Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cenovus Energy Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cenovus Energy Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $6,146,000 Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its position in shares of Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) (TSE:CVE) by 19.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 427,702 shares of the company’s stock after selling 104,787 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.05% of Cenovus Energy worth $6,146,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of CVE. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new stake in Cenovus Energy during the second quarter worth approximately $289,644,000. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp raised its stake in Cenovus Energy by 94.4% in the second quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp now owns 3,330,054 shares of the company’s stock worth $59,508,000 after buying an additional 1,617,200 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in Cenovus Energy by 2.8% in the second quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 2,375,384 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,705,000 after buying an additional 64,502 shares in the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. purchased a new stake in Cenovus Energy during the second quarter worth approximately $3,052,000. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in Cenovus Energy by 8.6% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 3,610,857 shares of the company’s stock worth $49,902,000 after buying an additional 285,750 shares in the last quarter. 67.18% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) traded down 2.16% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $14.97. 2,097,472 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s market capitalization is $12.47 billion. Cenovus Energy Inc has a 1-year low of $9.10 and a 1-year high of $16.82. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $15.34 and its 200 day moving average price is $14.64. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 15th were issued a $0.0376 dividend. This represents a $0.15 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.01%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 13th. Cenovus Energy’s dividend payout ratio is -12.93%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $6,146,000 Position in Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-6146000-position-in-cenovus-energy-inc-cve.html. CVE has been the topic of a number of research reports. Nomura reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Cenovus Energy in a research report on Monday, September 26th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Cenovus Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $24.00 target price on shares of Cenovus Energy in a research report on Monday, October 10th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $23.00 target price on shares of Cenovus Energy in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. Finally, Scotiabank reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a $21.00 target price (up previously from $20.00) on shares of Cenovus Energy in a research report on Saturday, October 29th. Eight equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.33. About Cenovus Energy Cenovus Energy Inc is a Canada-based integrated oil company. It is engaged in the business of developing, producing and marketing crude oil, natural gas liquids (NGLs) and natural gas. Its segments include Oil Sands, Conventional, Refining and Marketing, and Corporate and Eliminations. The Oil Sands segment includes the development and production of bitumen and natural gas in northeast Alberta. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cenovus Energy Inc (NYSE:CVE) (TSE:CVE). Receive News & Ratings for Cenovus Energy Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cenovus Energy Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JAKKS Pacific Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK) by 114.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 752,450 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 401,321 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 4.69% of JAKKS Pacific worth $6,501,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Walthausen & Co. LLC acquired a new position in JAKKS Pacific during the second quarter worth $3,922,000. Stifel Financial Corp boosted its position in JAKKS Pacific by 1.6% in the second quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 25,401 shares of the company’s stock worth $201,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in JAKKS Pacific during the second quarter worth $162,000. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in JAKKS Pacific by 30.0% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 129,541 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,024,000 after buying an additional 29,915 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Eagle Global Advisors LLC boosted its position in JAKKS Pacific by 7.5% in the second quarter. Eagle Global Advisors LLC now owns 26,740 shares of the company’s stock worth $212,000 after buying an additional 1,870 shares in the last quarter. JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK) remained flat at $5.30 during midday trading on Monday. 137,961 shares of the stock were exchanged. JAKKS Pacific, Inc. has a 1-year low of $4.62 and a 1-year high of $9.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $6.31 and its 200 day moving average is $7.86. The firm’s market capitalization is $84.69 million. JAKKS Pacific (NASDAQ:JAKK) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 20th. The company reported $0.82 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.28. JAKKS Pacific had a negative return on equity of 0.37% and a negative net margin of 0.07%. The company earned $382.80 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $338.35 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.12 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 10.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that JAKKS Pacific, Inc. will post $0.13 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (JAKK) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/jakks-pacific-inc-jakk-shares-bought-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. B. Riley reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 target price on shares of JAKKS Pacific in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered JAKKS Pacific from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Hilliard Lyons lowered JAKKS Pacific from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Piper Jaffray Companies lowered JAKKS Pacific from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $11.00 to $6.00 in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Finally, BMO Capital Markets lowered JAKKS Pacific from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $9.00 to $6.00 in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $6.70. In other JAKKS Pacific news, major shareholder Oasis Investments Ii Master Fu acquired 12,837 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 30th. The stock was acquired at an average price of $5.10 per share, with a total value of $65,468.70. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 5.20% of the stock is owned by insiders. JAKKS Pacific Company Profile JAKKS Pacific, Inc is a multi-line, multi-brand toy company. The Company designs, produces, markets and distributes toys and related products, pet toys, consumables and related products, electronics and related products, kids indoor and outdoor furniture, and other consumer products. The Company operates through two business segments: traditional toys and electronics, and role play, novelty and seasonal toys. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JAKK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JAKKS Pacific, Inc. (NASDAQ:JAKK). Receive News & Ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JAKKS Pacific Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing bluebird bio Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for bluebird bio Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by William Strong on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLUE) by 14.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 97,589 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 12,354 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.26% of bluebird bio worth $6,614,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of BLUE. Westpac Banking Corp boosted its stake in shares of bluebird bio by 48.4% in the second quarter. Westpac Banking Corp now owns 36,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,580,000 after buying an additional 11,900 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of bluebird bio by 14.2% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,680,871 shares of the company’s stock valued at $116,055,000 after buying an additional 333,396 shares during the last quarter. National Planning Corp bought a new stake in shares of bluebird bio during the second quarter valued at $246,000. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its stake in shares of bluebird bio by 25.3% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 5,114 shares of the company’s stock valued at $221,000 after buying an additional 1,034 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of bluebird bio by 75.7% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 71,671 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,103,000 after buying an additional 30,871 shares during the last quarter. Shares of bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLUE) traded up 0.88% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $68.80. The stock had a trading volume of 646,355 shares. The firm’s market cap is $2.57 billion. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $66.38 and its 200 day moving average is $57.78. bluebird bio, Inc. has a 12 month low of $35.37 and a 12 month high of $79.70. bluebird bio (NASDAQ:BLUE) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported ($2.07) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.59) by $0.48. The firm had revenue of $1.55 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.82 million. bluebird bio had a negative net margin of 3,941.72% and a negative return on equity of 30.79%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 17.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($1.18) EPS. Equities research analysts predict that bluebird bio, Inc. will post ($7.02) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece was first published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/bluebird-bio-inc-blue-shares-bought-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on BLUE shares. Maxim Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 price objective on shares of bluebird bio in a research note on Monday, September 12th. Leerink Swann upped their target price on bluebird bio from $67.00 to $80.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, October 14th. Wedbush reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $117.00 target price on shares of bluebird bio in a research note on Monday, October 3rd. Jefferies Group set a $88.00 target price on bluebird bio and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies set a $95.00 target price on bluebird bio and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. bluebird bio has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $85.60. About bluebird bio bluebird bio, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is focused on developing transformative gene therapies for severe genetic and rare diseases and in the field of T cell-based immunotherapy. Its gene therapy clinical programs include LentiGlobin product candidate to treat transfusion-dependent B-thalassemia (TDT) and severe sickle cell disease (SCD), and Lenti-D product candidate to treat cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy (CALD), a rare hereditary neurological disorder. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BLUE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for bluebird bio, Inc. (NASDAQ:BLUE). Receive News & Ratings for bluebird bio Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for bluebird bio Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Shares Bought by American International Group Inc. Next » Shaker Investments LLC OH Lowers Position in DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Hanover Insurance Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Hanover Insurance Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) BlackRock Investment Management LLC Has $9,572,000 Stake in The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (THG) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Investment Management LLC lowered its stake in The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (NYSE:THG) by 14.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 126,920 shares of the company’s stock after selling 20,843 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC owned 0.30% of The Hanover Insurance Group worth $9,572,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in The Hanover Insurance Group by 23.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 316,565 shares of the company’s stock valued at $26,788,000 after buying an additional 61,016 shares in the last quarter. Mesirow Financial Investment Management Equity Management purchased a new stake in The Hanover Insurance Group during the second quarter valued at about $19,822,000. New Vernon Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in The Hanover Insurance Group by 9.2% in the second quarter. New Vernon Investment Management LLC now owns 14,193 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,201,000 after buying an additional 1,193 shares in the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in The Hanover Insurance Group by 0.7% in the second quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 7,488 shares of the company’s stock valued at $634,000 after buying an additional 55 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hennessy Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in The Hanover Insurance Group by 3.0% in the second quarter. Hennessy Advisors Inc. now owns 428,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $36,268,000 after buying an additional 12,300 shares in the last quarter. 81.42% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (NYSE:THG) traded down 1.55% on Monday, hitting $88.65. 165,955 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $3.77 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.64 and a beta of 1.10. The company’s 50 day moving average is $89.27 and its 200 day moving average is $81.74. The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. has a one year low of $74.06 and a one year high of $91.99. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 16th were given a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 14th. This is a boost from The Hanover Insurance Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.46. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.22%. The Hanover Insurance Group’s payout ratio is 35.27%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “BlackRock Investment Management LLC Has $9,572,000 Stake in The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (THG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/blackrock-investment-management-llc-has-9572000-stake-in-the-hanover-insurance-group-inc-thg.html. Several research firms have issued reports on THG. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of The Hanover Insurance Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. JMP Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of The Hanover Insurance Group in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Sandler O’Neill began coverage on shares of The Hanover Insurance Group in a report on Monday, October 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $88.00 price objective on the stock. The Hanover Insurance Group Company Profile The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company’s primary business operations are property and casualty insurance products and services. The Company operates through four segments: Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Chaucer and Other. The Company’s Commercial Lines product suite provides agents and customers with products designed for small, middle and specialized markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding THG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. (NYSE:THG). Receive News & Ratings for The Hanover Insurance Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Hanover Insurance Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Headwinds to profit growth 'largely now behind us,' strategist says Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 3:47 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Pro: Headwinds to profit growth now largely behind us    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 1:05 PM ET | 04:31 The stock market may pull back this year, but earnings should ultimately push it higher, JPMorgan's David Lebovitz told CNBC on Monday. In fact, he's anticipating earnings for the S&P 500 could grow somewhere between 3 percent and 5 percent for 2017. "A lot of the headwinds to profit growth over the past couple of years, namely the dollar and energy, are largely now behind us," the global market strategist for JPMorgan Asset Management said in an interview with CNBC's "Power Lunch." Add in the dividend yield and he sees a mid- to high-single digit return for U.S. equities over the next 12 months. And that doesn't factor in the potential of "animal spirits." While those animal spirits have powered the market higher since President-elect Donald Trump won the election, a lot of it has now been priced in, Lebovitz said. "Anything we get from animal spirits in the form of multiple expansion would really be icing on the cake," he noted. show chapters Focus on what Trump administration will do, not say: Pro    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:10 PM ET | 02:02 Jim McDonald, chief investment strategist at Northern Trust, is also bullish on U.S. equities. The growth picture looks "pretty dependable"; there's been an improvement in momentum and consumer confidence; and there may be tax reform and regulatory relief, he pointed out. In this environment, he would be overweight U.S. stocks, U.S. high yield and natural resources. However, McDonald warned inflation could be a risk. "If the economy starts to heat up, inflation ticks up, the Fed raises rates more than people expect. We think that's the number one risk to a continued rally in 2017," he noted. As for Trump's recent tweets that have targeted specific companies, McDonald said he believes it is more important to focus on what the new administration will do versus what it says. "There have been several circumstances where they've raised a lot of ruckus around individual areas or initiatives of the government but then have proven to taken relatively centrist approaches. So, I wouldn't be too worried about that individual company risk," he noted. Meanwhile, in addition to U.S. stocks, JPMorgan's Lebovitz thinks Europe is attractive in the medium to longer term. He also thinks there is value in emerging markets, although he would cautious. "After five years of pretty significant underperformance, the fundamentals feel like they're beginning to turn. There are some risk from trade, but I think the story is evolving there," Lebovitz said. Disclaimer Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Bitcoin Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in US case tied to JPMorgan hack Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:25 PM ETReuters SHARES Brendan McDermid | Reuters Anthony Murgio arrives for a hearing at the Manhattan Federal Courthouse in New York, March 4, 2016. A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase. Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was to face trial. Under a plea agreement, Murgio agreed not to appeal any prison sentence of about 12½ years in prison or less. U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled his sentencing for June 16. The Tampa, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. Prosecutors said Murgio operated Coin.mx, which without a license exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin, including for victims of ransomware, a computer virus that seeks payment, often in the virtual currency, to unlock data it restricts. Prosecutors said Coin.mx was operated from 2013 to 2015 through several fronts, including one called "Collectibles Club," to trick financial institutions into believing it was a members-only group interested in collectibles like stamps. Coin.mx was owned by Israeli citizen Gery Shalon, according to prosecutors, who say he and Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies. An attack on JPMorgan resulted in the information of more than 100 million people being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Murgio, who was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, was tied not only to Shalon but also to Aaron. Both men attended Florida State University, and in 2008 they formed a business together. On his website, Murgio called Aaron "my friend" and said he "showed me the ropes to online marketing." Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- Bitcoin/USD --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Globant S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Globant S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) BlackRock Group LTD Buys 108,222 Shares of Globant S.A. (GLOB) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Group LTD raised its stake in Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) by 42.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 363,393 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 108,222 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD’s holdings in Globant were worth $15,306,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Globant by 6.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,642,479 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,182,000 after buying an additional 100,168 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Globant by 9.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 781,464 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,915,000 after buying an additional 65,550 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in Globant by 61.4% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 379,438 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,933,000 after buying an additional 144,324 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in Globant by 89.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 327,942 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,905,000 after buying an additional 154,959 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Globant by 43.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 212,670 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,957,000 after buying an additional 64,420 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 62.88% of the company’s stock. Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) traded down 1.28% during trading on Monday, reaching $31.74. The company had a trading volume of 101,976 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 32.39 and a beta of 0.85. Globant S.A. has a 1-year low of $22.50 and a 1-year high of $47.19. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $33.89 and a 200-day moving average of $39.73. Globant (NYSE:GLOB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 14th. The company reported $0.30 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.01. Globant had a net margin of 11.32% and a return on equity of 19.58%. The business earned $82.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $81.95 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $0.26 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 22.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Globant S.A. will post $1.14 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/blackrock-group-ltd-buys-108222-shares-of-globant-s-a-glob.html. GLOB has been the topic of several research analyst reports. TheStreet downgraded Globant from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Globant from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 14th. Jefferies Group decreased their price objective on Globant from $40.00 to $39.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $43.00 price objective on shares of Globant in a report on Tuesday, September 13th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Globant presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $39.93. About Globant Globant SA is a digitally native technology services company. The Company’s principal operating subsidiary is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. During the year ended December 31, 2015, 83.7% of its revenues were generated by clients in North America, 11.0% in Latin America and Asia, and 5.3% in Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GLOB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB). Receive News & Ratings for Globant S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Globant S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Visa Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dillard’s, Inc. (DDS) Stake Decreased by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. (ISLE) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (MSM) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Capital One National Association Has $736,000 Position in Scholastic Corporation (SCHL) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Sells 800 Shares of Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Matson, Inc. (MATX) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Position Cut by Savant Capital LLC Trex Company, Inc. (TREX) Position Held by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Invests $768,000 in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Invests $768,000 in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Tech Data Corporation (TECD) Position Cut by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by John G Ullman & Associates Inc. Capital One National Association Has $838,000 Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) GWM Advisors LLC Acquires 6,799 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Decreases Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 52,823 Shares of Innospec Inc. (IOSP) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1,064,000 Position in Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (JUNO) Intrexon Corporation (XON) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $1,381,000 Position in FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) CYS Investments, Inc. (CYS) Position Maintained by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $18,203,000 Position in Visa Inc. (V) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Canada Pension Plan Investment Board increased its stake in Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) by 29.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 220,110 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock after buying an additional 50,627 shares during the period. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board’s holdings in Visa were worth $18,203,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Visa by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 118,024,396 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $8,753,870,000 after buying an additional 1,207,526 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,495,466 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,441,561,000 after buying an additional 1,061,427 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Visa by 3.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 27,427,533 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $2,268,257,000 after buying an additional 967,565 shares during the last quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Visa by 3.8% in the second quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 17,877,455 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,325,971,000 after buying an additional 647,407 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Magellan Asset Management Ltd increased its stake in Visa by 1.5% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 16,267,433 shares of the credit-card processor’s stock worth $1,206,556,000 after buying an additional 238,821 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.56% of the company’s stock. Visa Inc. (NYSE:V) traded down 0.52% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $81.78. 3,075,034 shares of the stock traded hands. Visa Inc. has a 52 week low of $66.12 and a 52 week high of $83.96. The stock has a market capitalization of $191.37 billion, a P/E ratio of 32.31 and a beta of 0.95. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $78.86 and its 200-day moving average price is $79.99. Visa (NYSE:V) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, October 24th. The credit-card processor reported $0.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.05. The business had revenue of $4.26 billion for the quarter. Visa had a net margin of 39.72% and a return on equity of 24.31%. Visa’s revenue was up 19.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.62 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Visa Inc. will post $3.29 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Has $18,203,000 Position in Visa Inc. (V)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/canada-pension-plan-investment-board-has-18203000-position-in-visa-inc-v.html. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Bank of America Corporation raised shares of Visa from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $92.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Vetr raised shares of Visa from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $87.75 price objective on the stock in a research note on Thursday, October 20th. Stifel Nicolaus decreased their price objective on shares of Visa from $94.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 25th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Visa in a research note on Tuesday, November 15th. Finally, Pacific Crest set a $92.00 price objective on shares of Visa and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 14th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-seven have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Visa has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $91.65. In other news, President Ryan Mcinerney sold 18,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.92, for a total value of $1,534,020.00. Following the completion of the sale, the president now directly owns 12,548 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,040,480.16. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Charles W. Scharf sold 772,912 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, October 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $82.65, for a total transaction of $63,881,176.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 852,880 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $70,490,532. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.14% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Visa Company Profile Visa Inc is a payments technology company. The Company and its subsidiaries, including Visa U.SA Inc (Visa U.SA), Visa International Service Association (Visa International), Visa Worldwide Pte. Limited, Visa Canada Corporation, Inovant LLC and CyberSource Corporation (CyberSource), operate a processing network, VisaNet, which facilitates authorization, clearing and settlement of payment transactions around the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding V? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Visa Inc. (NYSE:V). Receive News & Ratings for Visa Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Visa Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Exclusive: Ziopharm CEO Talks Partnerships, Balance Sheet And JPM Healthcare Conference Presentation Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 09, 2017 11:40am   Comments Share: Related ZIOP Ziopharm Traders Got A Little Too Excited Watch These 5 Huge Call Purchases In Tuesday Trade Benzinga recently had the chance to speak with ZIOPHARM Oncology Inc. (NASDAQ: ZIOP) CEO Dr. Laurence James Neil Cooper about the upcoming JPMorgan Healthcare Conference, partnerships with Intrexon Corp (NYSE: XON) and Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK) and whether shareholders should be concerned about the company’s rising expenses. JPMorgan Conference Cooper will be presenting at the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference on Wednesday. Cooper said that his presentation at the conference will focus on the cancer side of Ziopharm’s gene therapy research. Ziopharm’s viral therapy program involves using engineered adenovirus to control delivery of a cytokine called interleukin 12, or IL-12. “We have essentially completed the Phase 1 trial,” Cooper told Benzinga. “We expect to be at the FDA to discuss that trial and the next steps, and we are anticipating that we’re going to be a Phase 3 company next year.” Cooper added that a pivotal trial for glioblastoma multiforme (GBM) could be a banner moment for Ziopharm. “I can’t promise, but all the indications are going in that direction,” he said. Strategic Partnerships Last year, Ziopharm renegotiated a long-standing partnership with Intrexon for an 80/20 split of unpartnered programs in favor of Ziopharm. “We renegotiated out relationship with Intrexon for the purposes of essentially looking more like a biotechnology company, in other words a company that if somebody is interested in us, I am not saying they are, but if they were interested in us, they would essentially be able to understand the relationship with Intrexon as a partner with us,” Cooper clarified. In addition, Merck has partnered with Ziopharm and selected a pair of undisclosed CAR targets, a project about which Cooper says he is “very happy at the moment.” R&D Spending Cooper noted that Ziopharm has made a conscious decision to ramp-up its spending in recent quarters. “We needed to complete essentially the adenoviral trial to get to the FDA so we could turn the corner and be in the pivotal trials,” Cooper told Benzinga. “So our cash position supports all of that, supports our ability to take on the registration trial.” However, Cooper acknowledged that the cash won’t last forever. When asked about the possibility of raising cash in the coming quarter, Cooper said the company will explore all options. “We may or may not. We have not made a decision about that,” he said, adding that partnering some of the programs, such as the NK cell program or the adenoviral program, could also help solve any cash issues. Looking Ahead When Benzinga asked what investors have in store in coming quarters, Cooper said he is hoping to provide shareholders with some important updates. “We are really looking forward to being able to update the Street about our adenoviral program with GBM. If we can get this essentially through the next period of regulatory review, we have a complete shot on goal to make a drug and commercialize it,” he said. In addition to the adenoviral trial, Cooper said Ziopharm will continue to explore the viability of its TCR program and its NK cell programs in 2017. Posted-In: Biotech News Health Care Previews Events Trading Ideas Interview General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (MRK + XON) Favorable News On Keytruda Drives Piper Jaffray's Upgrade Of Merck 8 Biggest Price Target Changes For Thursday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 12, 2017 Merck's Leadership Position In Immuno Oncology Is Improving The Market In 5 Minutes: Jobless Claims Lower, Trump Conference Shakes Sectors All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on ZIOP Trending Recent 1 NFLX, GOOGL: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 GOOGL, KO: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 TNDM, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Stock Index Futures Mixed Attention Investors: It's Possible The Holiday Season Wasn't A Disaster
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in U.S. case tied to JPMorgan hack By Reuters Published: 11:41 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 11:41 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Nate Raymond NEW YORK, Jan 9 (Reuters) - A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was to face trial. Under a plea agreement, Murgio agreed not to appeal any prison sentence of about 12-1/2 years in prison or less. U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled his sentencing for June 16. The Tampa, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. Prosecutors said Murgio operated Coin.mx, which without a license exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin, including for victims of ransomware, a computer virus that seeks payment, often in the virtual currency, to unlock data it restricts. Prosecutors said Coin.mx was operated from 2013 to 2015 through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club," to trick financial institutions into believing it was a members-only group interested in collectables like stamps. Coin.mx was owned by Israeli citizen Gery Shalon, according to prosecutors, who say he and Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies. An attack on JPMorgan resulted in the information of more than 100 million people being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Murgio, who was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, was tied not only to Shalon but also to Aaron. Both men attended Florida State University, and in 2008 they formed a business together. On his website, Murgio called Aaron "my friend" and said he "showed me the ropes to online marketing." Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. The case is U.S. v. Murgio et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 9 January 2017 | MYT 6:45 PM Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance - official JPMorgan Chase is being penalised following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. The Reuters photo shows people passing the JP Morgan Chase corporate headquarters in the New York City, JAKARTA: Indonesia has barred US bank JPMorgan Chase & Co from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said on Monday. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported on Monday. The government’s exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalising the US bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. “The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government,” said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry’s fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the US dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump’s election as US president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to “underweight” from “overweight”. On Jan 4, Nazara defended the penalising of JPMorgan, saying its research was “not credible and not objective”. Research rule coming Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only “factual” research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should “help the government to maintain stability,” Nazara said on Monday. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the US bank’s services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least US$11bil by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia’s sale of 3 billion euros (US$3.16bil) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in US dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised US$2bil. Foreigners hold more than 37% of Indonesia’s sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia’s biggest economy. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Banking , Indonesia , k JPMorgan Chase Co Related Stories Indonesia won't flood nickel market, say top officials Go-Jek races to kill cash Indonesia tells bond dealers to avoid conflicts of interest Trump’s Indonesia man to boost ties with theme park JPMorgan lashing by Indonesia signals global threat to analysts You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read One-of-a-kind businessman Weekend Do Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Trading ideas: DneX, Leweko, Gadang, OWG CIMB Research retains Underweight on auto sector, favours Bermaz Breakfast briefing: Monday, January 16 Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable Better rates via online forex services TDM demerger plan US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Business Home LBoard Would you live near a cemetery? Robin Augustin Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance Reuters | January 9, 2017 The government's exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalizing the US bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. JAKARTA: Indonesia has barred US bank JPMorgan Chase & Co from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said on Monday. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported on Monday. The government’s exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalizing the US bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. “The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government,” said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry’s fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the US dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump’s election as US president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to “underweight” from “overweight”. On Jan. 4, Nazara defended the penalizing of JPMorgan, saying its research was “not credible and not objective”. Research rule coming Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only “factual” research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov. 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should “help the government to maintain stability,” Nazara said on Monday. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the US bank’s services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least $11 billion by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia’s sale of 3 billion euros ($3.16 billion) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in US dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised $2 billion. Foreigners hold more than 37 percent of Indonesia’s sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia’s biggest economy. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Tahun Baru Cina bakal saksikan lebih ramai pelancong China Pope slams jihadist attacks as ‘homicidal madness’ ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Mara henti taja bola sepak Kelantan Henti perang mulut mengenai BR1M, kata Khairy Women are always asking for it, right? Challenges faced by our graduates Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? ‘Boss, boss’ then video on attack ends Chettiars strike back over state Hindu body claims Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost Huge win foreseen if BN fields Jamilah ‘Political suicide’ for Abang Jo to back shariah ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Safeguard Malaysia’s image at all cost Challenges faced by our graduates Women are always asking for it, right? The story behind Penang’s 95% debt reduction MCA perlu henti layan jerat politik DAP Corruption in civil service has created trust deficit More... FMT Bahasa 3 rakyat Malaysia sertai IS maut di Syria BN menang besar jika balu Adenan jadi calon KWSP mungkin benarkan keluar caruman beli komputer Veteran PAS: Mengapa Jamal campak duit RM1 juta? Badan baharu sekat fahaman melampau di kalangan Rohingya di Malaysia Malaysia digesa berusaha bawa pulang 2 tahanan Guantanamo More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 9:59 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 24°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance, says official Monday January 9, 2017 06:15 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co corporate headquarters in New York May 20, 2015. — Reuters picJAKARTA, Jan 9 — Indonesia has barred US bank JPMorgan Chase & Co from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said today. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported today. The government’s exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalising the US bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. “The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government,” said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry’s fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the US dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump’s election as US president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to “underweight” from “overweight”. On Jan. 4, Nazara defended the penalising of JPMorgan, saying its research was “not credible and not objective”. Research rule coming Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only “factual” research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov. 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should “help the government to maintain stability,” Nazara said today. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the US bank’s services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least US$11 billion by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia’s sale of €3 billion (RM14.1 billion) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in US dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised US$2 billion. Foreigners hold more than 37 per cent of Indonesia’s sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia’s biggest economy. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Singapore to prop up Southeast Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says Reuters Video: Taiwan president met with protesters, supporters in US stopover 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Indonesia penalises JPMorgan for rating its bonds ‘underweight’ Citi and JPMorgan top list of globally systemic banks Americans may spend less after clocks turn back Sales scandal costs Wells Fargo, JPMorgan and Citi please Wall Street JPMorgan adds sukuk to emerging markets indices Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance: official Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 5:05am EST Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance: official A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo | JAKARTA JAKARTA Indonesia has barred U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said on Monday. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported on Monday. The government's exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalizing the U.S. bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. "The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government," said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry's fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the U.S. dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump's election as U.S. president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to "underweight" from "overweight". On Jan. 4, Nazara defended the penalizing of JPMorgan, saying its research was "not credible and not objective". RESEARCH RULE COMING Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only "factual" research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov. 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should "help the government to maintain stability," Nazara said on Monday. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the U.S. bank's services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least $11 billion by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia's sale of 3 billion euros ($3.16 billion) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in U.S. dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised $2 billion. Foreigners hold more than 37 percent of Indonesia's sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia's biggest economy. (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo; Writing by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Richard Borsuk) Next In Business News Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader SEOUL Shares of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Samsung C&T Corp were steady in early trade on Monday, ahead of a South Korean special prosecutor's decision on whether to seek an arrest warrant for Samsung Group's leader. World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS, Switzerland Just eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population, Oxfam said on Monday in a report calling for action to curtail rewards for those at the top. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance: official Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 5:05am EST Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance: official A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo | JAKARTA JAKARTA Indonesia has barred U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said on Monday. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported on Monday. The government's exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalizing the U.S. bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. "The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government," said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry's fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the U.S. dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump's election as U.S. president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to "underweight" from "overweight". On Jan. 4, Nazara defended the penalizing of JPMorgan, saying its research was "not credible and not objective". RESEARCH RULE COMING Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only "factual" research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov. 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should "help the government to maintain stability," Nazara said on Monday. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the U.S. bank's services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least $11 billion by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia's sale of 3 billion euros ($3.16 billion) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in U.S. dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised $2 billion. Foreigners hold more than 37 percent of Indonesia's sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia's biggest economy. (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo; Writing by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Richard Borsuk) Next In Business News Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico BERLIN President-elect Donald Trump has warned the United States will impose a border tax of 35 percent on cars that German carmaker BMW plans to build at a new plant in Mexico and export to the U.S. market. Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader SEOUL Shares of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Samsung C&T Corp were steady in early trade on Monday, ahead of a South Korean special prosecutor's decision on whether to seek an arrest warrant for Samsung Group's leader. World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos DAVOS, Switzerland Just eight individuals, all men, own as much wealth as the poorest half of the world's population, Oxfam said on Monday in a report calling for action to curtail rewards for those at the top. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance - official By Reuters Published: 04:57 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 04:57 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo JAKARTA, Jan 9 (Reuters) - Indonesia has barred U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase & Co from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next issuance of dollar-denominated Islamic bonds, a finance ministry official said on Monday. The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication, reported on Monday. The government's exclusion of JPMorgan comes shortly after the Finance Ministry said it was penalising the U.S. bank following its issuance of a negative report on Indonesia in November. "The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government," said Suahasil Nazara, head of the Finance Ministry's fiscal policy office, when asked if JPMorgan could make a proposal for the U.S. dollar sukuk offering. A JPMorgan spokeswoman declined to comment. In the report issued after Donald Trump's election as U.S. president, JPMorgan downgraded its Indonesian stocks recommendation to "underweight" from "overweight". On Jan. 4, Nazara defended the penalising of JPMorgan, saying its research was "not credible and not objective". RESEARCH RULE COMING Indonesia is planning to issue a rule to ensure primary bond dealers produce only "factual" research, senior government officials said last week. A primary bond dealer is a bank or a securities firm appointed by the finance minister that can buy government bonds in auctions and resell them in the secondary market. Indonesia had 19 such dealers as of Nov. 25. Officials have met with primary dealers to convey the message that they should "help the government to maintain stability," Nazara said on Monday. In the JPMorgan case, the Finance Ministry dropped the U.S. bank's services as a primary dealer for domestic sovereign bonds and as an underwriter for bonds sold to the global market. The bank also no longer receives certain transfers of state revenue. Before the punishment, JPMorgan helped Indonesia to raise at least $11 billion by selling global bonds between 2012 and 2016, according to data from the Finance Ministry and the central bank. JPMorgan was part of a syndicate of banks working on Indonesia's sale of 3 billion euros ($3.16 billion) worth of bonds last June, but it was not listed for two more offerings in U.S. dollar and yen since then. In 2015, JPMorgan was one of the lead managers for a dollar sukuk offering for Indonesia that raised $2 billion. Foreigners hold more than 37 percent of Indonesia's sovereign bonds, while the local capital market lacks depth and liquidity, making the perception of foreign investors particularly important for Southeast Asia's biggest economy. ($1 = 0.9493 euros) (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji and Gayatri Suroyo; Writing by Eveline Danubrata; Editing by Richard Borsuk) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing MSA Safety Incorporporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSA Safety Incorporporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Swiss National Bank Sells 1,500 Shares of MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Swiss National Bank lowered its stake in MSA Safety Incorporporated (NYSE:MSA) by 2.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 50,700 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,500 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank owned 0.14% of MSA Safety Incorporporated worth $2,943,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in MSA Safety Incorporporated by 1,426.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,938 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,000 after buying an additional 1,811 shares during the last quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in MSA Safety Incorporporated by 77.3% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,947 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 849 shares during the last quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its position in MSA Safety Incorporporated by 3.8% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 1,992 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 73 shares during the last quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC bought a new position in MSA Safety Incorporporated during the second quarter valued at $110,000. Finally, MSI Financial Services Inc increased its position in MSA Safety Incorporporated by 30.9% in the third quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc now owns 2,169 shares of the company’s stock valued at $126,000 after buying an additional 512 shares during the last quarter. 60.36% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. MSA Safety Incorporporated (NYSE:MSA) traded down 0.68% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $68.29. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 67,907 shares. MSA Safety Incorporporated has a 12 month low of $37.68 and a 12 month high of $71.28. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $66.82 and its 200-day moving average price is $58.75. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.57 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.52 and a beta of 1.49. MSA Safety Incorporporated (NYSE:MSA) last released its earnings results on Friday, October 28th. The company reported $0.72 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.66 by $0.06. The firm earned $278.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $285.21 million. MSA Safety Incorporporated had a return on equity of 19.79% and a net margin of 7.37%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.59 earnings per share. Analysts predict that MSA Safety Incorporporated will post $2.81 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, December 10th. Shareholders of record on Monday, November 14th were given a $0.33 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, November 9th. This represents a $1.32 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 1.93%. MSA Safety Incorporporated’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 58.41%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Swiss National Bank Sells 1,500 Shares of MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA)” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/swiss-national-bank-sells-1500-shares-of-msa-safety-incorporporated-msa.html. MSA has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. Robert W. Baird raised MSA Safety Incorporporated from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the company from $57.00 to $63.00 in a research report on Monday, October 31st. Zacks Investment Research raised MSA Safety Incorporporated from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $63.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $62.33. About MSA Safety Incorporporated Mine Safety Appliances Company is engaged in the development, manufacture and supply of products that protect people’s health and safety. The Company’s line of safety products is used by workers worldwide in the fire service, homeland security, oil and gas, construction and other industries, as well as the military. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MSA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MSA Safety Incorporporated (NYSE:MSA). Receive News & Ratings for MSA Safety Incorporporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSA Safety Incorporporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BTIG Research Reaffirms Buy Rating for Exact Sciences Corporation (EXAS) Next » Swiss National Bank Cuts Stake in Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Mellanox Technologies Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Swiss National Bank Cuts Stake in Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (MLNX) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Swiss National Bank cut its position in Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) by 0.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 69,421 shares of the company’s stock after selling 100 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank owned approximately 0.14% of Mellanox Technologies worth $3,002,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 23.3% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 814,276 shares of the company’s stock worth $35,217,000 after buying an additional 153,861 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 153.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 189,599 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,200,000 after buying an additional 114,701 shares in the last quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D boosted its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 75.0% in the third quarter. State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D now owns 105,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,541,000 after buying an additional 45,000 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 104.5% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 349,557 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,764,000 after buying an additional 178,593 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Mellanox Technologies by 72.4% in the second quarter. Harel Insurance Investments & Financial Services Ltd. now owns 59,396 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,848,000 after buying an additional 24,938 shares in the last quarter. 63.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX) traded down 1.16% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $42.70. 597,984 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $2081.24 billion, a PE ratio of 39.54 and a beta of 0.60. Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. has a one year low of $37.54 and a one year high of $55.80. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $41.33 and a 200-day moving average price of $43.52. Mellanox Technologies (NASDAQ:MLNX) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $0.93 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.60 by $0.33. The firm earned $224.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $25.16 million. Mellanox Technologies had a net margin of 6.49% and a return on equity of 10.89%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 30.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.75 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. will post $3.47 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/swiss-national-bank-cuts-stake-in-mellanox-technologies-ltd-mlnx.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on MLNX. Roth Capital set a $60.00 price target on shares of Mellanox Technologies and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Sunday, October 30th. TheStreet cut shares of Mellanox Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Jefferies Group cut shares of Mellanox Technologies from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $42.00 to $37.00 in a report on Monday, November 21st. Summit Redstone set a $65.00 price target on shares of Mellanox Technologies and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Mellanox Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the stock. Mellanox Technologies has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $61.65. In other Mellanox Technologies news, CFO Yakov (Jacob) Shulman sold 2,782 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $43.28, for a total value of $120,404.96. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. 6.32% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Mellanox Technologies Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. is a fabless semiconductor company. The Company designs, manufactures and sells interconnect products and solutions primarily based on the InfiniBand and Ethernet standards. The Company operates in the development, manufacturing, marketing and sales of interconnect products segment. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MLNX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mellanox Technologies, Ltd. (NASDAQ:MLNX). Receive News & Ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mellanox Technologies Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Swiss National Bank Sells 1,500 Shares of MSA Safety Incorporporated (MSA) Next » AbbVie Inc. (ABBV) Shares Bought by Wright Investors Service Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance American Equity Investment Life Holding Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (AEL) Position Raised by BlackRock Advisors LLC January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL) by 83.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 309,342 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 140,748 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC owned about 0.38% of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company worth $5,485,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 17.2% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 3,336,046 shares of the company’s stock worth $47,539,000 after buying an additional 490,506 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 1.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 837,382 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,847,000 after buying an additional 8,702 shares during the last quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 1.5% in the second quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 28,583 shares of the company’s stock worth $407,000 after buying an additional 410 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company during the second quarter worth about $229,000. Finally, Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio boosted its position in American Equity Investment Life Holding Company by 21.0% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 7,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 1,331 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 89.40% of the company’s stock. Shares of American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL) traded up 1.72% on Friday, reaching $23.00. The company had a trading volume of 516,952 shares. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company has a 52 week low of $12.65 and a 52 week high of $23.45. The company has a 50 day moving average of $22.05 and a 200-day moving average of $18.16. The company’s market capitalization is $1.98 billion. The firm also recently announced an annual dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, December 20th. Shareholders of record on Monday, December 5th were paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. This is a boost from American Equity Investment Life Holding Company’s previous annual dividend of $0.22. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 1st. This represents a yield of 1.11%. American Equity Investment Life Holding Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is -399.93%. WARNING: This story was posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/american-equity-investment-life-holding-company-ael-position-raised-by-blackrock-advisors-llc.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on AEL shares. TheStreet cut American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Credit Suisse Group started coverage on American Equity Investment Life Holding Company in a report on Friday, October 7th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $20.00 target price for the company. FBR & Co upped their target price on American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from $23.00 to $25.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co cut American Equity Investment Life Holding Company from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and upped their target price for the stock from $20.00 to $24.00 in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $21.71. In other American Equity Investment Life Holding Company news, Director Alan David Matula bought 2,200 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, December 19th. The stock was bought at an average price of $22.60 per share, with a total value of $49,720.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 6,950 shares in the company, valued at $157,070. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Alexander Meeker Clark sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $20.57, for a total value of $61,710.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 7,600 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $156,332. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 4.43% of the company’s stock. About American Equity Investment Life Holding Company American Equity Investment Life Holding Company is engaged in the development and sale of fixed index and fixed rate annuity products. The Company issues fixed annuity and life insurance products through its life insurance subsidiaries, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company, American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company of New York and Eagle Life Insurance Company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AEL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company (NYSE:AEL). Receive News & Ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for American Equity Investment Life Holding Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Pharmerica Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pharmerica Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Pharmerica Corporation (PMC) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Pharmerica Corporation (NYSE:PMC) by 1.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 237,395 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 3,200 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.77% of Pharmerica Corporation worth $6,663,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its position in shares of Pharmerica Corporation by 7.5% in the second quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 4,215 shares of the company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 293 shares during the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its position in shares of Pharmerica Corporation by 14.1% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 4,243 shares of the company’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 523 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC bought a new position in shares of Pharmerica Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $148,000. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in shares of Pharmerica Corporation by 3.8% in the second quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 6,638 shares of the company’s stock worth $163,000 after buying an additional 240 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Walleye Trading LLC bought a new position in shares of Pharmerica Corporation during the second quarter worth approximately $180,000. 96.39% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Pharmerica Corporation (NYSE:PMC) traded down 0.38% during trading on Friday, hitting $26.40. 111,039 shares of the company traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $25.06 and its 200-day moving average is $25.39. The stock has a market capitalization of $812.62 million, a PE ratio of 24.07 and a beta of 0.97. Pharmerica Corporation has a 52 week low of $19.20 and a 52 week high of $33.33. Pharmerica Corporation (NYSE:PMC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.51 by $0.07. The business had revenue of $512.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $530.01 million. Pharmerica Corporation had a net margin of 1.64% and a return on equity of 10.40%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.39 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Pharmerica Corporation will post $1.87 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Pharmerica Corporation (PMC) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/pharmerica-corporation-pmc-shares-bought-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Pharmerica Corporation from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $30.00. About Pharmerica Corporation PharMerica Corporation is an institutional pharmacy services company. The Company services healthcare facilities, provides pharmacy management services to hospitals, provides specialty infusion services to patients outside a hospital setting and offers the national oncology pharmacy in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pharmerica Corporation (NYSE:PMC). Receive News & Ratings for Pharmerica Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pharmerica Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $6,677,000 Stake in Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA) Next » Pettee Investors Inc. Raises Stake in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Barracuda Networks Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $6,677,000 Stake in Barracuda Networks, Inc. (CUDA) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA) by 16.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 262,082 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 37,467 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.50% of Barracuda Networks worth $6,677,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Barracuda Networks by 12.4% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 52,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,337,000 after buying an additional 5,777 shares during the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in Barracuda Networks by 7,280.4% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 124,139 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,162,000 after buying an additional 122,457 shares during the last quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC raised its position in Barracuda Networks by 38.1% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,059,877 shares of the company’s stock worth $27,005,000 after buying an additional 292,574 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in Barracuda Networks by 3.2% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 84,041 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,142,000 after buying an additional 2,596 shares during the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP raised its position in Barracuda Networks by 57.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 108,148 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,756,000 after buying an additional 39,280 shares during the last quarter. 54.76% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA) traded up 1.15% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $22.78. The stock had a trading volume of 381,722 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $22.66 and its 200 day moving average is $22.21. The company has a market cap of $1.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 175.23 and a beta of 3.42. Barracuda Networks, Inc. has a 1-year low of $9.44 and a 1-year high of $26.69. Barracuda Networks (NYSE:CUDA) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, October 11th. The company reported $0.21 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.13 by $0.08. Barracuda Networks had a net margin of 2.03% and a negative return on equity of 56.63%. The business earned $87.90 million during the quarter. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.10 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Barracuda Networks, Inc. will post $0.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-6677000-stake-in-barracuda-networks-inc-cuda.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Barracuda Networks from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $29.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Friday, October 14th. Imperial Capital reiterated an “underweight” rating on shares of Barracuda Networks in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. DA Davidson set a $22.00 price objective on Barracuda Networks and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 12th. Rosenblatt Securities reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of Barracuda Networks in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Finally, Stephens reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $24.00 price objective (up from $18.00) on shares of Barracuda Networks in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, ten have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Barracuda Networks has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $25.01. In related news, major shareholder Dean M. Drako sold 58,899 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, October 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.40, for a total value of $1,554,933.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Gordon Stitt bought 4,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 8th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $20.81 per share, with a total value of $83,240.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 39.60% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Barracuda Networks Company Profile Barracuda Networks, Inc designs and delivers security and data protection solutions. The Company offers cloud-enabled solutions that enable customers to address security threats, manage network performance, and protect and store their data. Its solutions are designed to manage information technology operations for its customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CUDA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Barracuda Networks, Inc. (NYSE:CUDA). Receive News & Ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barracuda Networks Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Shell Asset Management Co. Has $6,920,000 Position in The Priceline Group Inc. (PCLN) Next » Pharmerica Corporation (PMC) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axovant Sciences Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axovant Sciences Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Decreases Position in Axovant Sciences Ltd. (AXON) January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in shares of Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE:AXON) by 45.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 480,722 shares of the company’s stock after selling 393,922 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.48% of Axovant Sciences worth $6,730,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in AXON. Alps Advisors Inc. boosted its stake in Axovant Sciences by 24.9% in the second quarter. Alps Advisors Inc. now owns 139,286 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,788,000 after buying an additional 27,780 shares during the last quarter. Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC acquired a new stake in Axovant Sciences during the second quarter valued at $682,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Axovant Sciences by 39.3% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 72,198 shares of the company’s stock valued at $928,000 after buying an additional 20,368 shares during the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System boosted its stake in Axovant Sciences by 68.6% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 51,249 shares of the company’s stock valued at $658,000 after buying an additional 20,859 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Bourgeon Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Axovant Sciences by 12.1% in the second quarter. Bourgeon Capital Management LLC now owns 23,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $298,000 after buying an additional 2,500 shares during the last quarter. Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE:AXON) traded up 1.23% on Friday, hitting $13.19. The stock had a trading volume of 186,342 shares. Axovant Sciences Ltd. has a 12-month low of $8.86 and a 12-month high of $18.33. The company’s market cap is $1.31 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $13.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $13.94. WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-decreases-position-in-axovant-sciences-ltd-axon.html. AXON has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. restated a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 target price on shares of Axovant Sciences in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Evercore ISI restated a “buy” rating and set a $29.00 target price on shares of Axovant Sciences in a research note on Friday, September 23rd. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $32.00 target price on Axovant Sciences and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, September 23rd. Jefferies Group reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $31.00 price objective on shares of Axovant Sciences in a research note on Monday, September 26th. Finally, HC Wainwright reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Axovant Sciences in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $24.05. Axovant Sciences Company Profile Axovant Sciences Ltd., formerly Roivant Neurosciences Ltd., is a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on acquiring, developing and commercializing therapeutics for the treatment of dementia. The Company focuses on developing a pipeline of product candidates to address the cognitive, functional and behavioral aspects of dementia and related neurological disorders. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding AXON? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Axovant Sciences Ltd. (NYSE:AXON). Receive News & Ratings for Axovant Sciences Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axovant Sciences Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Piper Jaffray Companies - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Piper Jaffray Companies with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 1,707 Shares of Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC) January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced its stake in Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE:PJC) by 1.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 141,446 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,707 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 1.15% of Piper Jaffray Companies worth $6,832,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in Piper Jaffray Companies by 95.2% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 124,735 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,703,000 after buying an additional 60,845 shares in the last quarter. Boston Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Piper Jaffray Companies during the third quarter valued at about $2,738,000. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Piper Jaffray Companies by 4.7% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 982,803 shares of the company’s stock valued at $37,052,000 after buying an additional 43,716 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Piper Jaffray Companies by 6.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 620,989 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,992,000 after buying an additional 37,809 shares in the last quarter. Finally, AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Piper Jaffray Companies by 33.7% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 117,185 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,418,000 after buying an additional 29,512 shares in the last quarter. 67.32% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE:PJC) traded down 0.14% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $73.60. The company had a trading volume of 81,353 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.11 billion, a P/E ratio of 39.07 and a beta of 1.57. Piper Jaffray Companies has a 12 month low of $31.66 and a 12 month high of $77.80. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $73.16 and a 200 day moving average price of $52.99. Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE:PJC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $1.37 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.93 by $0.44. The business had revenue of $199 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $163.56 million. Piper Jaffray Companies had a return on equity of 6.95% and a net margin of 3.32%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 34.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.87 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Piper Jaffray Companies will post $4.60 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 1,707 Shares of Piper Jaffray Companies (PJC)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-sells-1707-shares-of-piper-jaffray-companies-pjc.html. In other news, insider Stuart C. Harvey, Jr. purchased 4,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 8th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $55.15 per share, for a total transaction of $220,600.00. Following the purchase, the insider now owns 4,000 shares in the company, valued at $220,600. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Debbra L. Schoneman sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.54, for a total value of $655,400.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 44,964 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,946,940.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 6.46% of the company’s stock. About Piper Jaffray Companies Piper Jaffray Companies is an investment bank and asset management company, which serves the needs of corporations, private equity groups, public entities, non-profit entities and institutional investors in the United States and internationally. The Company provides products and services, including equity and debt capital markets products, financial advisory services, equity and fixed income institutional brokerage, equity and fixed income research, and asset management services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PJC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE:PJC). Receive News & Ratings for Piper Jaffray Companies Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Piper Jaffray Companies and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Stake in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased its position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (NYSE:CBI) by 39.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 249,327 shares of the company’s stock after selling 162,669 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned approximately 0.25% of Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. worth $6,988,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Cedar Wealth Management LLC boosted its position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. by 6.4% in the third quarter. Cedar Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $107,000 after buying an additional 230 shares during the period. Edge Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. during the third quarter worth about $140,000. Pinkerton Retirement Specialists LLC purchased a new position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. during the second quarter worth about $143,000. Societe Generale purchased a new position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. during the second quarter worth about $156,000. Finally, SG Americas Securities LLC boosted its position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. by 38.6% in the second quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC now owns 4,505 shares of the company’s stock worth $156,000 after buying an additional 1,255 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 66.64% of the company’s stock. Shares of Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (NYSE:CBI) traded up 0.33% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $33.16. 981,864 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $33.81 and a 200 day moving average price of $32.06. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. has a 12 month low of $26.12 and a 12 month high of $41.33. The firm has a market cap of $3.32 billion, a PE ratio of 12.09 and a beta of 2.11. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (NYSE:CBI) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $1.20 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.17 by $0.03. The company earned $2.78 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.75 billion. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. had a net margin of 2.51% and a return on equity of 22.54%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.54 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. will post $4.82 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Stockholders of record on Monday, December 19th were given a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 15th. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V.’s payout ratio is presently 10.18%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Stake in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI)” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-cuts-stake-in-chicago-bridge-iron-company-n-v-cbi.html. Several equities analysts have recently weighed in on the company. MKM Partners restated a “buy” rating and issued a $42.00 price objective on shares of Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. Vetr upgraded Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.40 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, October 26th. Jefferies Group restated a “buy” rating and issued a $38.00 price objective on shares of Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Argus assumed coverage on Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $43.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 31st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $38.60. In other news, insider Beth A. Bailey sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $36.03, for a total transaction of $180,150.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 137,840 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,966,375.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 1.40% of the company’s stock. About Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CB&I) provides a range of services to customers in the energy infrastructure market across the world. The Company provides various services, such as conceptual design, technology, engineering, procurement, fabrication, modularization, construction, commissioning, maintenance, program management and environmental services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CBI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (NYSE:CBI). Receive News & Ratings for Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Monsanto Company (MON) Stake Maintained by Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Next » JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Williams-Sonoma Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered its position in shares of Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) by 27.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 137,375 shares of the company’s stock after selling 51,356 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned about 0.16% of Williams-Sonoma worth $7,017,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Pacific Heights Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Williams-Sonoma by 40.9% in the second quarter. Pacific Heights Asset Management LLC now owns 162,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,445,000 after buying an additional 47,000 shares during the last quarter. Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Williams-Sonoma by 10.1% in the second quarter. Stonebridge Capital Management Inc. now owns 50,925 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,655,000 after buying an additional 4,680 shares during the last quarter. Lucus Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Williams-Sonoma during the second quarter worth about $343,000. American Century Companies Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Williams-Sonoma by 36.9% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 1,075,180 shares of the company’s stock worth $56,049,000 after buying an additional 289,965 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Boston Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Williams-Sonoma by 361.4% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 284,828 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,848,000 after buying an additional 223,100 shares in the last quarter. 99.06% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM) traded down 0.83% on Friday, reaching $48.89. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 899,863 shares. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. has a 12 month low of $45.96 and a 12 month high of $61.97. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $53.09 and its 200-day moving average is $51.61. The firm has a market cap of $4.29 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.54 and a beta of 0.90. Williams-Sonoma (NYSE:WSM) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.77 by $0.01. The firm earned $1.25 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.26 billion. Williams-Sonoma had a net margin of 5.93% and a return on equity of 26.59%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 1.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.77 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Williams-Sonoma, Inc. will post $3.40 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 24th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, January 26th will be issued a dividend of $0.37 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, January 24th. This represents a $1.48 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.03%. Williams-Sonoma’s dividend payout ratio is presently 44.18%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-reduces-position-in-williams-sonoma-inc-wsm.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. SunTrust Banks, Inc. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research report on Saturday, November 19th. Zacks Investment Research raised Williams-Sonoma from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Nomura reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 price target on shares of Williams-Sonoma in a research report on Monday, November 21st. Barclays PLC set a $40.00 price target on Williams-Sonoma and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, November 18th. Finally, Vetr cut Williams-Sonoma from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $54.14 price target for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $57.05. In other news, insider James W. Jr. Brett sold 16,355 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $54.49, for a total transaction of $891,183.95. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 24,978 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,361,051.22. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Insiders own 2.20% of the company’s stock. About Williams-Sonoma Williams-Sonoma, Inc is a multi-channel specialty retailer of products for the home. The Company operates retail stores in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Australia and the United Kingdom. It operates through two segments: e-commerce and retail. The e-commerce segment has various merchandising strategies, such as Williams-Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, West Elm, PBteen, Williams-Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation and Mark and Graham, which sell its products through the Company’s e-commerce Websites and direct-mail catalogs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WSM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (NYSE:WSM). Receive News & Ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams-Sonoma Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous JPMorgan Chase & Co. Cuts Stake in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) Next » JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $7,149,000 Stake in Transenterix Inc (TRXC) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Transenterix Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Transenterix Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $7,149,000 Stake in Transenterix Inc (TRXC) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. maintained its position in Transenterix Inc (NASDAQ:TRXC) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 4,230,205 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 3.68% of Transenterix worth $7,149,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Transenterix by 2,356.8% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 2,262,310 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,760,000 after buying an additional 2,170,226 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Transenterix by 52.5% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,819,488 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,220,000 after buying an additional 626,019 shares during the last quarter. A.R.T. Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Transenterix during the second quarter valued at $656,000. Advisor Group Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Transenterix during the second quarter valued at $301,000. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Transenterix by 29.6% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,027,284 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,253,000 after buying an additional 234,681 shares during the last quarter. Transenterix Inc (NASDAQ:TRXC) traded up 4.17% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $1.50. 768,805 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is $172.59 million. Transenterix Inc has a 52-week low of $1.03 and a 52-week high of $6.10. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $1.46 and its 200-day moving average is $1.48. Transenterix (NASDAQ:TRXC) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported ($0.11) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.10) by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $1.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.80 million. Analysts predict that Transenterix Inc will post ($0.43) EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-has-7149000-stake-in-transenterix-inc-trxc.html. Several equities research analysts have weighed in on TRXC shares. B. Riley started coverage on shares of Transenterix in a research report on Friday, October 7th. They set a “buy” rating and a $3.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Transenterix from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $3.13. In other Transenterix news, major shareholder S.P.A Sofar purchased 3,722,685 shares of Transenterix stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were bought at an average price of $1.40 per share, for a total transaction of $5,211,759.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 19,266,098 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $26,972,537.20. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. About Transenterix TransEnterix, Inc is a medical device company. The Company is focused on the development and commercialization of ALF-X Surgical Robotic System (the ALF-X System), and SurgiBot System. The Company’s ALF-X System is a multi-port robotic surgery system, which allows multiple robotic arms to control instruments and a camera. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TRXC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Transenterix Inc (NASDAQ:TRXC). Receive News & Ratings for Transenterix Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Transenterix Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reduces Position in Williams-Sonoma, Inc. (WSM) Next » Old Mutual Global Investors UK Ltd. Purchases 102,830 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eclipse Resources Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eclipse Resources Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Position in Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation (NYSE:ECR) by 7.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 2,178,382 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 143,938 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. owned 0.84% of Eclipse Resources Corporation worth $7,166,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in ECR. Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY bought a new stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation during the second quarter worth about $141,000. Monashee Investment Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation during the second quarter worth about $167,000. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation during the second quarter worth about $170,000. TFS Capital LLC bought a new stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation during the second quarter worth about $187,000. Finally, Knott David M bought a new stake in shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation during the second quarter worth about $200,000. Institutional investors own 29.46% of the company’s stock. Shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation (NYSE:ECR) traded down 2.58% during trading on Friday, hitting $2.64. The stock had a trading volume of 684,722 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $2.90 and a 200 day moving average of $3.12. The firm’s market cap is $687.96 million. Eclipse Resources Corporation has a 12-month low of $0.65 and a 12-month high of $4.42. Eclipse Resources Corporation (NYSE:ECR) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported ($0.10) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.05. Eclipse Resources Corporation had a negative net margin of 439.73% and a negative return on equity of 39.50%. The company earned $54.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $57.81 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned ($0.37) earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 12.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Eclipse Resources Corporation will post ($0.31) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-position-in-eclipse-resources-corporation-ecr.html. A number of analysts have issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Eclipse Resources Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $4.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Seaport Global Securities downgraded Eclipse Resources Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. GMP Securities initiated coverage on Eclipse Resources Corporation in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. They set a “buy” rating and a $7.00 price objective for the company. KLR Group initiated coverage on Eclipse Resources Corporation in a research report on Monday, November 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $3.75 price objective for the company. Finally, RBC Capital Markets reissued a “buy” rating and set a $4.00 price objective on shares of Eclipse Resources Corporation in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Eleven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.20. Eclipse Resources Corporation Company Profile Eclipse Resources Corporation (Eclipse) is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition and development of oil and natural gas properties in the Appalachian Basin. The Company has assembled an acreage position approximating 221,700 net acres in Eastern Ohio. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ECR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eclipse Resources Corporation (NYSE:ECR). Receive News & Ratings for Eclipse Resources Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eclipse Resources Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nord Anglia Education Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NORD) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc. January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ameriprise Financial Inc. lowered its stake in Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NYSE:NORD) by 27.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 1,011,120 shares of the company’s stock after selling 381,785 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc.’s holdings in Nord Anglia Education were worth $22,023,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Nord Anglia Education by 445.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 4,002 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in Nord Anglia Education by 74.2% in the second quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 8,959 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,000 after buying an additional 3,817 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. bought a new position in Nord Anglia Education during the second quarter valued at approximately $202,000. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in Nord Anglia Education by 9.9% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 17,306 shares of the company’s stock valued at $377,000 after buying an additional 1,565 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors bought a new position in Nord Anglia Education during the second quarter valued at approximately $484,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 31.45% of the company’s stock. Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NYSE:NORD) opened at 23.46 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $23.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.25. The firm has a market capitalization of $2.44 billion, a P/E ratio of 52.13 and a beta of 0.96. Nord Anglia Education, Inc. has a 1-year low of $14.58 and a 1-year high of $24.47. Nord Anglia Education (NYSE:NORD) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 29th. The company reported ($0.14) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.15) by $0.01. Nord Anglia Education had a net margin of 5.89% and a return on equity of 22.91%. The business had revenue of $115.10 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $110.77 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($0.22) EPS. Nord Anglia Education’s revenue was up 27.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that Nord Anglia Education, Inc. will post $0.66 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NORD) Shares Sold by Ameriprise Financial Inc.” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/nord-anglia-education-inc-nord-shares-sold-by-ameriprise-financial-inc.html. Several research analysts have commented on the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co raised their price objective on Nord Anglia Education from $24.00 to $25.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Credit Suisse Group raised their price objective on Nord Anglia Education from $25.00 to $28.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. CLSA lowered Nord Anglia Education from an “outperform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $22.00 price objective on shares of Nord Anglia Education in a research report on Saturday, October 15th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Nord Anglia Education from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $24.83. Nord Anglia Education Company Profile Nord Anglia Education, Inc is an operator of international schools. As of August 31, 2016, the Company taught over 37,000 students, from kindergarten through the end of secondary school (K-12), at its 43 schools in China, Europe, the Middle East, South East Asia and North America. The Company’s segments include China, Europe, Middle East (ME), Southeast Asia (SEA), North America and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NORD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nord Anglia Education, Inc. (NYSE:NORD). Receive News & Ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nord Anglia Education Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Preview At Last, an Autonomous Snowblower About to start beta testing, Kobi aims to clean walks and driveways on its own. January 7, 2017 Review | Dates to Watch For | Follow Up: B&N, UPS | U.S. Economic Calendar | Consensus Estimates | Coming Earnings | Coming U.S. Auctions Two Belgian bankers were chatting over beers in Leuven after work a couple years ago when the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Netflix or Hulu Plus? A guide to the best TV streaming services. Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts The York Water Company (YORW) Given $25.50 Average Price Target by Analysts Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Given $26.00 Average Target Price by Brokerages Mediaset (MDIUY) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Zacks: Albany International Corporation (AIN) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Codorus Valley Bancorp, Inc (CVLY) Raises Dividend to $0.14 Per Share Eclipse Resources Corporation (ECR) to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.41) Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Imperial Capital Weighs in on Southwest Airlines Company’s FY2016 Earnings (LUV) Zacks: Analysts Set $38.50 Price Target for KMG Chemicals, Inc. (KMG) Zacks: Air Liquide SA (AIQUY) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dvd. Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.10 (ETG) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Primo Water Corporation’s FY2016 Earnings (PRMW) Shaw Communications Inc (SJR.B) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank Of Canada Short Interest in Timmins Gold Corp (TGD) Declines By 16.0% Brokerages Set $21.50 Target Price for SPX Co. (SPXC) Zacks: Analysts Set $31.50 Price Target for ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Zacks: West Marine, Inc. (WMAR) Given $9.67 Consensus Target Price by Analysts Zacks: Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) Receives Average Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Zacks: Shore Bancshares Inc (SHBI) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate Horace Mann Educators Corporation (HMN) to Post $0.40 Earnings Per Share Ithaca Energy Inc. (IAE) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (IPCC) Stake Cut by Aperio Group LLC Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Aperio Group LLC decreased its stake in Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC) by 1.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 3,512 shares of the company’s stock after selling 55 shares during the period. Aperio Group LLC’s holdings in Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation were worth $290,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation by 22,375.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,485 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,088,000 after buying an additional 13,425 shares during the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation by 3.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 54,004 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,356,000 after buying an additional 1,705 shares during the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation by 4.9% in the second quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 15,931 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,285,000 after buying an additional 750 shares during the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC acquired a new position in shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $104,000. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $861,000. 97.42% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC) traded down 0.68% on Friday, reaching $87.55. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 38,056 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $87.91 and its 200-day moving average price is $83.60. The stock has a market cap of $967.87 million, a P/E ratio of 29.98 and a beta of 0.65. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation has a 12 month low of $73.27 and a 12 month high of $90.50. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.17 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.00 by $0.83. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation had a return on equity of 4.38% and a net margin of 2.18%. The firm earned $378.10 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $324.30 million. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.41 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts forecast that Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation will post $2.87 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 23rd. Investors of record on Friday, December 9th were issued a $0.52 dividend. This represents a $2.08 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 7th. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 71.23%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (IPCC) Stake Cut by Aperio Group LLC” was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/infinity-property-and-casualty-corporation-ipcc-stake-cut-by-aperio-group-llc.html. IPCC has been the subject of several research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods initiated coverage on Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. They set a “market perform” rating and a $89.00 target price for the company. In related news, VP Samuel J. Simon sold 4,500 shares of Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.70, for a total value of $394,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 78,892 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $6,918,828.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 3.28% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation Company Profile Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation is a holding company that, through its subsidiaries, provides personal automobile insurance with a focus on the nonstandard market. The Company writes personal automobile insurance with a concentration on nonstandard automobile insurance, mono-line commercial vehicle insurance and classic collector automobile insurance. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding IPCC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation (NASDAQ:IPCC). Receive News & Ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infinity Property and Casualty Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Hermes Investment Management Ltd. Maintains Stake in Aflac Incorporated (AFL) Next » Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Sells 68 Shares of CSRA Inc. (CSRA) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Chase: Denver residents of all ages are… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Denver, Aurora ethics rules Killer gets 3 life sentences Broncos new staff Crowd at Coffman event Analysis: Avs downfall Broncos rookie class Business Economy Chase: Denver residents of all ages are spending, spending, spending Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Tamara Chuang | tchuang@denverpost.com | The Denver Post PUBLISHED: January 9, 2017 at 4:15 pm | UPDATED: January 9, 2017 at 4:33 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Unhappy crowd shows up at Mike Coffman’s regular meeting with constituents Vance Joseph goes big with coaching hires to bring offensive “swagger” back to Denver Joe Woods to be Broncos’ defensive coordinator After massive mountain snow, Colorado’s drought situation — and snowpack — is improving Kickin’ it with Kiz: How would Broncos’ nemesis Philip Rivers look in a Denver uniform? Metro Denver’s housing market developing a split personality, sending rents down and home prices up For the second month, Denver residents charged on their Chase credit cards and used their Chase debit cards at a higher growth rate than the rest of nation, according to JPMorgan Chase Institute, which culled anonymized data from records of its 54 million customers. Restaurants and small businesses saw the biggest gains for Denver consumer spending in September 2016 — with growth rates of 5.01 percent and 7.41 percent from a year ago, respectively. Overall, consumer spending in Denver grew 6.9 percent from the year-ago September. Nationwide, Chase customers were more thrifty, spending 1.5 percent less than they did a year ago, which was the third-largest decline since October 2013. Only one-third of the 15 cities studied had positive growth. Those included Atlanta, Seattle, Phoenix and Portland, Ore. Denver also topped the nation for the highest growth in consumer spending during August, with a 5 percent year-over-year spending growth rate. Related Articles January 15, 2017 Metro Denver’s housing market developing a split personality, sending rents down and home prices up January 15, 2017 Detroit wants something from Trump in exchange for tweets January 13, 2017 Colorado homeowners will get a tax break, thanks to TABOR’s lesser-known cousin. But local governments will be squeezed. January 13, 2017 Climbing mortgage rates take bigger bites from budget, but the news is worse in some places than others January 12, 2017 Metro Denver home prices more overvalued than any time since the 1980s So, what’s happening in Denver? People of all ages are spending money, said Marvin Ward, with the JPMorgan Chase Institute. “Most cities see a negative correlation between age and spending growth, and the same goes for income,” Ward said. “It is unusual to see all groups exhibiting growth, which means baby boomers are growing their spending more in Denver than most of our cities.” Chase noticed a “remarkable growth” in spending for other services too, including transit, telecom, beauty salons and health providers, plus entertainment options like theaters, golf courses, amusement parks and aquariums. “The latter services would bolster the tourism argument, but again, it’s hard to assign causality here,” he said. Screengrab from ChaseJPMorgan Chase found that consumers in Denver spent more than others nationwide on their Chase credit and debit cards during Sept. 2016. The main benefactors were restaurants and small businesses. In an interactive map provided online, Chase showed what Denver residents were spending money on. Paying for fuel declined 7.86 percent. Restaurants were up 5.01 percent. People spent less in their own neighborhood, a decline of 6.6 percent, compared to spending money in a different region, which was up 38.03 percent. Consumers younger than 25 saw the fastest growth rate in spending, at 21.39 percent, compared to those age 65 and older, who spent 3.75 percent more than a year earlier. Tags:  consumer news credit cards JP Morgan Chase Tamara Chuang ​Tamara Chuang covers personal technology and local tech news for The Denver Post. She loves figuring out how things work and explaining them either through words, graphics or video. Find out how to contact her at dpo.st/tamara Follow Tamara Chuang @gadgetress Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Economy Metro Denver’s housing market developing a split personality, sending rents down and home prices up January 15, 2017, 12:04 am Metro Denver’s housing market could diverge in a big way this year, with apartment rent increases slowing to a crawl or even reversing, while home prices continue to race higher. Detroit wants something from Trump in exchange for tweets January 15, 2017, 12:02 am In exchange for submitting to the public cajoling, industry bosses are trying to forge a close relationship with the Trump administration and coax it into adopting much of their regulatory wish list. Colorado homeowners will get a tax break, thanks to TABOR’s lesser-known cousin. But local governments will be squeezed. January 14, 2017, 1:30 am A little-understood provision of the state constitution will provide property tax relief for homeowners across the state next year, but could have cascading financial consequences for virtually all levels of Colorado government. Climbing mortgage rates take bigger bites from budget, but the news is worse in some places than others January 13, 2017, 4:44 pm Mortgage rates have shot up since the last election, requiring home buyers pay more each month today than if they had borrowed in October. But location matters in terms of how much more comes out of pocket. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Shares Bought by American International Group Inc. Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) by 1.1% during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 106,755 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,115 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. owned 0.17% of Cullen/Frost Bankers worth $7,680,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 4.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,153,968 shares of the company’s stock valued at $264,732,000 after buying an additional 188,738 shares in the last quarter. King Luther Capital Management Corp boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 1.7% in the second quarter. King Luther Capital Management Corp now owns 2,296,640 shares of the company’s stock valued at $146,365,000 after buying an additional 39,329 shares in the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 12.7% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 2,109,902 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,786,000 after buying an additional 237,871 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 9.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,109,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,735,000 after buying an additional 183,239 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Cullen/Frost Bankers by 4.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,985,678 shares of the company’s stock valued at $142,850,000 after buying an additional 82,505 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.27% of the company’s stock. Shares of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR) traded down 1.49% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $86.46. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 614,644 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $85.73 and its 200-day moving average is $74.36. Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. has a one year low of $42.41 and a one year high of $90.17. The company has a market capitalization of $5.44 billion, a P/E ratio of 20.10 and a beta of 1.20. Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $1.24 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.16 by $0.08. The business earned $317.78 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $301.04 million. Cullen/Frost Bankers had a return on equity of 9.61% and a net margin of 25.06%. The business’s revenue was up 2.9% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.17 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. will post $4.67 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, December 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, November 30th were given a $0.54 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Monday, November 28th. This represents a $2.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.50%. Cullen/Frost Bankers’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 50.00%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/cullenfrost-bankers-inc-cfr-shares-bought-by-american-international-group-inc.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $100.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Macquarie upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Royal Bank Of Canada lifted their target price on Cullen/Frost Bankers from $70.00 to $75.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a report on Thursday, October 27th. Barclays PLC upgraded Cullen/Frost Bankers from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $71.00 to $89.00 in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Wedbush assumed coverage on Cullen/Frost Bankers in a report on Thursday, October 6th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $68.00 target price for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Cullen/Frost Bankers currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.07. In other news, EVP William L. Perotti sold 13,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.79, for a total value of $1,115,270.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 92,300 shares in the company, valued at $7,918,417. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CFO Jerry Salinas sold 12,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $88.16, for a total value of $1,057,920.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 23,808 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,098,913.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 8.03% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Cullen/Frost Bankers Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc is a financial holding and bank holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, offers commercial and consumer banking services, as well as trust and investment management, insurance, brokerage, mutual funds, leasing, treasury management, capital markets advisory and item processing services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CFR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (NYSE:CFR). Receive News & Ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cullen/Frost Bankers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Prescott Group Capital Management L.L.C. Raises Position in Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. (UEPS) Next » bluebird bio, Inc. (BLUE) Shares Bought by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing MSG Networks Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSG Networks Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Emerald Acquisition Ltd. Decreases Stake in MSG Networks Inc. (MSG) Posted by William Strong on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Emerald Acquisition Ltd. decreased its stake in MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSG) by 1.1% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 95,397 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,092 shares during the period. Emerald Acquisition Ltd.’s holdings in MSG Networks were worth $16,155,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of MSG. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of MSG Networks by 8.0% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 1,356 shares of the company’s stock valued at $234,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in shares of MSG Networks by 17.7% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 401,369 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,241,000 after buying an additional 60,272 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in shares of MSG Networks by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 2,570 shares of the company’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 312 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in shares of MSG Networks by 10.5% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 15,288 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,638,000 after buying an additional 1,455 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of MSG Networks by 13.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,808 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,040,000 after buying an additional 4,972 shares in the last quarter. 86.53% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSG) traded down 0.14% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $174.40. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 78,003 shares. MSG Networks Inc. has a one year low of $139.10 and a one year high of $188.80. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $174.08 and a 200-day moving average of $174.04. The stock’s market cap is $4.18 billion. MSG Networks (NYSE:MSG) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, November 4th. The company reported ($1.19) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($1.15) by $0.04. The firm earned $181.70 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $167.95 million. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 20.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted ($0.06) EPS. On average, analysts forecast that MSG Networks Inc. will post ($0.49) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/emerald-acquisition-ltd-decreases-stake-in-msg-networks-inc-msg.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on MSG shares. Zacks Investment Research raised MSG Networks from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $185.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, October 14th. Albert Fried & Company cut their price objective on MSG Networks from $170.00 to $150.00 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. TheStreet started coverage on MSG Networks in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Jefferies Group reissued a “hold” rating on shares of MSG Networks in a report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, Loop Capital downgraded MSG Networks from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. MSG Networks presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $197.96. About MSG Networks The Madison Square Garden Company is a holding company, which is engaged in live experiences consisting of celebrated venues, sports teams, and entertainment productions. The Company operates in two segments, which include MSG Entertainment and MSG Sports. The MSG Sports segment includes the Company’s professional sports franchises, which include the New York Knicks (the Knicks) of the National Basketball Association (the NBA), the New York Rangers (the Rangers) of the National Hockey League (the NHL), the New York Liberty (the Liberty) of the Women’s National Basketball Association (the WNBA), the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League (the AHL), which is the primary player development team for the Rangers, and the Westchester Knicks, an NBA Development League team. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MSG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MSG Networks Inc. (NYSE:MSG). Receive News & Ratings for MSG Networks Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSG Networks Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous H. Lundbeck A/S- (HLUYY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Next » Heritage-Crystal Clean, Inc. (HCCI) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Why it takes years to save for a down payment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Comic book maker creates a female superhero for Puerto Rico Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Transition of Power Wall Street hates the Volcker Rule. Will Trump finally kill it? by Matt Egan   @mattmegan5 January 9, 2017: 1:32 PM ET The Volcker Rule Explained Big banks shouldn't act like hedge funds by making dangerous bets that can ruin the economy. That's the principle behind the Volcker Rule, a controversial part of the post-crisis Wall Street reform. The rule prohibits banks like Goldman Sachs or JPMorgan from making risky wagers with their own money and bans them owning big stakes in hedge funds or private-equity firms. The banks hate it. Wall Street has bitterly complained about the Volcker Rule for years, arguing it's overly complex and does more harm than good. With Republicans gaining control of Congress and the White House, this key part of Dodd-Frank financial regulation could soon be weakened or be placed on the chopping block. The rule was named after legendary Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker, who came up with the idea and fought hard to include it in Dodd-Frank. But recently, the push to defang the Volcker Rule received support from an unlikely source: the Federal Reserve itself, which is also the chief regulator of the big banks. Staffers at the Fed studied whether it was easy to buy and sell bonds during times of stress, a critical feature for the smooth functioning of financial markets, known as liquidity. The December 22 research paper found that the 2015 implementation of the Volcker Rule had a harmful effect on corporate bond liquidity. Firms subject to the Volcker Rule become "less willing to provide liquidity during stress times," the paper concluded. It's a critical finding, especially considering the 2008 financial crisis was worsened by a liquidity crunch. "That Fed report really does give ammunition to opponents of the Volcker Rule," said Bloomberg Intelligence financial policy analyst Nathan Dean. Related: Elizabeth Warren watchdog under siege Deregulation hopes lift bank stocks While the Fed research was conducted by staffers, policymakers don't often oppose their own staff findings. "This is the regulator dropping bread crumbs to Congress to act," said Thomas Michaud, CEO of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, an investment bank that specializes in financial services. Michaud said the 2008 meltdown has resulted in too much "heavy regulation" and "penalties" for banks. "All you need is to move it into neutral to have a positive effect. It's a lot like my golf game -- It just needs to be less bad," he said. Investors are betting that's exactly what will happen. Hopes of deregulation, in addition higher interest rates and tax cuts, have sent bank stocks skyrocketing since Donald Trump's victory. Morgan Stanley (MS) stock has surged 26% since the election, while Goldman Sachs's (GS) huge rally accounts for nearly one-quarter of the Dow's post-election gains. These are just two of the big banks that would benefit from Congress defanging the Volcker Rule. Related: Big banks counting on love from Trump and Fed Volcker backers: Don't forget Bear Stearns Defenders of financial reform warn against the Volcker Rule disappearing. "Hedge fund-like gambling should not be permitted in the banking space," said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a nonprofit coalition pushing for Wall Street accountability. He pointed to the infamous Bear Stearns hedge fund division that imploded in 2007 after making bad bets on real estate. The failure triggered a loss of confidence and heavy losses for Bear Stearns. Less than a year, later Bear was the first Wall Street firm to collapse during the financial crisis. "We are very concerned about the repeal or dialing back of the Volcker Rule," said Stanley. GOP blueprint calls for Volcker Rule repeal If the Volcker Rule does get watered down, it would likely be part of a broader rewriting of Dodd-Frank. The Financial Choice Act, a key bill championed by House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling, calls for repealing the Volcker Rule entirely. Analysts say the bill wouldn't get through Congress as currently written, but it serves as a key blueprint for efforts to rewrite Dodd-Frank. Its success could hinge on whether Democrats are willing to negotiate. Elizabeth Warren and other champions of Wall Street reform could impede such a bill by choosing to filibuster. Liberal groups are already signaling they will fight to keep the Volcker Rule. The Progressive Change Campaign Committee told CNNMoney that overturning the rule would be "blatant proof that Trump favors corporate profits at the expense of American working families." Related: Trump wants to unshackle Main Street banks Trump could choose not to enforce Volcker Rule Of course, big banks wouldn't object to getting rid of the Volcker Rule. "We're not specifically pushing for the elimination of it, although it's fine if that happens," Francis Creighton, head of Wall Street lobbying group Financial Services Roundtable, told CNNMoney. Creighton complained that the Volcker Rule has led to "massive costs inside financial institutions that make it harder to serve customers." He said concerns about banks betting with their own money -- a practice known as proprietary trading -- have been resolved by "punishing" capital rules that make these types of trades unattractive. "Prop trading is gone. We're not looking for it to come back," Creighton said. Wells Fargo (WFC)CEO Tim Sloan specifically cited the Volcker Rule as one of many parts of financial regulation he wants Trump to dial back. "You kind of scratch your head and say, 'Is there really a lot of added benefit to that?" Sloan said last month. Even if Congress doesn't kill Dodd Frank, Trump could undermine it by picking regulators who choose not to enforce it. "You could unravel the Volcker Rule by just downgrading enforcement of it," said Stanley. CNNMoney (New York) First published January 9, 2017: 12:49 PM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht BuzzFeed editor: We're 'proud' to publish Trump memos Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 Jaw-dropping cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Wall Street hates the Volcker Rule. Will Trump finally kill it? Wall Street hates the Volcker Rule. Will Trump finally kill it? Posted on Monday, January 9, 2017 by CNN in Business News Big banks shouldn’t act like hedge funds by making dangerous bets that can ruin the economy. That’s the principle behind the Volcker Rule, a controversial part of the post-crisis Wall Street reform. The rule prohibits banks like Goldman Sachs or JPMorgan from making risky wagers with their own money and bans them owning big stakes in hedge funds or private-equity firms. The banks hate it. Wall Street has bitterly complained about the Volcker Rule for years, arguing it’s overly complex and does more harm than good. With Republicans gaining control of Congress and the White House, this key part of Dodd-Frank financial regulation could soon be weakened or be placed on the chopping block. The rule was named after legendary Federal Reserve chairman Paul Volcker, who came up with the idea and fought hard to include it in Dodd-Frank. But recently, the push to defang the Volcker Rule received support from an unlikely source: the Federal Reserve itself, which is also the chief regulator of the big banks. Staffers at the Fed studied whether it was easy to buy and sell bonds during times of stress, a critical feature for the smooth functioning of financial markets, known as liquidity. The December 22 research paper found that the 2015 implementation of the Volcker Rule had a harmful effect on corporate bond liquidity. Firms subject to the Volcker Rule become “less willing to provide liquidity during stress times,” the paper concluded. It’s a critical finding, especially considering the 2008 financial crisis was worsened by a liquidity crunch. “That Fed report really does give ammunition to opponents of the Volcker Rule,” said Bloomberg Intelligence financial policy analyst Nathan Dean. Deregulation hopes lift bank stocks While the Fed research was conducted by staffers, policymakers don’t often oppose their own staff findings. “This is the regulator dropping bread crumbs to Congress to act,” said Thomas Michaud, CEO of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, an investment bank that specializes in financial services. Michaud said the 2008 meltdown has resulted in too much “heavy regulation” and “penalties” for banks. “All you need is to move it into neutral to have a positive effect. It’s a lot like my golf game — It just needs to be less bad,” he said. Investors are betting that’s exactly what will happen. Hopes of deregulation, in addition higher interest rates and tax cuts, have sent bank stocks skyrocketing since Donald Trump’s victory. Morgan Stanley stock has surged 26% since the election, while Goldman Sachs’s huge rally accounts for nearly one-quarter of the Dow’s post-election gains. These are just two of the big banks that would benefit from Congress defanging the Volcker Rule. Volcker backers: Don’t forget Bear Stearns Defenders of financial reform warn against the Volcker Rule disappearing. “Hedge fund-like gambling should not be permitted in the banking space,” said Marcus Stanley, policy director at Americans for Financial Reform, a nonprofit coalition pushing for Wall Street accountability. He pointed to the infamous Bear Stearns hedge fund division that imploded in 2007 after making bad bets on real estate. The failure triggered a loss of confidence and heavy losses for Bear Stearns. Less than a year, later Bear was the first Wall Street firm to collapse during the financial crisis. “We are very concerned about the repeal or dialing back of the Volcker Rule,” said Stanley. GOP blueprint calls for Volcker Rule repeal If the Volcker Rule does get watered down, it would likely be part of a broader rewriting of Dodd-Frank. The Financial Choice Act, a key bill championed by House Financial Services Chairman Jeb Hensarling, calls for repealing the Volcker Rule entirely. Analysts say the bill wouldn’t get through Congress as currently written, but it serves as a key blueprint for efforts to rewrite Dodd-Frank. Its success could hinge on whether Democrats are willing to negotiate. Elizabeth Warren and other champions of Wall Street reform could impede such a bill by choosing to filibuster. Liberal groups are already signaling they will fight to keep the Volcker Rule. The Progressive Change Campaign Committee told CNNMoney that overturning the rule would be “blatant proof that Trump favors corporate profits at the expense of American working families.” Trump could choose not to enforce Volcker Rule Of course, big banks wouldn’t object to getting rid of the Volcker Rule. “We’re not specifically pushing for the elimination of it, although it’s fine if that happens,” Francis Creighton, head of Wall Street lobbying group Financial Services Roundtable, told CNNMoney. Creighton complained that the Volcker Rule has led to “massive costs inside financial institutions that make it harder to serve customers.” He said concerns about banks betting with their own money — a practice known as proprietary trading — have been resolved by “punishing” capital rules that make these types of trades unattractive. “Prop trading is gone. We’re not looking for it to come back,” Creighton said. Wells Fargo CEO Tim Sloan specifically cited the Volcker Rule as one of many parts of financial regulation he wants Trump to dial back. “You kind of scratch your head and say, ‘Is there really a lot of added benefit to that?” Sloan said last month. Even if Congress doesn’t kill Dodd Frank, Trump could undermine it by picking regulators who choose not to enforce it. “You could unravel the Volcker Rule by just downgrading enforcement of it,” said Stanley. Alibaba's Jack Ma met with Trump to talk jobs Alibaba's Jack Ma meets with Trump Related Posts How low will oil fall? $30 is possible OPEC won’t flinch from oil market fight Tiger Woods is STILL the worst highest-paid athlete Geico accused of discriminating against low-income drivers Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in U.S. case tied to JPMorgan hack Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 11:41am EST Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in U.S. case tied to JPMorgan hack Anthony Murgio arrives for a hearing at the Manhattan Federal Courthouse in New York, March 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid By Nate Raymond | NEW YORK NEW YORK A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co(JPM.N). Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was to face trial. Under a plea agreement, Murgio agreed not to appeal any prison sentence of about 12-1/2 years in prison or less. U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled his sentencing for June 16. The Tampa, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. Prosecutors said Murgio operated Coin.mx, which without a license exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin, including for victims of ransomware, a computer virus that seeks payment, often in the virtual currency, to unlock data it restricts. Prosecutors said Coin.mx was operated from 2013 to 2015 through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club," to trick financial institutions into believing it was a members-only group interested in collectables like stamps. Coin.mx was owned by Israeli citizen Gery Shalon, according to prosecutors, who say he and Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies. An attack on JPMorgan resulted in the information of more than 100 million people being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Murgio, who was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, was tied not only to Shalon but also to Aaron. Both men attended Florida State University, and in 2008 they formed a business together. On his website, Murgio called Aaron "my friend" and said he "showed me the ropes to online marketing." Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. The case is U.S. v. Murgio et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler) Next In Technology News U.S. insurers get inside cars, mouths, grocery carts in profit search NEW YORK Twice a day, Scott Ozawa's Bluetooth-enabled toothbrush tells his dental insurer if he brushed for a full two minutes. In return, the 41-year-old software engineer gets free brush heads and the employer which bought his insurance gets premium discounts. Facebook Germany says it will start tackling fake news in weeks FRANKFURT Facebook said on Sunday it would update its social media platforms in Germany within weeks to reduce the dissemination of fake news. SpaceX returns to flight, sending satellites into orbit A SpaceX Falcon rocket blasted off from California on Saturday, returning the company to flight for the first time since a fiery launchpad explosion in September. The 230-foot (70-meter) rocket launched from VandenbergAir Force Base at 9:54 a.m. PST (1754 GMT) to deliver 10satellites into orbit for Iridium Communications Inc. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilt in U.S. case tied to JPMorgan hack By Reuters Published: 11:24 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 11:24 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail NEW YORK, Jan 9 (Reuters) - A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, one prosecutors say was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a computer hacking scheme that led to an attack on JPMorgan Chase & Co. Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was set to face trial. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Constellation Brands Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Third Point LLC Buys 200,000 Shares of Constellation Brands Inc (STZ) Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Third Point LLC boosted its stake in shares of Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) by 10.0% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,200,000 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 200,000 shares during the period. Constellation Brands accounts for approximately 3.2% of Third Point LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 7th largest position. Third Point LLC’s holdings in Constellation Brands were worth $366,278,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of STZ. FMR LLC increased its position in Constellation Brands by 0.7% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 10,667,795 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,764,453,000 after buying an additional 71,739 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Constellation Brands by 1.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 10,580,295 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,749,982,000 after buying an additional 191,324 shares during the last quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC increased its position in Constellation Brands by 13.1% in the second quarter. Lone Pine Capital LLC now owns 6,666,012 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,102,558,000 after buying an additional 769,791 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Constellation Brands by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 4,618,946 shares of the company’s stock valued at $769,008,000 after buying an additional 123,739 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Constellation Brands by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,100,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $683,228,000 after buying an additional 292,181 shares during the last quarter. 73.46% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ) opened at 149.44 on Monday. Constellation Brands Inc has a 1-year low of $130.23 and a 1-year high of $173.55. The company has a market capitalization of $29.30 billion, a PE ratio of 23.13 and a beta of 0.50. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $152.77 and its 200 day moving average price is $161.29. Constellation Brands (NYSE:STZ) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, January 5th. The company reported $1.96 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.72 by $0.24. Constellation Brands had a net margin of 16.65% and a return on equity of 19.07%. The firm had revenue of $1.81 billion for the quarter. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.42 EPS. Constellation Brands’s quarterly revenue was up 10.4% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Constellation Brands Inc will post $6.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, February 23rd. Shareholders of record on Monday, January 9th will be given a dividend of $0.40 per share. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.07%. Constellation Brands’s dividend payout ratio is currently 24.73%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/third-point-llc-buys-200000-shares-of-constellation-brands-inc-stz.html. Several equities analysts have recently commented on STZ shares. Pivotal Research reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $200.00 target price on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Bank of America Corporation reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $195.00 target price on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Thursday, October 6th. Zacks Investment Research raised Constellation Brands from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $171.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Thursday, September 15th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $165.00 price target (down previously from $183.00) on shares of Constellation Brands in a research report on Sunday. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $180.10. Constellation Brands Company Profile Constellation Brands, Inc is an international beverage alcohol company. The Company is a producer and marketer of beer and wine the United States and Canada. Its segments include Beer, Wine and Spirits, and Corporate Operations and Other. It is a multi-category supplier (beer, wine and spirits) of beverage alcohol in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding STZ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Constellation Brands Inc (NYSE:STZ). Receive News & Ratings for Constellation Brands Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Constellation Brands Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Morgan Stanley Has $416,945,000 Position in Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) Next » Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Shares Sold by Teachers Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Year's Biggest Healthcare Conference Commences This Week; Here's What You Need To Know Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 09, 2017 6:33am   Comments Share: The 35th JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) Healthcare Conference gets underway on January 9 and will go on until January 13. Touted as the life science industry's largest conferences of the year, the event showcases innovations of healthcare companies, which are out to scout for their next partners or investors. Why Attendance Matters? The conference, one of the oldest held in San Francisco usually in the second week of January, will be attended by thousands of investors and executives from around the world. The conference provides a platform for discussing deals and partnerships. More importantly, companies see the conference as an opportunity to present their product candidates before investors and executives who are seeking an attractive opportunity. More than the events organized at the headquarters, several parallel events such as Biotech Showcase, Medtech Showcase, RESI, etc. will draw people. Alternatively, people may also schedule one-to-one meetings with the conference attendees, who are key decision markers at their respective companies. Major Takeaways From The 2016 Conference Last year's conference allayed fears concerning gene therapy stemming from some botched clinical trial results. Companies such as bluebird bio Inc (NASDAQ: BLUE) and Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: ONCE) affirmed the prospects of the therapy at the conference. Novartis AG (ADR) (NYSE: NVS) CEO Joe Jimenez said at the conference, "Tech companies, with the digitization of healthcare, are coming in from a different angle, and it's going to be an area where we have to watch leverage and pay real attention." The now scuttled deal between Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and Allergan plc Ordinary Shares (NYSE: AGN) was discussed by the respective CEOs at the conference. Express Scripts Holding Company (NASDAQ: ESRX) shares took a tumble, dropping close to 7 percent, after Anthem Inc (NYSE: ANTM)'s CEO took a shot at the former at the conference for not passing on more savings it negotiates from drug makers. Anthem threatened to ditch Express Scripts if the latter could not deliver $3 billion more per year in cost savings on drugs. What to Watch For In 2017 Celgene Corporation (NASDAQ: CELG), which usually kickstarts the conference, will present a business update in addition to unaudited 2016 financial results and an updated financial outlook at 10:30 a.m. ET on January 9. Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE: MRK)'s CEO Kenneth Frazier and Dr. Roger Perlmutter, president, Merck Research Laboratories, are scheduled to participate at 4:00 p.m. PST (7:00 p.m. EST) on January 9. Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ: ALXN) will present at 8:00 a.m. PT (11:00 a.m. ET) on January 9. Immediately following the presentation, the company will webcast the Q&A breakout session at 8:30 a.m. PT (11:30 a.m. ET). Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc (NASDAQ: WBA) Executive Vice Chairman and CEO Stefano Pessina, and Co-Chief Operating Officer Alex Gourlay scheduled to appear at 10:30 a.m. PT (1:30 p.m. ET) on January 11. Pfizer Inc. has scheduled a discussion with Albert Bourla, group president, Pfizer Innovative Health; Frank D'Amelio, executive vice president, business operations, and chief financial officer; and Mikael Dolsten, president, worldwide research and development at 10:30 PT, January 10. Sarepta Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ: SRPT) CEO Edward Kaye is scheduled to present at 7:30 a.m. PT (10:30 a.m. ET) on January 10. The company's lead drug candidate Eteplirsen to treat Duchenne Muscular Dystrophy (DMD) in patients who have a confirmed mutation of the DMD gene received accelerated approval in September last. Gilead Sciences, Inc.'s (NASDAQ: GILD) President and Chief Executive Officer John Milligan, will provide an overview of the company at the conference at 10:30 a.m. PT (1:30 p.m. ET) on January 9. Posted-In: Biotech News Education Health Care Previews Events Movers Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (ALXN + AGN) 5 Manufacturing Stocks With 25% Upside Potential Here Are Some Of Leon Cooperman's Top Stock Picks For 2017 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session Allergan Poised To End 2016 With A 5-Day Rally Which Wall Street Firm Made The Best Stock Picks Of 2016? View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Trending Recent 1 DMTX, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 2 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Trade Loss 3 PODD, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Mo... 4 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations For Apple's... 5 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 6 SNAK, JPM: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Tur... 7 SHV: A New ETF That's An Alternat... 1 JPM, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 PODD, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bil... 6 IBM, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTODY, NTDOY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Mostly Lower Ahead Of Fed Speakers Barron's Picks And Pans: Amgen, Barnes & Noble, Expedia And More
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish lira hits record low, EM stocks slip Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 5:36am EST EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish lira hits record low, EM stocks slip By Claire Milhench | LONDON LONDON Jan 9 The Turkish lira hit record lows against the dollar on Monday as expectations of faster tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve added to domestic economic and political pressures/ Emerging market equities in general slipped 0.4 percent. The lira was down more than 2 percent to 3.72 to the dollar after Friday's data showed U.S. wages rose in December prompting U.S. rate hike expectations. . "The lira has always been one of the most exposed EM currencies to any sign that monetary policy in the U.S. will tighten because of its large external financing requirement," said William Jackson, senior emerging markets economist at Capital Economics. "(Turkish) domestic policy-making is playing a role too as it seems the central bank is responding to political pressure not to raise interest rates, so it is likely to be behind the curve in reacting to pressure in the currency," he added. The lira lost 3.2 percent last week, pounded by higher-than-expected inflation and security fears after a series of gun and bomb attacks. The economy has remained sluggish, with a smaller-than-expected rise in industrial production in November, whilst Moody's has warned that bank profits will be hit by increased non-performing loans. Turkish 5-year credit default swaps rose 3 basis points (bps) from Friday's close to 273 bps, whilst the yield premium paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified widened out 9 bps to 359 bps. The stronger dollar and expectations of faster Fed tightening also created headwinds for other vulnerable emerging market currencies and contributed to more subdued investor appetite for riskier assets, with the benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.4 percent. The yield premium on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified also widened out 3 bps to 327 bps. The Mexican peso, which remains vulnerable to any restrictions on trade, weakened 0.23 percent. It was still trading above record lows hit last week, which had prompted the Mexican central bank to intervene. On Friday, Trump said Mexico repeated that Mexico would repay the United States for his planned border wall , capping a week in which carmaker Ford cancelled a planned factory in Mexico following criticism from Trump. China's onshore yuan slipped 0.24 percent and the offshore yuan gave back some of the sharp gains it made last week. But borrowing costs retreated from record highs, with overnight yuan deposit rates falling to around 10 percent from Friday's high of 87 percent. In recent weeks the Chinese authorities have intervened in both onshore and offshore currency markets by selling dollars aggressively to prevent the yuan from depreciating too quickly, with Trump vowing to label China a currency manipulator. Data released at the weekend showed China's foreign exchange reserves fell for a sixth consecutive month in December to near-six year lows of $3.011 trillion. Central bank adviser Fan Gong said the decline in forex reserves was good news in the long-run, adding that the yuan had been overvalued for the last three or four years. Chinese mainland stocks were up about 0.5 percent and Hong Kong shares rose 0.25 percent, with China confident it reached 6.7 percent economic growth in 2016. The Russian rouble weakened 0.6 percent versus the dollar and Moscow dollar-denominated stocks retreated 0.8 percent with oil prices falling 1.7 percent to around $56 a barrel. Trump has now accepted that Russia engaged in cyber attacks during the U.S. presidential election and may take action in response. This may prompt a reversal of the view that Western sanctions on Russia will soon be lifted. The South African rand slipped 0.3 percent against the dollar. Over the weekend the chances of President Jacob Zuma's ex-wife becoming the next leader of the ruling ANC party were given a boost with an endorsement from the party's women's division. Zuma also called for an end to ANC infighting. The Polish zloty weakened 0.4 percent against the euro. The central bank is seen keeping interest rates on hold at a record low of 1.5 percent at its rate setting meeting on Wednesday. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2016, see tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2016, see tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see ) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 877.74 -3.37 -0.38 +1.79 Czech Rep 937.06 -0.46 -0.05 +1.68 Poland 2001.16 +2.40 +0.12 +2.73 Hungary 32808.78 -47.09 -0.14 +2.52 Romania 7239.86 +20.59 +0.29 +2.19 Greece 654.43 -5.87 -0.89 +1.68 Russia 1162.39 -10.20 -0.87 +0.87 South Africa 44471.07 +14.58 +0.03 +1.30 Turkey 76918.17 -188.40 -0.24 -1.56 China 3171.60 +17.28 +0.55 +2.19 India 26729.11 -30.12 -0.11 +0.39 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 27.00 27.01 +0.03 +0.02 Poland 4.38 4.35 -0.55 +0.64 Hungary 307.85 307.03 -0.27 +0.32 Romania 4.50 4.50 +0.04 +0.74 Serbia 123.56 123.65 +0.07 -0.17 Russia 59.95 59.56 -0.66 +2.19 Kazakhstan 331.80 331.31 -0.15 +0.56 Ukraine 26.90 26.90 -0.00 +0.37 South Africa 13.79 13.73 -0.45 -0.44 Kenya 103.75 103.60 -0.14 -1.33 Israel 3.86 3.84 -0.45 -0.17 Turkey 3.72 3.64 -2.17 -5.28 China 6.93 6.92 -0.24 +0.13 India 68.20 68.09 -0.16 -0.37 Brazil 3.22 3.22 +0.00 +0.91 Mexico 21.30 21.22 -0.39 -2.75 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 353 3 .06 7 47.88 1 Next In Bonds News GLOBAL MARKETS-Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY, Jan 16 Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. UK M&A to drop sharply in 2017 as investors await Brexit clarity - Baker McKenzie LONDON, Jan 16 Mergers and acquisitions activity in the United Kingdom will drop sharply in 2017 due to uncertainty over the terms of its exit from the European Union, law firm Baker McKenzie said in a report published on Monday. UK charity reports jump in demand for debt advice LONDON, Jan 16 The number of Britons seeking guidance on how to tackle their debts has risen sharply from last year, the country's leading debt advice charity said on Monday, in a possible sign of growing pressure on households as inflation picks up. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch January 9, 2017, 5:30 AM A “jaw-dropping” credit card bonus is about to expire Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email When JPMorgan Chase (JPM) introduced its Chase Sapphire Reserve credit card last year, it quickly climbed to the top of the elite credit-card heap because of its generous sign-up bonus.  The card offers 100,000 rewards points, which translates into a travel reward valued at $1,500 for people who spend $4,000 on the card within the first three months. But starting on January 12, Chase is slashing the reward bonus to 50,000 points, which means consumers who have been sitting on the fence may want to apply before January 11, said NerdWallet credit and banking expert Sean McQuay.  How you can score free trips with credit card rewards “It’s an eye-popping, jaw-dropping sign-up bonus,” McQuay said. “That card went from not existing to being the most popular premium credit card on the market overnight.” While Chase succeeded in propelling its card into the wallets of thousands of well-heeled consumers, that popularity has come with a downside for the bank: JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said last month that the card would lower the company’s fourth-quarter profits by $200 million. That helps explain why the bank is slashing the card’s sign-up bonus in half starting on Thursday.  Even without the huge 100,000-point bonus, the card will remain a good deal for some consumers, McQuay noted.  7 times you shouldn't use your credit card “At that point, on January 12, it’s still the best travel card on the market, but I think most Americans are better off with a cash-back card” because they tend to have no annual fee, he said. The Chase Sapphire Reserve card may continue to make sense for consumers who can afford its hefty annual fee, which stands at $450, and who also travel regularly. It’s also important to understand that the bonus is contingent on spending $4,000 within the first three months, which might only make sense for consumers who plan to make a large purchase soon after signing up.  While the rewards points bonus will be slashed, other perks will remain past January 12, such as a $300 credit each year for any travel spending a card holder puts on the card. Other perks include access to airport lounges through the Priority Pass network and $100 for paying for TSA Pre-Check or Global Entry.  © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Public trust in institutions sinks to a record low Davos forum's founder: "Listen to the populists" Internet, animal rights helped shut down Ringling Bros. Moody's to pay nearly $864M to settle claims it inflated ratings Sony CEO to step down to lead Snapchat parent company Market News Moneywatch Spotlight What to buy every month of the year in 2017 The 10 hottest U.S. real estate markets in 2017 7 head turners at the Detroit Auto Show 9 homes that upset the neighbors 11 jobs that pay at least $100K at top U.S. employers Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EMERGING MARKETS-Turkish lira hits record low, EM stocks slip By Reuters Published: 05:36 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 05:36 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Claire Milhench LONDON, Jan 9 (Reuters) - The Turkish lira hit record lows against the dollar on Monday as expectations of faster tightening by the U.S. Federal Reserve added to domestic economic and political pressures/ Emerging market equities in general slipped 0.4 percent. The lira was down more than 2 percent to 3.72 to the dollar after Friday's data showed U.S. wages rose in December prompting U.S. rate hike expectations. . "The lira has always been one of the most exposed EM currencies to any sign that monetary policy in the U.S. will tighten because of its large external financing requirement," said William Jackson, senior emerging markets economist at Capital Economics. "(Turkish) domestic policy-making is playing a role too as it seems the central bank is responding to political pressure not to raise interest rates, so it is likely to be behind the curve in reacting to pressure in the currency," he added. The lira lost 3.2 percent last week, pounded by higher-than-expected inflation and security fears after a series of gun and bomb attacks. The economy has remained sluggish, with a smaller-than-expected rise in industrial production in November, whilst Moody's has warned that bank profits will be hit by increased non-performing loans. Turkish 5-year credit default swaps rose 3 basis points (bps) from Friday's close to 273 bps, whilst the yield premium paid by Turkish sovereign bonds over U.S. Treasuries on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified widened out 9 bps to 359 bps. The stronger dollar and expectations of faster Fed tightening also created headwinds for other vulnerable emerging market currencies and contributed to more subdued investor appetite for riskier assets, with the benchmark emerging stocks index down 0.4 percent. The yield premium on the JPMorgan EMBI Global Diversified also widened out 3 bps to 327 bps. The Mexican peso, which remains vulnerable to any restrictions on trade, weakened 0.23 percent. It was still trading above record lows hit last week, which had prompted the Mexican central bank to intervene. On Friday, Trump said Mexico repeated that Mexico would repay the United States for his planned border wall , capping a week in which carmaker Ford cancelled a planned factory in Mexico following criticism from Trump. China's onshore yuan slipped 0.24 percent and the offshore yuan gave back some of the sharp gains it made last week. But borrowing costs retreated from record highs, with overnight yuan deposit rates falling to around 10 percent from Friday's high of 87 percent. In recent weeks the Chinese authorities have intervened in both onshore and offshore currency markets by selling dollars aggressively to prevent the yuan from depreciating too quickly, with Trump vowing to label China a currency manipulator. Data released at the weekend showed China's foreign exchange reserves fell for a sixth consecutive month in December to near-six year lows of $3.011 trillion. Central bank adviser Fan Gong said the decline in forex reserves was good news in the long-run, adding that the yuan had been overvalued for the last three or four years. Chinese mainland stocks were up about 0.5 percent and Hong Kong shares rose 0.25 percent, with China confident it reached 6.7 percent economic growth in 2016. The Russian rouble weakened 0.6 percent versus the dollar and Moscow dollar-denominated stocks retreated 0.8 percent with oil prices falling 1.7 percent to around $56 a barrel. Trump has now accepted that Russia engaged in cyber attacks during the U.S. presidential election and may take action in response. This may prompt a reversal of the view that Western sanctions on Russia will soon be lifted. The South African rand slipped 0.3 percent against the dollar. Over the weekend the chances of President Jacob Zuma's ex-wife becoming the next leader of the ruling ANC party were given a boost with an endorsement from the party's women's division. Zuma also called for an end to ANC infighting. The Polish zloty weakened 0.4 percent against the euro. The central bank is seen keeping interest rates on hold at a record low of 1.5 percent at its rate setting meeting on Wednesday. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2016, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2016, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see ) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 877.74 -3.37 -0.38 +1.79 Czech Rep 937.06 -0.46 -0.05 +1.68 Poland 2001.16 +2.40 +0.12 +2.73 Hungary 32808.78 -47.09 -0.14 +2.52 Romania 7239.86 +20.59 +0.29 +2.19 Greece 654.43 -5.87 -0.89 +1.68 Russia 1162.39 -10.20 -0.87 +0.87 South Africa 44471.07 +14.58 +0.03 +1.30 Turkey 76918.17 -188.40 -0.24 -1.56 China 3171.60 +17.28 +0.55 +2.19 India 26729.11 -30.12 -0.11 +0.39 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 27.00 27.01 +0.03 +0.02 Poland 4.38 4.35 -0.55 +0.64 Hungary 307.85 307.03 -0.27 +0.32 Romania 4.50 4.50 +0.04 +0.74 Serbia 123.56 123.65 +0.07 -0.17 Russia 59.95 59.56 -0.66 +2.19 Kazakhstan 331.80 331.31 -0.15 +0.56 Ukraine 26.90 26.90 -0.00 +0.37 South Africa 13.79 13.73 -0.45 -0.44 Kenya 103.75 103.60 -0.14 -1.33 Israel 3.86 3.84 -0.45 -0.17 Turkey 3.72 3.64 -2.17 -5.28 China 6.93 6.92 -0.24 +0.13 India 68.20 68.09 -0.16 -0.37 Brazil 3.22 3.22 +0.00 +0.91 Mexico 21.30 21.22 -0.39 -2.75 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 353 3 .06 7 47.88 1 Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Midde East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Upward Trend Over for the Time Being By HEFFX Australia on January 9, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Upward Trend Over for the Time Being Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards. Short term: Prices are moving. Intermediate term: Prices are trending. Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside. The projected upper bound is: 89.48. The projected lower bound is: 83.45. The projected closing price is: 86.47. Candlesticks A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened). During the past 10 bars, there have been 4 white candles and 6 black candles for a net of 2 black candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 28 white candles and 22 black candles for a net of 6 white candles. Three black candles occurred in the last three days. Although these candles were not big enough to create three black crows, the steady downward pattern is bearish. Momentum Indicators Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators. Stochastic Oscillator One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 47.8590. This is not an overbought or oversold reading. The last signal was a sell 5 period(s) ago. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 62.88. This is not a topping or bottoming area. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago. Commodity Channel Index (CCI) The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is -15. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 6 period(s) ago. MACD The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a sell 14 period(s) ago. Rex Takasugi – TD Profile JPMORGAN CHASE closed up 0.010 at 86.120. Volume was 28% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 50% narrower than normal. Open High Low Close Volume___ 86.480 86.620 85.940 86.120 3,551,175 Technical Outlook Short Term: Neutral Intermediate Term: Bearish Long Term: Bullish Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period Close: 86.61 79.91 68.09 Volatility: 11 25 25 Volume: 4,321,133 5,295,271 4,548,445 Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon. Summary JPMORGAN CHASE is currently 26.5% above its 200-period moving average and is in an downward trend. Volatility is low as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect volume flowing into and out of JPM.N at a relatively equal pace (neutral). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bearish on JPM.N and have had this outlook for the last 1 periods.   JPMorgan Chase & Co, news, NYSE, nyse:jpm, outlook, shayne heffernan, trading JPMorgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) Upward Trend Over for the Time Being added by HEFFX Australia on January 9, 2017 View all posts by HEFFX Australia → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts HEFFX Australia HEFFX has become one of Asia’s leading financial services companies with interests in Publishing, Private Equity, Capital Markets, Mining, Retail, Transport and Agriculture that span every continent of the world. Our clearing partners have unprecedented experience in Equities, Options, Forex and Commodities brokering, banking, physical metals dealing, floor brokering and trading. Latest posts by HEFFX Australia (see all) RCG Corporation Ltd (ASX:RCG) Heffx Trading Outlook - January 15, 2017 Fisher & Paykel Healthcare Corp (ASX:FPH) Heffx Trading Outlook - January 15, 2017 Webjet Limited (ASX:WEB) Heffx Technical Analysis with Candlesticks - January 15, 2017 Related posts: DSW Inc (NYSE:DSW) Time to Buy Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) Heffx Technical Analysis Bank of America Corp(NYSE:BAC) Upward Trend Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) Heffx Trading Outlook Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy Dermira Inc. (DERM) CEO Sold $343,090.00 in Stock January 9, 2017 Susan G. Crespo Dermira Inc. (NASDAQ:DERM) CEO Thomas G. Wiggans sold 11,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of $31.19, for a total value of $343,090.00. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Dermira Inc. (NASDAQ:DERM) opened at 28.67 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $33.27 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.96. Dermira Inc. has a 52-week low of $17.42 and a 52-week high of $36.16. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.01 billion. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Prudential Financial Inc. boosted its position in shares of Dermira by 3.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 8,937 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $302,000 after buying an additional 310 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Dermira by 185.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,150 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $343,000 after buying an additional 6,592 shares during the period. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Dermira by 1.0% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 131,172 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,436,000 after buying an additional 1,325 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Dermira during the third quarter valued at about $269,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Dermira by 27.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 170,451 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $5,764,000 after buying an additional 36,812 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 82.50% of the company’s stock. Several analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Dermira from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, August 2nd. Leerink Swann restated a “buy” rating on shares of Dermira in a research report on Wednesday, October 5th. Finally, Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $46.00 price objective on shares of Dermira in a research report on Wednesday, September 21st. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $41.00. Dermira Company Profile Business Post navigation Cirrus Logic Inc. (CRUS) Director Sold $435,280.00 in Stock Berkshire Hills Bancorp, Inc. (BHLB) Director Sold $442,800.00 in Stock Related posts January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The Lumos Networks Corp. (LMOS) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS) from a hold rating to a... January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (NASDAQ:LMRK) from a sell rating to... January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The ManTech International Corp. (MANT) Lowered by The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ManTech International Corp. (NASDAQ:MANT) from a buy rating to a... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Lumos Networks Corp. (LMOS) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research The Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research The ManTech International Corp. (MANT) Lowered by The Zacks Investment Research The MannKind Corp.’s (MNKD) “Underweight” Rating Reiterate at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Earns Neutral Rating from Dougherty & Co The Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (GLMD) Rating Decreased to Hold at The Zacks Investment Research The Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) Rating Reiterate by National Securities The Forterra Inc (FRTA) Coverage Initiated at Citigroup Inc. The Aptose Biosciences Inc (APS) PT Decreased to C$16.00 The Citigroup Inc. Analysts Give Iberdrola SA (IBE) a €7.00 Price Target The Nord/LB Analysts Give RWE AG (RWE) a €16.00 Price Target The Nokia Corporation (NOKIA) Given a €5.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Fresnillo Plc (FNLPF) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC The FirstCash’s (FCFS) “Buy” Rating Reiterate at JMP Securities The 600 Shares of MasterCard Inc. (MA) are sold by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. The Eltek Ltd. (ELTK) Releases Earnings Results The Tygh Capital Management Inc. cuts position of Chuy’s Holdings Inc. (CHUY) The Tygh Capital Management Inc. Cuts Position in U.S. Silica Holdings Inc. (SLCA) The Tygh Capital Management Inc. invests in 40 by purchasing The Middleby Corp. (MIDD) shares The Tygh Capital Management Inc. Sold shares of DSP Group Inc. (DSPG) © DailyQuint.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance - finmin official Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Bonds News | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 2:13am EST Indonesia bars JPMorgan from next dollar sukuk issuance - finmin official JAKARTA Jan 9 Indonesia has barred investment bank JPMorgan Chase & Co from submitting an underwriting proposal for its next U.S. dollar sukuk issuance, a finance ministry official said on Monday. "The point is (JPMorgan) will no longer do business with the government," said Suahasil Nazara, head of the fiscal policy office at the ministry of finance. The comments come after a November downgrade by the U.S. bank in its Indonesian stocks recommendation to "underweight" from "overweight". The government has asked other banks to submit proposals by Thursday for a planned U.S. dollar sukuk offering, IFR, a Thomson Reuters publication wrote on Monday. (Reporting by Hidayat Setiaji; Writing by Kanupriya Kapoor; Editing by Jacqueline Wong) Next In Bonds News GLOBAL MARKETS-Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity SYDNEY, Jan 16 Sterling slid to three-month lows in Asia on Monday with investors again spooked by concerns over Britain's exit from the European Union, while U.S. policy uncertainty lingered ahead of President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration. UK M&A to drop sharply in 2017 as investors await Brexit clarity - Baker McKenzie LONDON, Jan 16 Mergers and acquisitions activity in the United Kingdom will drop sharply in 2017 due to uncertainty over the terms of its exit from the European Union, law firm Baker McKenzie said in a report published on Monday. UK charity reports jump in demand for debt advice LONDON, Jan 16 The number of Britons seeking guidance on how to tackle their debts has risen sharply from last year, the country's leading debt advice charity said on Monday, in a possible sign of growing pressure on households as inflation picks up. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Citigroup Inc. Boosts Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Price Target to $975.00 January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) had its price objective boosted by Citigroup Inc. from $910.00 to $975.00 in a report published on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. J P Morgan Chase & Co reissued a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Tuesday, September 27th. Moffett Nathanson restated a buy rating and set a $925.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, September 23rd. restated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, September 23rd. Jefferies Group restated a buy rating on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Friday, September 9th. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald restated a buy rating and set a $1,000.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a research report on Wednesday, October 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and forty-four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Alphabet currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of $939.51. Shares of Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) opened at 806.15 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $555.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.51 and a beta of 0.93. Alphabet has a 52-week low of $663.06 and a 52-week high of $816.68. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $779.29 and a 200-day moving average of $765.14. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $9.06 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $8.62 by $0.44. The firm earned $22.45 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.17 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 15.08% and a net margin of 22.29%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 20.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $7.35 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Alphabet will post $34.46 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Citigroup Inc. Boosts Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Price Target to $975.00” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/citigroup-inc-boosts-alphabet-inc-goog-price-target-to-975-00.html. In related news, VP James Grier Campbell sold 194 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $744.59, for a total transaction of $144,450.46. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, Director Ann Mather sold 43 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $788.10, for a total value of $33,888.30. Following the sale, the director now owns 1,656 shares in the company, valued at $1,305,093.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 13.92% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the second quarter worth approximately $927,982,000. Magellan Asset Management Ltd raised its stake in shares of Alphabet by 186.5% in the second quarter. Magellan Asset Management Ltd now owns 1,435,391 shares of the company’s stock worth $993,434,000 after buying an additional 934,412 shares during the period. Winslow Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the second quarter worth approximately $498,110,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in shares of Alphabet during the third quarter worth approximately $474,985,000. Finally, Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd raised its stake in shares of Alphabet by 612.5% in the second quarter. Jarislowsky Fraser Ltd now owns 637,357 shares of the company’s stock worth $88,795,000 after buying an additional 547,904 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.19% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company holds interests in Google Inc (Google). The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. Google segment includes Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Apps, Cloud, Android, Chrome, Google Play, and hardware products, including Chromecast, Chromebooks and Nexus, which are sold by the Company. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Donald Trump could influence the 'Trump rally' in the week ahead CNBC Patti Domm 1/8/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The Week Ahead: New cars debut in Detroit CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT President-elect Donald Trump takes center stage with his first postelection news conference Wednesday, and traders are looking for more details around the promises that have helped drive the Dow up 9 percent since Election Day. Another test for the rally will be the start of fourth-quarter earning seasons, and first up are financials, the leaders of the Trump rally with a near 18 percent gain since Nov. 8. JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), Wells Fargo (WFC), PNC Financial (PNC) and others report Friday. Earnings for theS&P 500 (.SPX) are expected to increase by 6.1 percent in the fourth quarter, but the S&P financial sector earnings are expected to have the biggest gains, with earnings up 15.7 percent, according to Thomson Reuters. The sector has bounced hard on the prospect of higher interest rates and a steeper yield curve, which would help bank profitability. The stocks also are rising on Trump's vow to end excess regulation. Besides banks, names like Goldman Sachs (GS) and Morgan Stanley (MS) are in that financial group and both are trading at near decade highs. Goldman is up 35 percent since the election, and has been leading the Dow. "I suspect earnings are going to be pretty darn good, but the problem is expectations are going up too," said James Paulsen, chief investment strategist at Wells Capital. "Given the movement in some of these stock prices, you better hope they're outperforming expectations." President-elect Trump has been credited with being a major catalyst behind the market's rally since election day, though some analysts say the market and economy were already poised for improvement. "Right now the market has been floating on the illusion of optimism, and does that turn into a false sense of security?" said Scott Redler, partner with T3Live.com. Redler said Trump sparked the rally when he spoke in the early hours of Nov. 9. That victory speech has been credited with turning collapsing stock futures into a two-month rally. Trump focused on the pro-growth programs, like infrastructure spending and corporate tax breaks, that Wall Street has latched on to. He did not dwell on tariffs or trade proposals that had made Wall Street nervous before the election and are still a concern for some strategists. "All eyes will be on [President Barack] Obama's farewell speech Tuesday and then President-elect Trump's first press conference on Wednesday," said Redler. "We'll be trying to figure out what his tone is like. It will be a kind of pre-game for the inauguration. Traders would like the tone to be like he had in his election speech when he was claiming victory, versus what we've seen in the last few sessions." In the past week, Trump has repeatedly doubted the intelligence community's findings on Russian interference with the election. The intelligence findings concluded that President Vladimir Putin ordered an "influence campaign" but it turned into a "clear preference" for Trump. After a briefing with U.S. intelligence officials Friday, Trump said other nations like Russia and China are consistently attempting cyber break-ins against U.S. institutions, and he would form a team to combat these attacks. He also said there was no impact on the outcome of the election. In some of his first dealings with Congress in the past week, he called Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York "head clown" in a tweet. He has also criticized car companies, including Toyota, this past week. He warned the Japanese company in a tweet that it will face hefty taxes at the border if it tries to import cars into the U.S. from a new plant in Mexico. "I'd be more worried about his tweets than his press conference," said Paulsen, adding the press briefing is "going to capture more attention. We've never had one since he's been elected president." Besides the news conference, there will be confirmation hearings for the Trump Cabinet, including former Exxon CEO Rex Tillerson as secretary of state. Wall Street economists and strategists have been trying to handicap the Trump agenda, and put time frames around when his programs could start spurring more growth. Expectations vary on when there will be some impact. They also want to see a timeline on the tax overhaul, since companies will be more inclined to start spending and taking other action if they see a concrete plan. Because of the unknowns, some economists do not forecast much impact at all this year, yet the stock market has run higher on the prospect of positive change. "I would think there would be a lot of questions as to what his agenda is, what he looks to accomplish in his first 100 days. It could have some short-term impact, in terms of what he chooses precisely. I don't think this is going to have much lasting impact, but it could create some volatility," Paulsen said. Besides earnings, there are also a few key economic reports including retail sales, consumer sentiment and producer price inflation data, also all on Friday. Stocks hit some bumps in the first week of the new year but finished strong. The Dow came within 0.37 of a point of Dow 20,000 on Friday. It ended the session at 19,963 and a gain of 1 percent for the week. The S&P 500 was up 1.7 percent for the week at 2276, after hitting a new all-time high of 2,282 intraday. The Nasdaq gained a solid 2.5 percent to 5,521 as some big tech, like Amazon.com, played catch up. China could also be a big influence in the week ahead. Traders will continue to watch the volatility in the yuan, which had a swift run-up in the past week before pulling back. "The big thing is China's reserves. They're trying to thread a pretty small needle in trying to keep the exchange rate stable, trying to keep reserves at around $3 trillion as a confidence thing and to have flexibility in policy," said Robert Sinche, chief global strategist at Amherst Pierpont. Reserves data were to be reported over the weekend, but there is also trade data on Friday. Sinche said the market will be looking to see if exports are gaining any momentum. "The market thinks they're going to be losing some momentum in December," he said. "[But] there's definite signs things have improved across the Asian region." "I think the world's come to the realization that growth has picked up at the end of the year. Some of the data coming out of Europe is pretty robust," he said. "The question is going to be how much inflation is there going to be in the system. It looks like so far it's primarily an energy measurement phenomena. Except in the U.S., where I think there are some capacity pressures and pressures on wages." Inflation has become a bigger theme for markets and was very apparent in the December hourly wages growth of 0.4 percent, providing the biggest boost in year-over-year wage growth since 2009. Economists expect wages to continue to rise. They also expect to see a blip higher in inflation in the next several months because oil and gasoline prices are much higher than they were at the same time last year. What to Watch Monday Earnings: Acuity Brands (AYI), Commercial Metals, (CMC) Global Payments, Barracuda Networks 9:00 a.m. Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren 12:40 p.m. Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart 3:00 p.m. Consumer credit Tuesday Earnings: Synnex 6:00 a.m. NFIB survey 10:00 a.m. Wholesale trade 10:00 a.m. JOLTs 1:00 p.m. $24 billion 3-year note auction Wednesday Earnings: KB Home (KBH), MSC Industrial 1 p.m. $20 billion 10-year note auction Thursday Earnings: Taiwan Semiconductor, Infosys, Shaw Communications, (SJR.B-CA) Delta Airlines (DAL) 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker 8:45 a.m. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and Atlanta Fed's Lockhart on a panel 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Import prices 12:30 p.m. Atlanta Fed's Lockhart 1:00 p.m. $12 billion 30-year bond auction 1:15 p.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard 1:45 p.m. Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan 2:00 p.m. Federal budget 7:00 p.m. Fed Chair Janet Yellen holds town hall with educators Friday Earnings: JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC), PNC Financial (PNC),Wells Fargo, (WFC) First Republic Bank, BlackRock (BLK) 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. PPI 9:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed's Harker 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Traffic alert Eastbound I-90 is reduced to one lane and detoured to express lanes until 5 a.m. Monday Business Nation & World Politics Dealmaker with Wall Street ties is Trump’s choice to lead SEC Originally published January 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm Updated January 8, 2017 at 4:22 pm A key partner at the prominent Wall Street law firm Cromwell & Sullivan, Walter ‘Jay’ Clayton is an insider’s insider. His nomination is a strong signal that the Trump administration will emphasize helping companies raise capital in the public markets over tightening regulation. Share story By Leslie Picker The New York Times The Wall Street lawyer Walter J. Clayton does not travel in political circles, nor is he well known in corporate America. He is the insider’s insider — a dealmaker. As such, his nomination to lead the Securities and Exchange Commission is a strong signal that financial regulation in the Trump administration will emphasize helping companies raise capital in the public markets over tightening regulation. In contrast, the agency’s two chairwomen under President Obama had regulatory or enforcement backgrounds. Clayton, known as Jay, has spent nearly his entire career in corporate boardrooms. His regulatory experience stems from advising banks on dealings with the government and helping several financial institutions with their settlements related to mortgage securities. Walter ‘Jay’ Clayton Education: Bachelor’s degrees from both the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Cambridge; law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School Current position: Partner at Sullivan & Cromwell, a leading Wall Street law firm Deals: Worked on Chinese web giant Alibaba’s $25 billion IPO, Goldman Sachs’ $5 billion infusion from Warren Buffett. Source: NYT He had a front-row seat to the financial crisis, advising Barclays Capital in buying the assets of the bankrupt Lehman Bros. in 2008 and Bear Stearns in its fire sale to JPMorgan Chase in 2007. He has advised on mergers and initial public offerings, including the biggest ever, the $25 billion offering by Alibaba Group of China in 2013. More In Person profiles Odwalla founder tries a beverage comeback two decades after E. coli tragedy Trump nominee Tillerson: Flexible pragmatist or climate-change villain? Risk-taking billionaire Wilbur Ross would bring mixed record to Commerce secretary post | In Person Ex-MSNBC host goes off the air to work with water and sun In Japan, ‘You’re fired!’ won’t fly as strategy, says startup guru Activist philanthropy chief Walker in spotlight as new PepsiCo director If Clayton is confirmed, he may have to recuse himself from some matters. A similar scrutiny was applied to Mary Jo White, the agency’s current chairwoman. She had been a litigator at Debevoise & Plimpton, where her clients included JPMorgan Chase, Rupert Murdoch’s News Corp. and Kenneth D. Lewis, a former Bank of America chief executive. Still, such recusals are not unusual. Laura S. Unger, a former commissioner and acting chairwoman, said that during her tenure, she had to recuse herself from a number of matters before the commission. She said the process of deciding when to recuse oneself often took place in consultation with the commission’s ethics officer. “An ethics officer at the SEC knows all of your intimate details, and the ethics officer flags for you what may be potential conflicts,” she noted. Yet Clayton’s nomination will be sure to fuel criticism that Goldman Sachs could wield too much influence in the Trump administration. Sullivan & Cromwell, where Clayton is a partner, has been Goldman’s go-to law firm for more than a century. Clayton advised Goldman Sachs on perhaps its most important deal, the $5 billion investment by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway amid the financial crisis. Clayton’s wife works as a private-wealth adviser at Goldman. The SEC nomination follows the appointment of Goldman’s No. 2 executive, Gary Cohn to be the top economic-policy adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, and the selection of a hedge-fund manager who was a former Goldman trader, Steven T. Mnuchin, to be Treasury secretary. Trump’s chief strategist, Stephen K. Bannon, is a former Goldman banker. During the presidential campaign, Trump had repeatedly criticized Goldman Sachs as an emblem of a financial elite. Trump, who met with Clayton on Dec. 22, said in a statement that the lawyer “will ensure our financial institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules at the same time.” Clayton is expected to face scrutiny on his confirmation as a Sullivan & Cromwell colleague, H. Rodgin Cohen, did in 2009. Cohen, the dean of Wall Street lawyers, withdrew his name from consideration for a senior Treasury Department role amid an outcry over his deep involvement in nearly all the bank deals struck during the financial crisis. “It’s hard to see how an attorney who spent his career helping Wall Street beat the rap will keep President-elect Trump’s promise to stop big banks and hedge funds from ‘getting away with murder,’” Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said. “I look forward to hearing how Mr. Clayton will protect retirees and savers from being exploited, demand real accountability from financial institutions the SEC oversees and work to prevent another financial crisis.” One issue could be Clayton’s representation of Alibaba. The Chinese e-commerce giant is under investigation by the SEC over its accounting practices. Clayton also represented Och-Ziff Capital Management in its $1.2 billion initial public offering a decade ago, and subsequent offerings and financing. A unit of the New York-based hedge fund pleaded guilty for what federal prosecutors said were more than $100 million in bribes paid to officials in African countries. The hedge fund was forced to pay a $400 million settlement. Government authorities said in September that they were still investigating individuals related to case. Another issue could be a 2011 report critical of the government’s enforcement of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which argued that “the current anti-bribery regime” was causing lasting harm to the competitiveness of U.S. regulated companies and the U.S. capital markets.” Clayton was the chairman of the New York City bar association committee that drafted the report. Requests to speak with Clayton at Sullivan & Cromwell were not answered. A number of fellow deal lawyers said they were glad that the 50-year-old practitioner could be at the helm of the SEC. “He’s a very smart, pragmatic guy who has real-deal experience and has seen this stuff firsthand,” said Richard Truesdell, a head of Davis Polk’s global capital-markets group, who has worked with Clayton on several deals. “There’s been a lot of buzz today, and I have yet to talk to anyone who isn’t pleasantly surprised by the choice.” The role of the Securities and Exchange Commission is to protect investors and enable companies to raise capital through the public markets in a way that fosters economic growth. The latter is a key tenet of Trump’s economic plan, with the aim that companies can use the excess capital to create jobs. Harvey Pitt, a former chairman of the SEC appointed by President George W. Bush, said Clayton was a “high-quality appointment.” “It is especially logical with respect to the agency’s obligation to promote capital formation, a subject with which the incoming administration is appropriately concerned,” Pitt said in an email. “Mr. Clayton’s background is very impressive — both for the depth of his experience, and for the quality of his efforts.” Clayton went to the University of Pennsylvania and the University of Cambridge for separate bachelor’s degrees and then obtained his law degree from the University of Pennsylvania Law School. Clayton donated to Mitt Romney and Obama in previous presidential elections and to Jeb Bush’s primary campaign in 2015, according to public records. Those who know Clayton describe him as the roll-up-his-sleeves type, a doer who is often in the shadows of the better known Cohen at Sullivan & Cromwell. “The guy has a really deep understanding of the capital markets and financial-regulatory matters, so he checks those boxes,” said Brad Whitman, vice chairman in mergers and acquisitions at Morgan Stanley, who has worked with Clayton over many years. “He’s got a great appreciation for what drives business and growth.” Leslie Picker Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story GM CEO: Won’t change production plans despite Trump tweet Previous Story Detroit auto show: Google, Camry and the shadow of Trump Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What to Expect From 3 Major Bank Earnings By Chris Lange January 8, 2017 10:15 am EST Print Email Tweet Three of the major banks are reporting their fourth-quarter financial results before the markets open on Friday. In general, financial stocks have made solid gains through the end of 2016, with a tremendous tailwind from the Trump rally. Considering a recent rate hike from the Federal Reserve, with potentially more to come, this sector could just be getting started. But for now we can see if this rally is fundamentally sound. 24/7 Wall St. has put together a preview of some of the major financial companies kicking off the new earnings reporting season. Markets have been pushed to record highs in the wake of the U.S. presidential election, and these major banks reporting can set the tone for earnings going forward. 24/7 Wall St. has taken a look at all the Dow stocks and made a bullish and bearish case for each. The financial stocks had an especially strong case for 2017. Here, we have included the consensus earnings estimates from Thomson Reuters and the stock price and trading history, as well as some additional color on each. Keep in mind that the earnings and revenue estimates may change ahead of the formal reports, and some companies may reschedule reporting dates as well. Bank of America The Thomson Reuters consensus estimates on Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC) are calling for earnings per share (EPS) of $0.38 and $20.96 billion in revenue. The same period of last year reportedly had $0.27 in EPS and revenue of $19.56 billion. This bank seems to be out of the regulatory penalty box and is said to be among the best positioned of the larger banks to win off of higher interest rates ahead. It is valued at 0.95 times book value and at almost 14 times forward earnings expectations. Shares were changing hands at $22.68 on Friday’s close. The consensus analyst price target is $22.94, and the 52-week trading range is $10.99 to $23.39. JPMorgan For JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), the consensus forecast is $1.43 in EPS but $23.95 billion in revenue. In the same period of last year, the megabank posted EPS of had $1.32 and $23.75 billion in revenue. Currently, the company is valued at 1.38 times book value, with a forward price-to-earnings (P/E) ratio of roughly 13.4. JPMorgan is considered one of the best banks that can benefit from Trump taking office. Not to mention that CEO Jamie Dimon is yet again considered the best major banker in America, he also just recently took over the chairman position of the Business Roundtable. Shares closed trading at $86.12 on Friday. The consensus price target is just $84.62. The 52-week range is $52.50 to $87.76. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) has consensus estimates of $1.00 in EPS and revenue of $22.47 billion. The fourth quarter of last year reportedly EPS of had $1.03 and $21.59 billion in revenue. Wells Fargo is perhaps very welcoming of a Trump presidency, for a few reasons. First, the stock has recovered handily from its huge debacle earlier this fall, and loyal shareholders were rewarded. Second, the news flow has been absolutely transfixed on Trump winning the presidency, taking some of the heat off of Wells Fargo with former CEO Stumpf stepping down a distant memory. Also, it goes without saying but Wells Fargo will definitely benefit from the higher interest rates that are potentially on the horizon. Shares ended the week at $55.04, in a 52-week range of $43.55 to $58.02. The consensus price target is $56.17. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Huge Energy Trade Kicks Off 2017 Insider Buying: DCP Midstream, Och-Ziff Capital, TransEnterix, Amicus Therapeutics and More 2017 IPO Season Gears Up With Potential Roadshow Launches » Read more: Banking & Finance, Corporate Governance, Earnings, featured, Federal Reserve, Jamie Dimon, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Private Company in Every State Cities Where You Don't Want to Get Sick The Worst Companies to Work For The Largest Employer in Every State Best (and Worst) Paying Cities for Women Recent 5 Must-See Earnings Coming This Week Top 5 Dow Stocks Reporting Earnings This Week Huge Michael Dell Purchase Highlights Insider Buying: Dell Technologies, Accelerate Diagnostics, Loxo Oncology and More 10 Worst States to Grow Old Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search How a Roth IRA Can Help You Make the Most of Social Security 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Macy's fires chief growth officer Peter Sachse Nasdaq Composite Index closes up 26.63 points, or 0.5%, at 5,574.12 S&P 500 closes up 4.12 points, or 0.2%, at 2,274.59 Caterpillar (CAT) or Deere (DE): Which Is the Better Stock? Unum Group (UNM) Strengthens Portfolio with New Coverage Union Pacific (UNP) Q4 Earnings: What Awaits the Stock? Sterling skids on Brexit anxiety; investors hope for Trump clarity Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1 Company Pioneering the AI Revolution Simple Ways to Maximize Your Social Security Benefits Detroit Auto Show: Will Volkswagen Build This Electric Microbus? These 8 Men Have As Much Money As Half The World Trump Threatens BMW With Border Tax On Cars Built In Mexico Democrats Lead Nationwide Day Of Rallies In Defense Of Obamacare Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing WageWorks Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WageWorks Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $987,000 Position in WageWorks, Inc. (WAGE) Posted by William Strong on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its position in WageWorks, Inc. (NYSE:WAGE) by 1.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 16,200 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 200 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in WageWorks were worth $987,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of WageWorks during the second quarter valued at about $60,595,000. Riverbridge Partners LLC acquired a new stake in shares of WageWorks during the third quarter valued at about $26,706,000. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC raised its stake in shares of WageWorks by 75.7% in the second quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC now owns 948,642 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,738,000 after buying an additional 408,754 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of WageWorks by 153.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 269,257 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,104,000 after buying an additional 163,074 shares during the period. Finally, Fiera Capital Corp acquired a new stake in shares of WageWorks during the second quarter valued at about $8,942,000. WageWorks, Inc. (NYSE:WAGE) traded down 0.85% during trading on Friday, hitting $69.80. 198,143 shares of the stock traded hands. WageWorks, Inc. has a 52-week low of $38.99 and a 52-week high of $75.28. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $72.86 and a 200-day moving average price of $64.08. The stock has a market cap of $2.56 billion, a P/E ratio of 124.64 and a beta of 1.05. WageWorks (NYSE:WAGE) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.34 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.33 by $0.01. WageWorks had a net margin of 5.98% and a return on equity of 9.09%. The firm earned $88.90 million during the quarter. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.36 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 6.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that WageWorks, Inc. will post $1.37 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $987,000 Position in WageWorks, Inc. (WAGE)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/louisiana-state-employees-retirement-system-has-987000-position-in-wageworks-inc-wage.html. Several analysts recently issued reports on WAGE shares. Needham & Company LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 target price (up from $65.00) on shares of WageWorks in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of WageWorks from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. William Blair restated an “outperform” rating and set a $67.20 target price on shares of WageWorks in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Chardan Capital started coverage on shares of WageWorks in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $86.00 target price for the company. Nine investment analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, WageWorks currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $71.65. In related news, CEO Joseph L. Jackson sold 87,749 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, December 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.49, for a total value of $6,360,925.01. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 93,981 shares in the company, valued at approximately $6,812,682.69. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Bruce G. Bodaken sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.88, for a total transaction of $728,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 13,442 shares in the company, valued at approximately $979,652.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 4.33% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. WageWorks Company Profile WageWorks, Inc is engaged in administering Consumer-Directed Benefits (CDBs). The Company administers CBDs, including pre-tax spending accounts, such as Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), health and dependent care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs), and Health Reimbursement Arrangements (HRAs), as well as Commuter Benefit Services, including transit and parking programs, wellness programs, Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act and other employee benefits. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WAGE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WageWorks, Inc. (NYSE:WAGE). Receive News & Ratings for WageWorks Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WageWorks Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous James Investment Research Inc. Invests $999,000 in Barrett Business Services, Inc. (BBSI) Next » Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases New Stake in Hope Bancorp, Inc. (HOPE) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined World Access Companies Car News Interactives America's Choice 2016 CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? The Feed CNNMoney Investigates Your Money, Your Vote American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India Markets Trump inauguration; Time for Davos; Wilbur Ross confirmation Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech Microsoft unveils new, nicer chat bot Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Agility in Action Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance Why it takes years to save for a down payment Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz Comic book maker creates a female superhero for Puerto Rico Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out Before the Bell Trump holds press conference; Banks report earnings; Rex Tillerson confirmation by Danielle Wiener-Bronner   @CNNMoneyInvest January 8, 2017: 8:00 AM ET Icahn: Trump stock rally 'a little overdone' 1. Banks report earnings: Welcome to earnings season. Bank of America (BAC), Wells Fargo (CBEAX) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) are set to release their fourth quarter earnings on Friday. All three banks had a strong showing in the third quarter -- even Wells Fargo beat Wall Street's expectations, despite its phony account scandal. So expectations are high. The so-called Trump rally, which has sent stocks soaring since the election, has been largely carried by financial institutions. That's because investors expect the Republican to roll back regulations like Dodd-Frank, which would increase the bottom line of big banks. And tax cuts from President-elect Donald Trump and Congress, plus a possible rate hike from the Fed, won't hurt. A global trade war, on the other hand, would. Related: Goldman Sachs accounts for 24% of Dow's spectacular Trump rally Related: Big banks counting on love from Trump and Fed 2. Trump press conference: The president elect says he'll hold a press conference -- his first since July -- on Wednesday. Previously, Trump has said that such a news conference would give him a chance to talk to the media about the future of his businesses. Critics fear that a multitude of conflicts could arise from Trump's sprawling business entanglements, hampering his judgment when he takes office. Trump has made efforts to distance himself from his businesses, but it's not clear how effective they'll be. He put his three eldest children in charge of the Trump Organization, but they've remained a key part of his transition team. Expect some questions about that. Related: Trump sets first news conference since election for Jan. 11 3. Rex Tillerson's confirmation: On Wednesday, the Senate will decide whether to confirm Rex Tillerson as the next secretary of state. Members of the senate will likely see the Tillerson's ties with Russia and his relationship with ExxonMobil (XOM) -- where he served as chief executive until December -- as potential conflicts of interest. Tillerson's confirmation could be good news for ExxonMobil and other oil giants. If the Trump administration lifts Russian sanctions, ExxonMobil will be able to move forward with deals worth billions of dollars. That would be a boon for the company, which has been struggling to cope with falling oil prices and is facing a lawsuit over climate change. Related: Rex Tillerson to put Exxon nest egg in a trust over conflict of interest concerns Related: Exxon would win if Tillerson works to lift Russia sanctions Related: Behind the deep ties between Exxon's Rex Tillerson and Russia 4. iPhone's tenth anniversary. Monday marks ten years since Apple (AAPL, Tech30) first announced the iPhone. A decade later, there's a lot of pressure on Apple to deliver with their next device, which is slated to appear on the market in fall of this year. In 2016, Apple announced its first sales decline since 2001. The disappointing year hit CEO Tim Cook's wallet directly -- he took a 15% pay cut last year. And the latest iPhone released in September of last year, received a cool reception. Maybe some first iPhone nostalgia will do Apple good. If not, there's always the chance that another exploding Samsung (SSNLF) battery will help save the day. Related: Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001 Related: Apple cuts Tim Cook's pay 15% for missing sales goals 5. Coming this week: Monday - Tenth anniversary of iPhone announcement; SpaceX scheduled to launch Tuesday - Obama delivers farewell address Wednesday - Tillerson confirmation hearing; Trump scheduled to give press conference Thursday - Delta earnings Friday - Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report earnings CNNMoney (New York) First published January 8, 2017: 8:00 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Lexus unveils 885 horsepower yacht BuzzFeed editor: We're 'proud' to publish Trump memos Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Zoe's Kitchen Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoe's Kitchen Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Purchases 31,751 Shares of Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (ZOES) Posted by William Strong on Jan 8th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (NYSE:ZOES) by 4.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 707,941 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 31,751 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Zoe’s Kitchen were worth $15,709,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in Zoe’s Kitchen by 7.8% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 237,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,266,000 after buying an additional 17,210 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Zoe’s Kitchen by 6.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 526,087 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,674,000 after buying an additional 32,220 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC increased its position in Zoe’s Kitchen by 9.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 10,321 shares of the company’s stock valued at $229,000 after buying an additional 874 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Zoe’s Kitchen by 73.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,902,533 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,217,000 after buying an additional 806,345 shares during the period. Finally, PNC Financial Services Group Inc. increased its position in Zoe’s Kitchen by 12.7% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 12,850 shares of the company’s stock valued at $285,000 after buying an additional 1,450 shares during the period. Shares of Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (NYSE:ZOES) opened at 25.76 on Friday. Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. has a 52 week low of $20.20 and a 52 week high of $41.76. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $25.28 and a 200-day moving average price of $28.14. The firm has a market capitalization of $501.29 million, a PE ratio of 104.29 and a beta of 0.66. Zoe’s Kitchen (NYSE:ZOES) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 14th. The company reported $0.04 earnings per share for the quarter, hitting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.04. The business had revenue of $67.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $68.07 million. Zoe’s Kitchen had a return on equity of 1.14% and a net margin of 1.83%. The company’s revenue was up 19.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.05 EPS. Equities analysts anticipate that Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. will post $0.10 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC Purchases 31,751 Shares of Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (ZOES)” was first published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/08/tiaa-cref-investment-management-llc-purchases-31751-shares-of-zoes-kitchen-inc-zoes.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on ZOES. Maxim Group decreased their target price on Zoe’s Kitchen from $36.00 to $30.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on Zoe’s Kitchen from $22.00 to $25.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, December 19th. Jefferies Group restated a “hold” rating and issued a $26.00 target price (down previously from $33.00) on shares of Zoe’s Kitchen in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Zoe’s Kitchen from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Telsey Advisory Group reduced their price objective on Zoe’s Kitchen from $36.00 to $26.00 and set a “market perform” rating on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, November 15th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $32.81. About Zoe’s Kitchen Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc is a fast-casual restaurant concept serving a distinct menu of Mediterranean-inspired dishes delivered with Southern hospitality. The Company has approximately 170 restaurants across over 20 states, including approximately three franchised locations. The Company’s menu offers meals made from scratch using produce, proteins and other ingredients that are predominantly preservative and additive-free, including its appetizers, soups, salads and kabobs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZOES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zoe’s Kitchen, Inc. (NYSE:ZOES). Receive News & Ratings for Zoe's Kitchen Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zoe's Kitchen Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $16,031,000 Stake in Vonage Holdings Corp. (VG) Next » BHP Billiton PLC (BBL) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Trump holds press conference; Banks report earnings; Rex Tillerson confirmation - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Trump holds press conference; Banks report earnings; Rex Tillerson confirmation Posted: Sunday, January 8, 2017 8:32 AM EST Updated: Sunday, January 8, 2017 8:32 AM EST By Danielle Wiener-Bronner NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- 1. Banks report earnings: Welcome to earnings season. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase are set to release their fourth quarter earnings on Friday. All three banks had a strong showing in the third quarter -- even Wells Fargo beat Wall Street's expectations, despite its phony account scandal. So expectations are high. The so-called Trump rally, which has sent stocks soaring since the election, has been largely carried by financial institutions. That's because investors expect the Republican to roll back regulations like Dodd-Frank, which would increase the bottom line of big banks. And tax cuts from President-elect Donald Trump and Congress, plus a possible rate hike from the Fed, won't hurt. A global trade war, on the other hand, would. 2. Trump press conference: The president elect says he'll hold a press conference -- his first since July -- on Wednesday. Previously, Trump has said that such a news conference would give him a chance to talk to the media about the future of his businesses. Critics fear that a multitude of conflicts could arise from Trump's sprawling business entanglements, hampering his judgment when he takes office. Trump has made efforts to distance himself from his businesses, but it's not clear how effective they'll be. He put his three eldest children in charge of the Trump Organization, but they've remained a key part of his transition team. Expect some questions about that. 3. Rex Tillerson's confirmation: On Wednesday, the Senate will decide whether to confirm Rex Tillerson as the next secretary of state. Members of the senate will likely see the Tillerson's ties with Russia and his relationship with ExxonMobil -- where he served as chief executive until December -- as potential conflicts of interest. Tillerson's confirmation could be good news for ExxonMobil and other oil giants. If the Trump administration lifts Russian sanctions, ExxonMobil will be able to move forward with deals worth billions of dollars. That would be a boon for the company, which has been struggling to cope with falling oil prices and is facing a lawsuit over climate change. 4. iPhone's tenth anniversary. Monday marks ten years since Apple first announced the iPhone. A decade later, there's a lot of pressure on Apple to deliver with their next device, which is slated to appear on the market in fall of this year. In 2016, Apple announced its first sales decline since 2001. The disappointing year hit CEO Tim Cook's wallet directly -- he took a 15% pay cut last year. And the latest iPhone released in September of last year, received a cool reception. Maybe some first iPhone nostalgia will do Apple good. If not, there's always the chance that another exploding Samsung battery will help save the day. 5. Coming this week: Monday - Tenth anniversary of iPhone announcement; SpaceX scheduled to launch Tuesday - Obama delivers farewell address Wednesday - Tillerson confirmation hearing; Trump scheduled to give press conference Thursday - Delta earnings Friday - Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report earnings TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Trump holds press conference; Banks report earnings; Rex Tillerson confirmation Trump holds press conference; Banks report earnings; Rex Tillerson confirmation Posted on Sunday, January 8, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. Banks report earnings: Welcome to earnings season. Bank of America, Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase are set to release their fourth quarter earnings on Friday. All three banks had a strong showing in the third quarter — even Wells Fargo beat Wall Street’s expectations, despite its phony account scandal. So expectations are high. The so-called Trump rally, which has sent stocks soaring since the election, has been largely carried by financial institutions. That’s because investors expect the Republican to roll back regulations like Dodd-Frank, which would increase the bottom line of big banks. And tax cuts from President-elect Donald Trump and Congress, plus a possible rate hike from the Fed, won’t hurt. A global trade war, on the other hand, would. 2. Trump press conference: The president elect says he’ll hold a press conference — his first since July — on Wednesday. Previously, Trump has said that such a news conference would give him a chance to talk to the media about the future of his businesses. Critics fear that a multitude of conflicts could arise from Trump’s sprawling business entanglements, hampering his judgment when he takes office. Trump has made efforts to distance himself from his businesses, but it’s not clear how effective they’ll be. He put his three eldest children in charge of the Trump Organization, but they’ve remained a key part of his transition team. Expect some questions about that. 3. Rex Tillerson’s confirmation: On Wednesday, the Senate will decide whether to confirm Rex Tillerson as the next secretary of state. Members of the senate will likely see the Tillerson’s ties with Russia and his relationship with ExxonMobil — where he served as chief executive until December — as potential conflicts of interest. Tillerson’s confirmation could be good news for ExxonMobil and other oil giants. If the Trump administration lifts Russian sanctions, ExxonMobil will be able to move forward with deals worth billions of dollars. That would be a boon for the company, which has been struggling to cope with falling oil prices and is facing a lawsuit over climate change. 4. iPhone’s tenth anniversary. Monday marks ten years since Apple first announced the iPhone. A decade later, there’s a lot of pressure on Apple to deliver with their next device, which is slated to appear on the market in fall of this year. In 2016, Apple announced its first sales decline since 2001. The disappointing year hit CEO Tim Cook’s wallet directly — he took a 15% pay cut last year. And the latest iPhone released in September of last year, received a cool reception. Maybe some first iPhone nostalgia will do Apple good. If not, there’s always the chance that another exploding Samsung battery will help save the day. 5. Coming this week: Monday – Tenth anniversary of iPhone announcement; SpaceX scheduled to launch Tuesday – Obama delivers farewell address Wednesday – Tillerson confirmation hearing; Trump scheduled to give press conference Thursday – Delta earnings Friday – Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report earnings Theresa May again signals painful Brexit Brimmeier and Shaffner Earn Promotions at CNB Bank Related Posts Amazon holiday sales: Enough TVs to dwarf Mt. Everest Al Jazeera reporter: ‘A second source’ confirmed Manning’s link to HGH Protect your retirement from the government’s whims Trump Treasury pick promises biggest tax overhaul since Reagan Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Is Cutting Its Bonus Points The incredibly popular travel rewards card may have been overly generous. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jan 8, 2017 at 8:08AM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. There's bad news in the world of credit card reward points, as JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) just announced that it's cutting the bonus points on its Chase Sapphire Reserve Card in half. An instant success The card was an instant success last year when JPMorgan Chase announced it, thanks to the card's generous rewards points. "I have never seen such interest in a credit card, and I've been doing this for 15 years," travel blogger Gary Leff told the Associated Press at the time. The main draw was the 100,000 points that cardholders get for spending at least $4,000 on the card in the first three months. That equates to approximately $1,500 worth of travel rewards. The Chase Sapphire Reserve Card provides a major recurring benefit as well -- that is, beyond the sign-up bonus. It comes with a $300 annual credit that can be used toward travel. There's the usual litany of rewards, too. Cardholders get three points for every dollar spent on travel and at restaurants, access to luxury airport lounges, and the ability to transfer points earned to leading airline and hotel loyalty programs. Even with its hefty $450 annual fee, it's easy to see why the Chase Sapphire Reserve Card may be the best travel reward card of all time. Too good to be true It now seems, in fact, as if it may have been too good to be true. Chase just announced that it's cutting the sign-up bonus in half. Now, instead of getting 100,000 points for signing up and spending $4,000 within the first three months, new cardholders will get 50,000 points. That's still a lot of points -- it's equivalent to $750 worth of travel rewards -- but it's a far cry from the original deal. Image source: JPMorgan Chase. Chase is chalking this up to marketing, noting that decreasing the sign-up bonus was always part of its plan. "We wanted to get people's attention with the 100,000 point bonus and we were delighted with the response," a spokesperson for Chase told Yahoo! Finance. This may be true, though it's also worth noting that the popularity of the card caught even JPMorgan Chase by surprise. This could have factored into the equation as well. It ran out of the metal used to make the cards not long after introducing it. And on the bank's latest earnings call, its chief financial officer, Marianne Lake, noted that revenue in its credit card division would be down by $200 million as a result of the offer. It's not too late Fortunately, for anyone out there who still wants to get in on this, there's still time. You have until Jan. 11 to apply for the card on JPMorgan Chase's website here. Or if you're willing to visit one of its branches, you can apply for a card in person at a Chase location at any time until March 12. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jan 8, 2017 at 8:08AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.70 up $0.46 (0.53%) Read More Is JPMorgan Chase Stock Cheap or Expensive? Are Higher Interest Rates Good for Bank Stocks? It’s Complicated, Says Analyst Dick Bove 10 Biggest Banks in America Biggest Bank Stocks Ranked by Capital Bank Stocks and the Warren Buffett Premium Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Is Cutting Its Bonus Points #stocks $JPM
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance USA Compression Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for USA Compression Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC) Short Interest Down 6.7% in December January 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet USA Compression Partners, LP (NYSE:USAC) was the target of a significant decline in short interest during the month of December. As of December 15th, there was short interest totalling 127,473 shares, a decline of 6.7% from the November 30th total of 136,569 shares. Approximately 33.0% of the company’s shares are sold short. Based on an average daily volume of 469,259 shares, the short-interest ratio is currently 0.3 days. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. GSA Capital Partners LLP bought a new position in USA Compression Partners, during the second quarter valued at $333,000. Neuberger Berman Group LLC boosted its position in USA Compression Partners, by 7.1% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 269,400 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,949,000 after buying an additional 17,805 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in USA Compression Partners, by 130.1% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,043 shares of the company’s stock valued at $587,000 after buying an additional 22,640 shares during the last quarter. Carlyle Group L.P. boosted its position in USA Compression Partners, by 3.0% in the second quarter. Carlyle Group L.P. now owns 23,328,314 shares of the company’s stock valued at $341,993,000 after buying an additional 677,258 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Van ECK Associates Corp boosted its position in USA Compression Partners, by 4.2% in the second quarter. Van ECK Associates Corp now owns 347,089 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,088,000 after buying an additional 13,874 shares during the last quarter. USAC has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of USA Compression Partners, from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, October 13th. RBC Capital Markets reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 price objective on shares of USA Compression Partners, in a research note on Friday. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. USA Compression Partners, currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $14.43. USA Compression Partners, (NYSE:USAC) opened at 18.31 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $17.22 and its 200 day moving average is $16.77. USA Compression Partners, has a 12 month low of $7.03 and a 12 month high of $19.33. The stock’s market cap is $1.01 billion. USA Compression Partners, (NYSE:USAC) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 8th. The company reported ($0.04) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $61.13 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $63.80 million. USA Compression Partners, had a negative net margin of 57.76% and a positive return on equity of 3.94%. The business’s revenue was down 13.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.21 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that USA Compression Partners, will post $0.28 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/07/usa-compression-partners-lp-usac-short-interest-down-6-7-in-december.html. About USA Compression Partners, USA Compression Partners, LP is an independent provider of compression services in the United States. The Company provides compression services to its customers primarily in connection with infrastructure applications, including both allowing for the processing and transportation of natural gas through the domestic pipeline system and managing crude oil production through artificial lift processes. Receive News & Ratings for USA Compression Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for USA Compression Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Why Jim Cramer is hoping for a sell-off in the market this week Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 6:16 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Why Jim Cramer is hoping for a sell-off in the market this week    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 1:00 PM ET | 11:52 It's never a good thing for the stock market to go in hot into earnings season, Jim Cramer says. "We want things cool. There is too much heat. That is why I'm hoping we get some more down days this week, just in case the earnings aren't as perfect as they need to be after this historic run," the "Mad Money" host said. Looking at the overall context of the market, Cramer wasn't impressed. In fact, he thinks that is the major reason why the Dow failed to hit 20,000 again. The banks have led the rally, especially Bank of America, which has jumped to $22 from $17 since the election, and Goldman Sachs, which has gained 46.5 percent in the past three months. "The issue with these stocks, so vital to the next leg of the rally, is that they need interest rates to go higher if they are going to keep rising, and interest rates seem to have peaked for the moment," Cramer said. Joe Belanger | Getty Images JPMorgan, Wells Fargo and Bank of America all report on Friday and Goldman reports next week, and the backdrop right now is sub-par for Cramer. It would be better if the stocks sold off ahead of their quarters, he said. The second problem Cramer found was in healthcare. The group has bounced since the election, but investors don't know when Donald Trump could tweet about drug prices. As the market heads into the important JPMorgan health care conference this week, Cramer suspects that the event has been more muted because of worries over pricing. Many pharma companies also have a large amount of overseas currency exposure, which could hurt earnings when compared to the strengthening dollar. Cramer also worried about the price of crude at $52, as it could prevent oil stocks from going higher. If anything, he expects them to move lower. Thus, investors may not be able to count on the oil patch to do the heavy lifting in the market. The final worry on Cramer's list was technology, especially Apple, which was anointed as a top pick by Morgan Stanley because of the impending iPhone 8 and the possibility of repatriation relief. "I much prefer downbeat talk that keeps expectations low," Cramer said. That is why moving into earnings season, Cramer is hoping for more downgrades and negativity in the stock market in general. More sell ratings could create much-needed pessimism to cool stocks down. After all, when everyone is bullish, that means there's no one left to buy. More negativity could help sustain the move. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- JPM --- GS --- AAPL --- DJIA --- Cramer's New Book To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanchez Energy Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Shares Down 7.7% on Insider Selling January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) traded down 7.7% during trading on Monday following insider selling activity. The stock traded as low as $8.49 and last traded at $8.52, with a volume of 3,241,617 shares trading hands. The stock had previously closed at $9.23. Specifically, VP Gregory B. Kopel sold 7,522 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.38, for a total transaction of $70,556.36. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now owns 67,448 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $632,662.24. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Company insiders own 15.32% of the company’s stock. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the stock. KLR Group downgraded shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation from an “accumulate” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $9.00 target price for the company. in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. FBR & Co reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $10.00 target price (down previously from $12.00) on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $10.00 target price for the company in a research note on Thursday. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $11.00 price target on shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group cut shares of Sanchez Energy Corporation from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $10.00 to $8.00 in a report on Thursday, October 13th. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $7.91. The company’s market cap is $504.61 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $8.92 and a 200 day moving average of $7.87. Sanchez Energy Corporation (NYSE:SN) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported ($1.19) EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.03 by $1.22. The firm had revenue of $114.81 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $133.94 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted ($7.33) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts expect that Sanchez Energy Corporation will post ($0.04) EPS for the current fiscal year. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 28.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,401,736 shares of the company’s stock valued at $31,076,000 after buying an additional 961,712 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 315,100.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,046,464 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,388,000 after buying an additional 1,046,132 shares in the last quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. raised its stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 141.7% in the second quarter. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. now owns 119,900 shares of the company’s stock valued at $847,000 after buying an additional 70,300 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 58.6% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 772,110 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,452,000 after buying an additional 285,183 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System raised its stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation by 3.1% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 35,830 shares of the company’s stock valued at $253,000 after buying an additional 1,093 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 60.64% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) Shares Down 7.7% on Insider Selling” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/sanchez-energy-corporation-sn-shares-down-7-7-on-insider-selling.html. Sanchez Energy Corporation Company Profile Sanchez Energy Corporation is an independent exploration and production company. The Company is focused on the acquisition and development of unconventional oil and natural gas resources in the onshore United States Gulf Coast. The Company focuses on the Eagle Ford Shale in South Texas and the Tuscaloosa Marine Shale (TMS) in Mississippi and Louisiana. Receive News & Ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanchez Energy Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Economy Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook JPMorgan's Dimon says strong economy will speed interest rate hikes Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 5:47 PM ETReuters SHARES Andrew Harrer | Bloomberg | Getty Images Jamie Dimon, chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Strength in the United States economy will drive interest rate hikes more quickly than many people expect, JPMorgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon said on Monday. Speaking at his investment bank's annual healthcare conference, Dimon also said he anticipates market risk and volatility in 10-year U.S. Treasuries to increase as rates rise. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change US 10-YR --- JPM ---
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Nasdaq hits record as stocks close mixed ahead of earnings CNBC Fred Imbert 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Markets fairly valued? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Monday, with and utilities lagging as investors geared up for the start of earnings season and assessed falling oil prices.  The Nasdaq advanced about 0.2 percent to a new all-time high as the iShares Nasdaq biotechnology ETF (IBB) and Apple advanced around 1 percent. Leading IBB higher was Ariad Pharmaceuticals, which spiked more than 70 percent after announcing it's being taken over by Takeda, a leading Japanese pharmaceutical company. The Dow fell 76 points, with ExxonMobil and Chevron contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 slipped 0.35 percent, with energy and utilities falling more than 1 percent. U.S. oil prices dropped around 3 percent to $52.30 per barrel, amid U.S. production worries. The three major indexes posted new all-time intraday highs on Friday, as the Dow came within a third of a point of hitting the psychological mark of 20,000. "Valuations here are rich by almost any measure," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Baird. "If we slip into not-so-strong earnings growth, then stocks could be vulnerable." Financial giants Bank of America, BlackRock and JPMorgan Chase are among the companies slated to report this week. The financial sector has posted a sharp rally since Donald Trump's U.S. election victory, rising 17.9 percent since Nov. 8, as of Friday's close. The broader indexes have also gained sharply since the election. "Markets have been focused on his economic policies, ... but there has always been uncertainty," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Market participants are trying to figure out which Trump they are going to get." "The concern that we would express is that there's a lot of excitement about these policies, but they haven't been enacted yet," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the Private Client Group at U.S. Bank. S&P 500 earnings per share are expected to record a 4.4 percent year-over-year increase, Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA, said in a Friday note. "The key thing for me was how quiet the the pre-announcement season was," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "A quiet pre-announcement season portends for a positive earnings season." There are no major economic data due Monday. However, Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart said in a speech the central bank should step aside, as the economic crisis is "largely done." Lockhart is due to retire from his post in February. Separately, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the U.S. central bank should step up its pace of interest-rate increases from the once-a-year pattern it has pursued since 2015, warning of inflation risks if it does not. "I expect that appropriate monetary policy will need to normalize more quickly than over the past year," Rosengren said in prepared remarks. Overseas, European equities fell broadly, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index sliding 0.5 percent as the banking sector shed around 2 percent. U.K. stocks bucked the trend, however, as the FTSE 100 rose 0.38 percent on the back of a falling pound. Sterling dropped more than 1 percent against the dollar to $1.216, amid talk of Britain drastically reworking trade ties with the European Union after Brexit. The dollar index, which measures the greenback's performance against six other currencies, traded 0.25 percent lower. U.S. Treasurys rose on Monday, with the two-year note yield slipping to 1.19 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield falling to 2.376 percent. About four stocks declined for every three advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 301 million and a composite volume of 1.41 billion in midday trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.6. Reuters contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Look at Two PayPal Competitors Can ClearXchange and Apple Pay rival PayPal in the wide-open mobile payments race? John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Image source:  PayPal Holdings, Inc. The mobile payment landscape is getting crowded. Major technology companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon, along with big banks and credit card issuers, are jockeying for position in a fast growing market. As mobile payments adoption expands, the services that are easy to access and easy to use are in the best position to lead the race. PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) has been leading the race for over ten years. Two competitors that could give PayPal a run for its money is a new peer to peer (P2P) payment service, ClearXchange, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) own mobile payment service Apple Pay. Big banks have an answer for Venmo ClearXchange is owned by Bank of America, BB&T, Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, PNC Financial Services Group, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Some of the top banks in the world are already in the ClearXchange network and reach over 250 million people. It is the banks' response to the popularity and growth of PayPal's P2P payment service, Venmo, which is growing rapidly and is on pace to process about $20 billion in annual transaction volume over the next four quarters. ClearXchange offers a very straightforward and convenient service. All you need to send someone money is an email address or mobile phone number. The money is sent directly from the senders' bank account to the recipients'. Even if someone holds a bank account not included in the ClearXchange network, they can still sign up to receive payments. On top of the convenience of transferring money directly in and out of bank accounts, the service is fee free. However, Venmo is also free for all transaction types except credit cards. While the ability to directly transfer money to and from bank accounts is attractive, it's not clear whether ClearXchange differentiates itself enough to persuade Venmo's core users, millennials, to use it. One reason for the growth of Venmo is that it is not associated or owned by traditional financial institutions, an aspect that appeals to a younger generation. Both PayPal and Venmo users can still send money or pay for goods even if there is insufficient funds in their account balance, making these services as easy and convenient to use as ClearXchange. Apple has the numbers Perhaps a more significant elephant to battle against is Apple Pay. Since Apple Pay's launch in 2014, Apple has been quietly signing up banks and credit unions worldwide to allow credit and debit cards to be enrolled in Apple Pay. Recently, Apple added support for 17 more credit unions and banks bringing the total to over 1,600 worldwide. Although Apple doesn't disclose specific numbers, the service seems to be enjoying growing adoption. In 2016, CEO Tim Cook reported that 75% of all contactless payments in the U.S. were through Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transactions increased nearly 500% year over year in the most recent quarter. More transactions were completed in September 2016 than the entire fiscal 2015. Apple's major partners reported that Apple Pay has the highest conversion rate of any digital wallet, and management expects two-thirds of the top 100 retailers to support Apple Pay in 2017. Apple Pay was launched for the Safari web browser for the first time in September 2016, opening up another avenue for users to engage with the service.   This success is not surprising. Apple is one of the most recognized brands in the world and has sold over one billion iPhones since the launch of the original in 2007, giving Apple a huge installed base. Of course, some of these purchases are upgrades for existing users, and some people may not even use an iPhone anymore. One analyst estimates the total installed base of Apple's iPhone is around 400 million. By comparison, PayPal had 192 million active customer accounts at the end of September 2016. Whatever the exact number for Apple's installed base, it's reasonable to assume Apple has a potential customer base that rivals PayPal's. The important distinction for Apple is its control over both hardware and software. Since Apple designs the hardware and software, it can control access to hardware components and software functionality inside an iPhone. Because of this closed system, only Apple can program software to access the Near Field Communication (NFC) chip inside iPhones and Apple Watches. The NFC chip in an iPhone 6 or later model connects wirelessly to a NFC chip reader in a retail store, for example, to share payment data. The NFC chip enables Apple Watch users to simply turn the crown or wave their wrist in the air, wait for a beep, and, voila, payment sent. Third-party app developers, such as PayPal, do not have the luxury of allowing its users to wave their wrists in the air to send payment.   There's no winner-take-all Although Apple does not disclose specific operating metrics for Apple Pay, the statistics CEO Tim Cook discloses on conference calls are enough to assume Apple's total payment volume (TPV) is growing along with the mobile payments industry. The good news for PayPal is that its own TPV has been growing consistently at 20% or more since the launch of Apple Pay. The parallel growth of these two services along with the continued growth of credit card issuers, Visa and MasterCard, highlights the size of the opportunity for all payment solutions. PayPal management puts the company's addressable market at $100 trillion. Over the last four quarters, PayPal's TPV is $336 billion, so there is a very long runway of growth, not only for PayPal, but its competitors as well. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $41.60 up $0.04 (0.10%) Read More PayPal Isn't Letting Its Visa and MasterCard Deals Bring It Down What to Watch at PayPal in 2017 An Obvious Winner of the E-commerce Revolution PayPal Joins Forces With Visa: Smart Move PayPal's Revenue Growth Continues Unabated Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Look at Two PayPal Competitors #stocks $AAPL, $PYPL
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA’s (IAG) Under Review Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reissued their under review rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) in a research note released on Friday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on IAG. J P Morgan Chase & Co restated a neutral rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) raised their target price on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 465 ($5.65) to GBX 490 ($5.96) and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Thursday, December 22nd. Peel Hunt reaffirmed an under review rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Credit Suisse Group reaffirmed an outperform rating and set a GBX 469 ($5.70) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, HSBC reaffirmed a hold rating and set a GBX 450 ($5.47) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Friday, December 16th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the company. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 542.20 ($6.59). Shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) traded up 0.13% on Friday, reaching GBX 467.20. 8,713,450 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 444.05 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 415.95. The stock’s market cap is GBX 10.24 billion. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52-week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52-week high of GBX 611.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA’s (IAG) Under Review Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sas-iag-under-review-rating-reaffirmed-at-shore-capital.html. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Company Profile International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA (IAG) is a holding company. The Company is an airline company, which holds the interests of airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. IAG combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Close Mixed Following Lackluster Trading Session - U.S. Commentary 1/9/2017 4:11 PM ET Stocks turned in a mixed performance during trading on Monday following the strength seen in the previous week. While the Dow and the S&P 500 slid into negative territory, the tech-heavy Nasdaq posted a modest gain. The Nasdaq edged up 10.76 points or 0.2 percent to 5,531.82, while the Dow dropped by 76.42 points or 0.4 percent to 19,887.38 and the S&P 500 fell by 8.08 points or 0.4 percent to 2,268.90. The mixed performance on Wall Street came after last week's gains lifted the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 to new record highs. The Dow also flirted with the 20,000 level last Friday but was unable to break through the key psychological level. A lack of major U.S. economic data kept some traders on the sidelines, although reports on producer prices and retail sales are scheduled to be released on Friday. Additionally, financial giants Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results this week. Sector News Energy stocks showed a notable move to the downside on the day amid a sharp drop in the price of crude oil. Crude for February delivery plunged $2.12 to $51.87 a barrel amid concerns increased U.S. production will offset an OPEC output reduction. Reflecting the weakness in the energy sector, the NYSE Arca Natural gas Index tumbled by 2.4 percent, while the Philadelphia Oil Service Index slumped by 1.7 percent and the NYSE Arca Oil & Gas Index slide by 1.4percent. Railroad and utilities stocks also saw considerable weakness, with the Dow Jones Railroads Index and the Dow Jones Utilities Average both falling by 1.3. On the other hand, semiconductor stocks saw significant strength on the day, resulting in a 1.1 advance by the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. Graphics chip maker Nvidia (NVDA) posted a standout gain. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance on Monday, with the Japanese markets closed on the day. China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.5 percent, while India's BSE Sensex edged down by 0.1 percent. The major European markets also ended the day mixed. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index rose by 0.4 percent, the German DAX Index dipped by 0.3 percent and the French CAC 40 Index fell by 0.5 percent. In the bond market, treasuries moved back to the upside following the pullback seen last Friday. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, dropped by 4.2 basis points to 2.376 percent. Looking Ahead The U.S. economic calendar remains relatively light on Tuesday, although the Commerce Department is due to release its report on wholesale inventories in the month of November. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Sunday, January 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President Trump’s E.P.A. Pick Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators By ERIC LIPTON and CORAL DAVENPORT If confirmed by the Senate, Scott Pruitt could be in charge of policing industries that have long helped advance his political career. His antipathy to federal regulation in many ways defined his tenure as Oklahoma’s chief law enforcement officer.  Comments What Do You Think Senators Should Ask Mr. Pruitt in His Confirmation Hearing? Trump Team May Eject Press Corps, Alarming Reporters By MICHAEL M. GRYNBAUM 4:23 PM ET Journalists were stunned by reports of a proposal to remove them from the West Wing, a move that would uproot decades of established protocol. Trump News Conference Gets ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Critic's Notebook Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal By AMANDA HESS 3:28 PM ET President-elect Donald J. Trump has always been hooked on recognition. More than ever, tweeting has given him a fitting outlet. ‘All Talk,’ Trump Says in Attack on Civil Rights Icon By MARK LANDLER The president-elect criticized Representative John Lewis of Georgia, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day. More in Politics When Trump Goes Low, Democrats Ask If They Should, Too In His Last Days, Obama Keeps Up Flurry of Activity In Texas, a Test of Whether Voting Act Still Has Teeth By MANNY FERNANDEZ A federal judge put Pasadena, Tex., under federal oversight after finding that city officials had discriminated against Latino voters. But an appeal is expected. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union By STEVEN ERLANGER Prime Minister Theresa May is said to be opting for a “hard Brexit,” taking Britain out of the European single market and the customs union. British Firms Await Brexit Plans, Poised to Relocate Low-Profile Drug Maker Has Powerful Washington Backers By KATIE THOMAS Representatives Chris Collins and Tom Price and other power players have substantial investments in Innate Immunotherapeutics, an Australian company with no approved drugs. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Slide Show Loading... What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered No one understood the role of fashion, and the potential uses of its power, better than the first lady. By VANESSA FRIEDMAN You Draw It: What Got Better or Worse During Obama’s Presidency Jolted by Deaths, Obama Found His Voice on Race Your Weekend Briefing By KAREN WORKMAN and MERRILL D. OLIVER Here’s what you need to know about the week’s top stories. Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living The Fix How to Get a High-End Kitchen on the Cheap By MICHELLE HIGGINS Sites like Craigslist may be the best way to score expensive appliances at rock-bottom prices. All you need is a little patience. A Short Puzzle to Test Your Memory By JASMINE C. LEE, JENNIFER DANIEL and KEVIN QUEALY A 2,000-year-old technique called the memory palace helped one of our contributors improve his memory. Can it work for you? Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. By LAURA M. HOLSON Hillary Clinton is popping up in restaurants and at social events around New York City, and being embraced by New Yorkers who seem to want to help her get over her election loss. New York Streets Are Seas of Black as Yellow Cabs Decline By WINNIE HU Facing growing competition from ride-hailing apps, taxis are struggling to remain relevant to a generation of digital-minded New Yorkers. A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. By ASHLEY ROSS Jeanette Lilly Hunt, 85, said she considered the young “M.L. King” a member of the family when he lived in her home in New Jersey while attending a seminary. N.F.L. Playoffs Live Updates: Packers Down Cowboys in Final Seconds By BENJAMIN HOFFMAN 8:03 PM ET Dallas, which at one point trailed 21-3, tried to match the franchise’s record for biggest comeback in a postseason game, but a last-minute field goal lifted Green Bay to a 34-31 win. Rodgers’s Hometown Celebrity Ends at His Front Door On This the N.F.L. Agrees: Cowboys’ Offensive Line Is No. 1 Leader of Chiefs’ Special Teams Gives the Humble Punt Its Due China’s Wind Turbines Laze, Yet 1 Is Built Every Hour By JAVIER C. HERNÁNDEZ 6:18 PM ET The Jiuquan Wind Power Base epitomizes the country’s ambition to become a global leader in clean energy. It also reflects the deep challenges facing the sector in China. Crime Scene Runaway Teenager Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away By MICHAEL WILSON Joannie’s case is a familiar one to prosecutors in the Bronx, who see runaway girls advertised for sex on Backpage.com. California Today The news and stories that matter to Californians (and anyone else interested in the state). Sign up to get it by email. The Daily 360 1:33 52 Places to Go: Madagascar Adam B. Ellick/The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Death Toll From Brazil Prison Riot Reaches 26; Decapitations Are Seen Bahrain Executes 3 Shiites Convicted in Police Attack Ringling Bros. Circus to End Its 146-Year Run UConn Women Rewrite History Again With 91st Win ‘La La Land’ Revives the Movie Musical When a song-and-dance film earns $132 million this fast, others will follow — with Emma Watson, Will Ferrell, Kristen Wiig and Josh Gad, for starters. A True Wonder of Alchemy: Soup Together, water, onions and time turn water into broth, bland into savory and thin into thick. But for those results, process is critical. Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Like reality-TV fans and some Donald J. Trump supporters, today’s novel readers may recognize the artifice before them but form a bond of “shared culpability.” Sunday Review Opinion Why Trump Can’t Make It 1981 Again By RUCHIR SHARMA Donald Trump says he can bring back the economic growth of the Reagan era. But economic forces won’t let him.  Comments Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Editorial Observer: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Kristof: Kremlin Employee of the Month? News Analysis The Linguistic Labyrinth of Arabic News By BEN HUBBARD Who’s a “rebel”? Which government is “legitimate”? In the Arab world, it depends on which TV channel you watch. Wehner: Eight Was Enough User Subscriptions Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days Raw Telexes to the Times Home Office From a Civil War Zone Times Insider » Tired? Or Fired Up and Ready to Go? Inside Obama’s Final Days The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Come On Along With Us Your Reading List Go to your reading list Find a great read for your list Stories you save are added to your Reading List. Access on any device. Learn More | Send Feedback Weekend Reads The Neediest Cases Maintaining a Sunny Spirit in the Face of Hardship Linda Ragoo, a beneficiary of Neediest Cases, has a variety of health issues that she combats with the laughter that frames her positive personality. In its 105th year, The New York Times Neediest Cases Fund has provided direct assistance to those struggling in New York and beyond. Donate now » From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Asia Pacific Inspired by ‘Downton,’ China’s Rich Hire Butlers Sunday Review Steve Harvey, Who Says I Won’t Steal Your Girl? Multimedia/Photos The Golden Era of New York Street Protests Music Podcast: Hip-Hop’s Elders Battle Its Youth (Again) Sunday Review Ivanka Trump’s Dangerous Fake Feminism She is selling us traditional femininity and support of male power in a feminist bow, writes Jill Filipovic. Travel Las Vegas Works to Charm Asian Travelers Music Review: First Concert at New Hall in Germany Sunday Review Notebook: That Time the K.G.B. Slipped Me Vodka The Trump dossier-related talk of “kompromat” and “dezinformatsiya” has been a blast from what was thought to be a distant past. Travel A London Restaurant Shifts to a Simpler Fare Book Review A Posthumous Memoir by Coretta Scott King Sunday Review Letters: Haunted by Vietnam Times Insider Telexes to The Times From a Civil War Zone Sections World » It Can Power a Small Nation. But This Wind Farm in China Is Mostly Idle. U.K. Set to Choose Sharp Break From European Union Rich Chinese, Inspired by ‘Downton,’ Fuel Demand for Butlers Business Day » With Guilty Plea, Takata Clears Way for a Likely Global Rescue Will a ‘Slap in the Face’ From Voters Revive Davos Agenda, or Daze It? How Davos Brings the Global Elite Together Opinion » Exposures: At Home With Barack and Michelle Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump U.S. » One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet In Texas, a Test of Whether the Voting Rights Act Still Has Teeth Scott Pruitt, Trump’s E.P.A. Pick, Backed Industry Donors Over Regulators Technology » The Other Kushner Brother’s Big Bet N.S.A. Gets More Latitude to Share Intercepted Communications Tech Fix: The Guide to Being an Airbnb Superhost Arts » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals Critic's Notebook: Trump, Twitter and the Art of His Deal Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Politics » On Washington: ‘Repeal and Replace’: Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.’s Health Care Strategy One Hand on Light Switch, Obama Isn’t Flipping to ‘Off’ Just Yet When He Goes Low, They Go … Where? Democrats Mull How to Confront Trump Fashion & Style » Critic's Notebook: What Michelle Obama Wore and Why It Mattered Wait. Is That Hillary Clinton? Let’s Go Say Hi. Critic's Notebook: The Last Jeweler on the Ponte Vecchio Movies » Hot on the Trail of ‘La La Land,’ Here Come More Movie Musicals For ‘The Red Turtle,’ Studio Ghibli Looks West for an ‘Eastern’ Approach How Movies and TV Address Rape and Revenge New York » A Camden Address With a Link to Martin Luther King Jr. Yellow Cab, Long a Fixture of City Life, Is for Many a Thing of the Past Crime Scene: Runaway Teenager Slowly Reveals Tale of Horrors While Away Sports » NFL Playoff Updates: Packers Advance; Steelers Trail Chiefs On Pro Football: Three Scores, and Dissatisfaction, for a Patriots Back As Australian Open Begins, Match Fixing Still Casts a Shadow Theater » For Early ‘Jersey Boys’ Investors, Oh, What a Run What August Wilson Means Now From Nosebleed Seats to the Stage, Actors Discuss August Wilson Science » SpaceX Launches Rocket, Its First Since Explosion on Launchpad Trilobites: Sometimes Nature is Morbid. That’s Why There’s #BestCarcass. Trilobites: For the First Time, a Ruby Sea Dragon Flaunts in Front of the Camera Obituaries » Jimmy Snuka, Ex-Pro Wrestler Known as Superfly, Dies at 73 Conservationist Bud Lilly, ‘a Trout’s Best Friend,’ Dies at 91 Tony Rosato, of 1981-82 ‘Saturday Night Live’ Cast, Dies at 62 Television » Donald Trump News Conference Gets the ‘S.N.L.’ Treatment Review: A Transfer of Power in ‘Homeland.’ Situation Normal, for Now. Review: Thoroughly Modern ‘Victoria,’ Still Nursing That Crush Health » Study Maps ‘Uniquely Devastating’ Genital Injuries Among Troops Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear The Weekly Health Quiz: Smartphones and Smart Dogs Travel » Where I Live: Where I Live: Washington, D.C. Muse: How to Use a Novel as a Guidebook 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Charleston, S.C. Books » Reader's Notebook: Lie to Me: Fiction in the Post-Truth Era Nonfiction: Is Edward Snowden a Spy? A New Book Calls Him One. Nonfiction: Kareem Abdul-Jabbar on Two Books About Muslim Identity Education » Donations Pour In to Band From Black College That Will Play at Inauguration Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Justices Face ‘Blizzard of Words’ in Special Education Case Food » City Kitchen: Make Cauliflower and Broccoli More Compelling One Cookie, 2 Versions: Why Girl Scout S’mores Won’t All Be the Same The Pour: 20 Wines Under $20: Reds for Winter Moods and Foods Sunday Review » Opinion: No Racial Barrier Left to Break (Except All of Them) Editorial: The Optimism of Barack Obama Maureen Dowd: Judd Apatow Freaking Out Over Donald Trump Real Estate » When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar The Right Time to Sell Is Anytime On the Market: Homes for Sale in Brooklyn and Manhattan The Upshot » Public Health: The Biggest Changes Obamacare Made, and Those That May Disappear Cost of College: Programs That Are Predatory: It’s Not Just the For-Profit Colleges Public Health: Obamacare Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers? Magazine » Feature: President Duterte’s List First Words: I Know How It Feels to Be Someone’s ‘Token.’ I’m Sure Ben Carson Does, Too. Feature: Neanderthals Were People, Too Automobiles » 3 Takata Executives Face Criminal Charges Over Exploding Airbags E.P.A. Accuses Fiat Chrysler of Secretly Violating Emissions Standards Driven: The Volvo S90 Is Very Swedish, and Very Appealing T Magazine » Gosha Rubchinskiy’s Russian Men’s Wear Show A String Quartet Concert, With an A.I. Assist My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Asif Kapadia Times Insider » Save the Date: Feb. 7: Will Shortz: Meet the Puzzle Master! The Robot That Performed My Kidney Transplant Declined to Be Interviewed Talk to The Times: Should Celebrities Use Their Platforms to Express Political Opinions? Real Estate » Ask Real Estate What to Do if the Seller Backs Out By RONDA KAYSEN If a buyer backs out of a contract, the deposit is lost. But what recourse does the buyer have if the seller wants out? More Articles in the Series Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Shake Shack Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shake Shack Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Shake Shack, Inc. (SHAK) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Buckingham Research Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Buckingham Research lowered shares of Shake Shack, Inc. (NYSE:SHAK) from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research report report published on Friday. They currently have $40.00 target price on the stock, up from their prior target price of $39.45. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Shake Shack from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, October 5th. Jefferies Group reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a $38.00 price target (up from $36.00) on shares of Shake Shack in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Barclays PLC reaffirmed an equal weight rating and issued a $40.00 price target on shares of Shake Shack in a research note on Friday, November 11th. Wedbush reaffirmed an underperform rating and issued a $28.00 price target (down from $39.00) on shares of Shake Shack in a research note on Saturday, October 15th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a $38.00 price target on shares of Shake Shack in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $39.03. Shake Shack (NYSE:SHAK) traded down 3.31% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $35.38. 1,474,201 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Shake Shack has a 52-week low of $30.00 and a 52-week high of $43.99. The company has a 50-day moving average of $37.20 and a 200-day moving average of $36.12. The company has a market capitalization of $881.71 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 77.76 and a beta of 1.33. Shake Shack (NYSE:SHAK) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.14 by $0.01. The firm earned $74.60 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $69.18 million. Shake Shack had a net margin of 3.97% and a return on equity of 7.12%. Shake Shack’s revenue was up 40.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.12 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Shake Shack will post $0.46 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Shake Shack, Inc. (SHAK) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Buckingham Research” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/shake-shack-inc-shak-downgraded-to-neutral-at-buckingham-research.html. In other Shake Shack news, major shareholder Laura J. Sloate sold 15,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.31, for a total value of $559,650.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 12,500 shares in the company, valued at approximately $466,375. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO Randall J. Garutti sold 8,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, October 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $32.11, for a total transaction of $256,880.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 11,100 shares in the company, valued at approximately $356,421. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 44.69% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in Shake Shack by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 58,579 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,031,000 after buying an additional 175 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in Shake Shack by 5.3% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 6,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its position in Shake Shack by 0.9% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 33,234 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,152,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Credit Suisse AG raised its position in Shake Shack by 4.6% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 10,334 shares of the company’s stock valued at $358,000 after buying an additional 458 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Numeric Investors LLC raised its position in Shake Shack by 0.6% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 94,268 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,434,000 after buying an additional 600 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 94.81% of the company’s stock. Shake Shack Company Profile Shake Shack Inc operates roadside burger stands. The Company serves an American menu of burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, frozen custard, crinkle cut fries, shakes, beer and wine, among others. The Company has approximately 84 Shacks in over 10 countries and approximately 45 cities. The Company’s signature items are its all-natural, hormone and antibiotic-free burgers, hot dogs, crispy chicken, crinkle cut fries, shakes and frozen custard. Receive News & Ratings for Shake Shack Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Shake Shack Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous SAP SE (SAP) Given New $91.00 Price Target at Royal Bank Of Canada Next » SSP Group PLC’s (SSPG) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Numis Securities Ltd Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Careers BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, and 12 other banks hiring for high-paying jobs like crazy right now Rachel Gillett Jan. 9, 2017, 3:41 PM 291,149 facebook linkedin twitter email print High-paying jobs in finance are easier to come by at these companies.Brendan McDermid/Reuters If you're looking for a new job in finance, you may want to check out openings at Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan Chase, and Wells Fargo. Those three companies are doing some of the heaviest hiring for jobs in the US that pay more than $100,000 base salary a year, according to Indeed. The job-search engine compiled a list of big banks trying to fill the most full-time jobs that pay over $100,000. The salary data is a combination of company and user input. Here are the 14 big-name banks with the largest number of job openings in the US right now for high-paying jobs: View As: One Page Slides 14. UBS Thomson Reuters Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 50 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 0.55% The Swiss global financial services company employs more than 60,000 employees. 13. Goldman Sachs Reuters/ Lucas Jackson Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 100 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 0.98%  The American multinational finance company was founded in 1869 and employs more than 34,000 people. 12. HSBC Thomson Reuters Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 150 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 1.08% With more than 266,000 employees, HSBC is one of the world's largest banking and financial services organizations. 11. Deutsche Bank REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 200 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 1.25% Deutsche Bank employs over 100,000 people in 70 countries. 10. KeyBank Texas141/Wikipedia Commons Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 200 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 1.32%  The American regional bank headquartered in Cleveland employs more than 20,000 people. 9. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Junko Kimura / Getty Images Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 250 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 1.51% Japan's largest financial group and the world's second-largest bank holding company employs more than 106,800 employees. 8. US Bank Wikimedia Commons Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 250 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 1.57% Headquartered in Minneapolis, US Bank employs about 60,000 people. 7. The Bank of New York Mellon REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 400 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 2.67% BNY Mellon is an American worldwide banking and financial services corporation and the world's largest custodian bank with more than 51,000 employees. 6. PNC Bank Thomson Reuters Job openings (for positions paying over $50,000 a year): more than 450 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 2.87% PNC has been around since the mid-1800s. With over 50,000 employees, the bank is headquartered in Pittsburgh. 5. Bank Of America REUTERS/Shannon Stapleton Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 500 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 3.13% Founded in 1904, the Charlotte, North Carolina-based company now has over 200,000 employees. 4. Morgan Stanley Spencer Platt/Getty Images Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 550 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 3.51% With more than 55,000 employees, Morgan Stanley is an American multinational financial services corporation. 3. Citi Getty Images / Justin Sullivan Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 750 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 4.56% One of the largest banks in the world, Citi employs close to 240,000 employees. 2. Wells Fargo Rick Wilking/ Reuters Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 2,000 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 11.70% The financial-services company, founded in 1852, employs about 265,000 people. 1. JPMorgan Chase Andrew Burton / Getty Images Job openings (for positions paying more than $100,000 a year): more than 2,000 Percent of jobs paying more than $100,000 on Indeed: 12.07% JPMorgan Chase is a global financial services firm and one of the largest banks in the US, with over 240,000 employees in more than 60 countries.   DON'T MISS: Amazon, IBM, and 8 other big companies hiring for high-paying jobs like crazy right now SEE ALSO: The 50 best places to work in 2017, according to employees More: Features Jobs Hiring JPMorgan PNC Goldman Sachs Wells Fargo Citi Bank Banks facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, and 12 other banks hiring for high-paying jobs like crazy right now Goldman Sachs, JP Morgan, and 12 other banks hiring for high-paying jobs like crazy right now If you're looking for a new job in finance, you... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Careers Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Careers Select Instant MBA More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: A Look at Two PayPal Competitors Can ClearXchange and Apple Pay rival PayPal in the wide-open mobile payments race? John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Image source:  PayPal Holdings, Inc. The mobile payment landscape is getting crowded. Major technology companies like Google, Facebook, and Amazon, along with big banks and credit card issuers, are jockeying for position in a fast growing market. As mobile payments adoption expands, the services that are easy to access and easy to use are in the best position to lead the race. PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) has been leading the race for over ten years. Two competitors that could give PayPal a run for its money is a new peer to peer (P2P) payment service, ClearXchange, and Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) own mobile payment service Apple Pay. Big banks have an answer for Venmo ClearXchange is owned by Bank of America, BB&T, Capital One Financial, JP Morgan Chase, PNC Financial Services Group, U.S. Bancorp, and Wells Fargo. Some of the top banks in the world are already in the ClearXchange network and reach over 250 million people. It is the banks' response to the popularity and growth of PayPal's P2P payment service, Venmo, which is growing rapidly and is on pace to process about $20 billion in annual transaction volume over the next four quarters. ClearXchange offers a very straightforward and convenient service. All you need to send someone money is an email address or mobile phone number. The money is sent directly from the senders' bank account to the recipients'. Even if someone holds a bank account not included in the ClearXchange network, they can still sign up to receive payments. On top of the convenience of transferring money directly in and out of bank accounts, the service is fee free. However, Venmo is also free for all transaction types except credit cards. While the ability to directly transfer money to and from bank accounts is attractive, it's not clear whether ClearXchange differentiates itself enough to persuade Venmo's core users, millennials, to use it. One reason for the growth of Venmo is that it is not associated or owned by traditional financial institutions, an aspect that appeals to a younger generation. Both PayPal and Venmo users can still send money or pay for goods even if there is insufficient funds in their account balance, making these services as easy and convenient to use as ClearXchange. Apple has the numbers Perhaps a more significant elephant to battle against is Apple Pay. Since Apple Pay's launch in 2014, Apple has been quietly signing up banks and credit unions worldwide to allow credit and debit cards to be enrolled in Apple Pay. Recently, Apple added support for 17 more credit unions and banks bringing the total to over 1,600 worldwide. Although Apple doesn't disclose specific numbers, the service seems to be enjoying growing adoption. In 2016, CEO Tim Cook reported that 75% of all contactless payments in the U.S. were through Apple Pay.  Apple Pay transactions increased nearly 500% year over year in the most recent quarter. More transactions were completed in September 2016 than the entire fiscal 2015. Apple's major partners reported that Apple Pay has the highest conversion rate of any digital wallet, and management expects two-thirds of the top 100 retailers to support Apple Pay in 2017. Apple Pay was launched for the Safari web browser for the first time in September 2016, opening up another avenue for users to engage with the service.   This success is not surprising. Apple is one of the most recognized brands in the world and has sold over one billion iPhones since the launch of the original in 2007, giving Apple a huge installed base. Of course, some of these purchases are upgrades for existing users, and some people may not even use an iPhone anymore. One analyst estimates the total installed base of Apple's iPhone is around 400 million. By comparison, PayPal had 192 million active customer accounts at the end of September 2016. Whatever the exact number for Apple's installed base, it's reasonable to assume Apple has a potential customer base that rivals PayPal's. The important distinction for Apple is its control over both hardware and software. Since Apple designs the hardware and software, it can control access to hardware components and software functionality inside an iPhone. Because of this closed system, only Apple can program software to access the Near Field Communication (NFC) chip inside iPhones and Apple Watches. The NFC chip in an iPhone 6 or later model connects wirelessly to a NFC chip reader in a retail store, for example, to share payment data. The NFC chip enables Apple Watch users to simply turn the crown or wave their wrist in the air, wait for a beep, and, voila, payment sent. Third-party app developers, such as PayPal, do not have the luxury of allowing its users to wave their wrists in the air to send payment.   There's no winner-take-all Although Apple does not disclose specific operating metrics for Apple Pay, the statistics CEO Tim Cook discloses on conference calls are enough to assume Apple's total payment volume (TPV) is growing along with the mobile payments industry. The good news for PayPal is that its own TPV has been growing consistently at 20% or more since the launch of Apple Pay. The parallel growth of these two services along with the continued growth of credit card issuers, Visa and MasterCard, highlights the size of the opportunity for all payment solutions. PayPal management puts the company's addressable market at $100 trillion. Over the last four quarters, PayPal's TPV is $336 billion, so there is a very long runway of growth, not only for PayPal, but its competitors as well. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon.com, Apple, Facebook, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Jan 9, 2017 at 3:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $119.04 down $0.21 (-0.18%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $41.60 up $0.04 (0.10%) Read More PayPal Isn't Letting Its Visa and MasterCard Deals Bring It Down What to Watch at PayPal in 2017 An Obvious Winner of the E-commerce Revolution PayPal Joins Forces With Visa: Smart Move PayPal's Revenue Growth Continues Unabated Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool A Look at Two PayPal Competitors #stocks $AAPL, $PYPL
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Health Care Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine J&J CEO: Company spoke with Trump team about health-care system Berkeley Lovelace Jr. | @BerkeleyJr Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 3:22 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters J&J CEO: Pleased with performance, but far from satisfied    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 1:15 PM ET | 05:37 Johnson & Johnson CEO Alex Gorsky told CNBC on Monday that the health-care giant spoke with "the administration around" President-elect Donald Trump regarding the state of the U.S. health-care system. "And the kinds of things we're talking about is how can we take what I believe is one of the very best health-care systems in the world and how can we make it even better? How can we make changes, recognizing the challenges, economic pressures, regulatory pressures, but keep essential elements like innovation through better integration?" Gorsky said on CNBC's "Power Lunch." Gorsky's comments, speaking at the 35th annual JPMorgan health-care conference in San Francisco, come after Trump said he intends to repeal the Affordable Care Act, popularly known as Obamacare. Last month Trump also blasted the entire drug industry in an interview with Time magazine, sending shares of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies lower. "I'm going to bring down drug prices," the president-elect said. "I don't like what has happened with drug prices." Despite Trump's rhetoric around the drug industry, Johnson & Johnson's stock is up so far in 2017. Gorksy said the company is pleased with its performance overall, but far from satisfied. "The underlying driver in all that is about innovation. It is about execution and it is about delivering on our commitments," he said. "Over the past four years, we've been able to launch 15 brand new pharmaceutical products that have been great for patients, but also have been a real driver in our business." Johnson & Johnson is currently negotiating a deal to acquire Swiss biotechnology company Actelion. On Friday, a Reuters report said the two companies have asked Switzerland's takeover board about the viability of a complicated takeover deal. Gorksy said the company will look to make more deals in 2017. "We're always a deal maker. Take a look at us historically over the 20, 10, five years," he said. Berkeley Lovelace Jr.News Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JNJ --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Parsley Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parsley Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Shares of Parsley Energy, Inc. (NYSE:PE) have been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the thirty-two brokerages that are presently covering the company. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twenty-two have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating on the company. The average 12-month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $33.54. Several brokerages recently issued reports on PE. Drexel Hamilton began coverage on Parsley Energy in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. They set a “buy” rating and a $44.00 target price for the company. KeyCorp raised their target price on Parsley Energy from $42.00 to $44.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Zacks Investment Research raised Parsley Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. FBR & Co began coverage on Parsley Energy in a research report on Tuesday, September 13th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $41.00 target price for the company. Finally, Nomura reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $17.00 target price on shares of Parsley Energy in a research report on Monday, September 26th. In related news, insider Mike Hinson sold 25,000 shares of Parsley Energy stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.05, for a total value of $851,250.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 471,653 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,059,784.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Bryan Sheffield sold 312,500 shares of Parsley Energy stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $34.89, for a total transaction of $10,903,125.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 13,033,741 shares in the company, valued at approximately $454,747,223.49. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 24.17% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Redwood Investments LLC bought a new stake in Parsley Energy during the second quarter worth approximately $17,455,000. Macquarie Group Ltd. boosted its stake in shares of Parsley Energy by 58.0% in the second quarter. Macquarie Group Ltd. now owns 523,178 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,157,000 after buying an additional 192,035 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Parsley Energy by 825.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 273,650 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,171,000 after buying an additional 244,074 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Parsley Energy by 6.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,865,908 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,547,000 after buying an additional 249,176 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Parsley Energy by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 605,885 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,303,000 after buying an additional 2,134 shares during the last quarter. 91.25% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Shares of Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) traded down 2.51% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $35.69. 1,159,393 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is $6.41 billion. Parsley Energy has a 12 month low of $14.51 and a 12 month high of $39.82. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $36.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $33.01. Parsley Energy (NYSE:PE) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.03 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.02 by $0.01. The business earned $132.67 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $82.30 million. Parsley Energy had a positive return on equity of 0.24% and a negative net margin of 15.86%. Parsley Energy’s revenue for the quarter was up 106.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.08) EPS. Analysts predict that Parsley Energy will post $0.11 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/parsley-energy-inc-pe-given-consensus-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Parsley Energy Company Profile Parsley Energy, Inc is an independent oil and natural gas company. The Company is focused on the acquisition, development and exploitation of unconventional oil and natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin. The Permian Basin is located in West Texas and Southeastern New Mexico and comprises over three primary sub-areas: the Midland Basin, the Central Basin Platform and the Delaware Basin. Receive News & Ratings for Parsley Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parsley Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Gazit-Globe Ltd. (GZT) Rating Lowered to Sell at TheStreet Next » Schroders plc (SDR) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × PRO Uncut LATEST Live TV Platinum Portfolio Halftime Portfolio PRO Talks PRO Uncut Start Over| ‹ PRO Uncut: BlackRock's Larry Fink on Trump PRO Uncut: Jack Bogle interview Value investor Bill Nygren sees opportunity in beaten-up health-care stocks PRO Uncut: Alnylam CEO on what's ahead for the biotech up 19% this year PRO Uncut: Sarepta Therapeutics CEO Dr. Ed Kaye PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli interview PRO Uncut: Larry Summers on why Trump's tax reform plan won't work PRO Uncut: CEO of small-cap biotech Blueprint Medicines Juno CEO gives 2017 outlook after drug trial halt cut stock in half last year PRO Uncut: Andrew Left interview Leon Cooperman reveals his favorite value stocks for 2017 PRO Uncut: Billionaire hedgie Marc Lasry on Trump, markets PRO Uncut: Star-analyst-turned-VC Gene Munster PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: AB Bernstein's Seth Masters PRO Uncut: Steve Eisman of 'The Big Short' PRO Uncut: Valeant CEO Joseph Papa PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn Trader Jon Najarian eyeing contrarian trade before the Fed PRO Uncut: Kevin Plank PRO Uncut: Michael Lewis PRO Uncut: Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz Jon Najarian tries to strike oil with these stocks PRO Uncut: Jeff Vinik Jon Najarian: Here's how to lock in your Trump rally gains PRO Uncut: Bill Gross PRO Uncut: Jeff Immelt PRO Uncut: Jeff Gundlach PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Stan Druckenmiller Hedge fund playbook for Trump PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: Jim O'Neill PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz PRO Uncut: Marc Faber PRO Uncut: Bernstein, El-Erian, Paulsen PRO Uncut: Wilbur Ross PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Elon Musk Santelli and Bianco on Trump PRO Uncut: Nassim Taleb Najarian's Trump upset hedge PRO Uncut: Fed decision panel PRO Uncut: Mark Cuban PRO Uncut: Andrew Left PRO Uncut: Julian Robertson PRO Uncut: Procter & Gamble CEO PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos PRO Uncut: Bill Miller PRO Uncut: Jana's Rosenstein PRO Uncut: Lloyd Blankfein PRO Uncut: Nelson Peltz PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos PRO Uncut: Dinan and Lasry PRO Uncut: Jeff Gundlach PRO Uncut: Carl Icahn PRO Uncut: David Tepper PRO Uncut: Peter Boockvar PRO Uncut: Eric Rosengren PRO Uncut: Aswath Damodaran PRO Uncut: Louise Yamada PRO Uncut: Mario Gabelli PRO Uncut: Leon Cooperman PRO Uncut: Bill Nygren Lazear on low interest rates PRO Uncut: Francisco Blanch PRO Uncut: Dick Bove PRO Uncut: Mohamed El-Erian PRO Uncut: Jeff Currie PRO Uncut: Sheryl Sandberg PRO Uncut: Bruce Berkowitz Buffett's 5 best tips PRO Uncut: Jim Grant PRO Uncut: Nouriel Roubini PRO Uncut: Larry Summers PRO Uncut: Elizabeth Warren PRO Uncut: Bill Miller PRO Uncut: Jim Chanos PRO Uncut: Neel Kashkari PRO Uncut: Brian Moynihan PRO Uncut: Valeant CEO Keep buying dividend stocks PRO Uncut: Leon Cooperman PRO Uncut: Josh Spencer Santelli: Obamacare's faults › PRO Uncut Juno Therapeutics CEO gives 2017 outlook after drug trial halt cut stock in half last year Tae Kim | @firstadopter Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 2:38 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Juno Therapeutics CEO Hans Bishop gave an update on the biotech company in an exclusive CNBC PRO interview with CNBC's Meg Tirrell from JPMorgan's Annual Healthcare Conference in San Francisco. "The ultimate goal of the company is to be the therapeutic leader by best understanding the science and further improving on the types of therapies we have today," he said. "The types of product candidates we have can not only dramatically help patients — they can also help save money." Juno shares were down by more than 50 percent in 2016 after the company halted a clinical trial in November 2016. Bishop commented on the trial halt, competition and long-term strategy of the company. To watch the interview in its entirety, you must be a CNBC PRO subscriber. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JUNO --- PRO Uncut Full interview with BlackRock CEO Larry Fink on risks to the Trump rally Full interview with former Vanguard CEO Jack Bogle on Trump's agenda Value investor Bill Nygren sees opportunity in beaten-up health-care stocks on 'Obamacare' repeal Alnylam CEO on what's ahead for the biotech up 19% this year Sarepta Therapeutics CEO says drug launch is 'going very well' as shares rally 38% this month To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
VISIT CNBC.COM VISIT CNBC.COM Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials SHOWS Home Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials All Shows Adventure Capitalists American Greed Billion Dollar Buyer Blue Collar Millionaires Cleveland Hustles Ground Zero Rising Jay Leno’s Garage Make Me a Millionaire Inventor The New Celebrity Apprentice The Deed The Filthy Rich Guide The Partner The Profit The Profit in Cuba Secret Lives of the Super Rich Shark Tank Undercover Boss West Texas Investors Club Full Episodes Live Store X Money Money The 10 best credit cards to use in 2017 Kathleen Elkins | @kathleen_elk Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 1:59 PM ET CNBC.com Liam Norris | Getty Images SHARES Choosing a credit card is no easy task. There are hundreds to choose from and the best card for you will depend on how much debt you have, where you spend your money and your travel habits. To help you narrow down the options, personal finance and credit card comparison site NerdWallet recently came up with a list of the best credit cards for everyone from small business owners to avid travelers. The site considered fees, promotional and ongoing APRs, and sign-up bonuses. For rewards cards, it factored in earning and redemption rates, redemption options and redemption difficulty. Here are NerdWallet's top picks for 2017: THE BEST FOR FLAT-RATE TRAVEL REWARDS Capital One Venture Rewards Card Annual fee: $0 for the first year, then $59 per year. Purchase APR: Variable rate from 13.49% to 23.49%. Why it's best: Earn unlimited two miles on every dollar you spend, with no limit to how many miles you can earn. No foreign transaction fees. The sign-up bonus will earn you 40,000 miles when you spend $3,000 on purchases within three months of approval, which is equal to $400 in travel. THE BEST FOR BONUS TRAVEL REWARDS Chase Sapphire Preferred Card Annual fee: $0 for the first year, then $95 per year. Purchase APR: Variable rate from 16.24% to 23.24%. Why it's best: Earn two rewards points per $1 spent on travel and dining, and one point per $1 spent anywhere else. No foreign transaction fees. Earn 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 on purchases within three months of approval, which is equal to $625 in travel. show chapters Adopt these millionaires' habits to get rich in 2017    Friday, 6 Jan 2017 | 11:30 AM ET | 01:11 THE BEST FOR FLAT-RATE CASH BACK Citi Double Cash Card Annual fee: $0 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on balance transfers for 18 months. After that, variable rate from 13.49% to 23.49%. Why it's best: With the Citi Double Cash card, you'll earn unlimited 1% cash back on all your purchases and an additional 1% cash back when you pay them off, making it one of the only cards that pays you when you spend and pay your balance. You choose whether your cash back comes as a check, statement credit or a gift card. THE BEST FOR BONUS-CATEGORY CASH BACK Chase Freedom Annual fee: $0 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers for 15 months. After that, variable rate from 14.24% to 23.24%. Why it's best: Earn a $150 bonus after you spend $500 on purchases within three months of approval. Earn 5% cash back in categories that change each quarter (up to $1,500 per quarter), and 1% back on everything else. The rotating categories are broad and have included gas stations, grocery stores, restaurants and holiday shopping. THE BEST FOR EVERYDAY SPENDING Blue Cash Preferred Card from American Express Annual fee: $95 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers for 12 months. After that, variable rate from 13.49% to 23.49%. Why it's best: If you buy groceries and drive a car, the Blue Cash Preferred is the card for you. You'll earn 6% cash back on groceries (up to $6,000 spent annually), 3% back at gas stations and department stores, and 1% on everything else. Plus, get $150 back after you spend $1,000 in purchases within three months of approval. show chapters What not to do at work this year    Tuesday, 20 Dec 2016 | 12:24 PM ET | 01:25 THE BEST FOR BALANCE TRANSFERS Chase Slate Annual fee: $0 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers for 15 months. After that, variable rate from 13.24% to 23.24%. Why it's best: If you're looking to pay off debt interest- and fee-free, the Chase Slate is one of your best options with its introductory offer of a 0% APR and $0 balance transfer fee. Most other cards charge a fee of 3% to 5% of the total amount you transfer. THE BEST FOR PEOPLE WHO HATE FEES Citi Simplicity Card Annual fee: $0 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on purchases and balance transfers for 21 months. After that, variable rate from 13.49% to 23.49% Why it's best: While it doesn't offer rewards, the Citi Simplicity is the only card with no late fees, no penalty rate, and no annual fee. It also offers the longest 0% APR period. THE BEST FOR PEOPLE WITH AVERAGE CREDIT Capital One QuicksilverOne Cash Rewards Card Annual fee: $39 Purchase APR: 24.99% (APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate) Why it's best: The QuicksilverOne can help if you're looking to build your credit, as long as you make your monthly payments on time. It offers generous rewards for a card of its kind: 1.5% cash back on every purchase, with no limit on how much you can earn. show chapters Fun and easy ways to make some extra cash    Friday, 16 Dec 2016 | 12:25 PM ET | 01:12 THE BEST FOR COLLEGE STUDENTS Discover it for Students Annual fee: $0 Purchase APR: 0% intro APR on purchases for six months and 10.99% on balance transfers for six months. After that, variable rate from 13.49% to 22.49%. Why it's best: It's smart to start building strong credit in college. This card offers a unique rewards program for students who get good grades: If your GPA is 3.0 or higher at the end of the year, you'll get $20 cash back annually for up to five years. You'll also earn 5% cash back in rotating categories on up to $1,500 in spending per quarter, and 1% back on everything else. Plus, Discover matches all the cash back you earn at the end of your first year. THE BEST FOR SMALL BUSINESS Capital One Spark Cash for Business Annual fee: $0 for the first year, then $59 per year. Purchase APR: 17.49% (APR will vary with the market based on the Prime Rate) Why it's best: This card will give your business 2% cash back on every purchase, with no category restrictions or spending caps. You can add employee cards for no additional cost and earn all the rewards from their purchases. It also comes with a generous sign-up bonus: $500 in cash if you spend $4,500 on purchases within three months of approval. show chapters Making the most of credit card perks    Tuesday, 3 May 2016 | 8:00 AM ET | 01:13 Kathleen Elkins Primetime Shows Watch full episodes | TV schedule To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Egalet's FDA Approval May Have Triggered Major Short Squeeze Wayne Duggan , Benzinga Staff Writer     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 09, 2017 2:10pm   Comments Share: Related EGLT KemPharm CEO On Recent Results, Catalysts And Prospects: 'ADHD Is By Far The Larger Market Opportunity' 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Tuesday Egalet Corp (NASDAQ: EGLT) shares jumped as much as 17 percent on Monday before being halted following news that the FDA has approved ARYMO ER. In its JPMorgan Healthcare Conference presentation, the company said it plans to launch ARYMO ER starting in Q1 2017. The positive news and subsequent halt is a nightmare scenario for the many Egalet short sellers in the market who are now powerless to cover their positions as word of the approval spreads. For Egalet bulls, the FDA approval is a double-bullish catalyst for the stock. In addition to the potential for ARYMO ER to hit the market within months, the stock’s 17 percent spike may the beginning of a massive short squeeze. While Egalet shares have drifted lower by 7.6 percent in the past year, short sellers have piled on. In fact, Egalet’s short interest is up 226.0 percent from a year ago. According to shortsqueeze.com, Egalet currently has a staggering short percent o float of 60.8 percent. The stock has more than 7.4 million shares held short with 11.5 days to cover. When the stock resumes trading, short sellers must hope their fellow shorts will not panic and rush to cover all at once. If they do, the resulting short squeeze could dwarf the 17 percent move the stock made prior to the halt. Posted-In: Biotech Long Ideas News FDA Events Movers Trading Ideas General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (EGLT) KemPharm CEO On Recent Results, Catalysts And Prospects: 'ADHD Is By Far The Larger Market Opportunity' 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Tuesday Egalet Shareholders Worried About Limited Use For Newly Approved ARYMO ER Why Egalet Shares Are Plummeting After FDA Approval Of ARYMO ER The Market In 5 Minutes: Altaba, American Apparel And Alabama-Clemson 20 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Sign up for email alerts on EGLT Trending Recent 1 PODD, DXCM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 GOOGL, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 4 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 NFLX, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 MDT, DXCM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products MeetMe Shares Tumble As Bullish Analyst Turns Bear Earnings Season Kicks Off With Bank Earnings Bonanza
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Top 11 Affordable Food Trends to Watch for in 2017 Is Child Support Taxable Income? These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account American Express High-Yield Savings Account Review: No Fees and No Minimums These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips What’s the Tax Rate on Interest Income From Inherited CDs? How CD Laddering Works These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans Every Personal Loan Option for Your Credit Score 6 Purchases You Should Never Make With Personal Loans These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News 6 Best and Worst Stocks After Last Quarter’s Earnings Reports How to Read Stock Charts in Less Than a Minute These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 401k Withdrawal Tips to Help You Retire Early 13 Ways to Increase Your 401k These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 6 Times When Your Debit Card Is Better Than Your Credit Card 10 Free Student Checking Accounts These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers Best BAnks Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips Chase Credit Card Comparison: How the New Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Stacks Up How to Apply for a Credit Card These 5 Top Brokerages Do More Than Average Online Brokers follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Banking > Financial Institutions > Best Banks > Best Banks 2017 Editors’ Picks Best Banks 2017 Editors’ PicksFrom the best checking accounts to the best savings rates, get the most bang for your buck with these top banks. By Andrew DePietro January 9, 2017 David M G / Shutterstock.com Choosing the right bank is a crucial financial decision — but often the search can be difficult if you don’t know what to look for. The editors at GOBankingRates identified the best banks, checking accounts, savings accounts, certificate of deposit accounts and online banks in its Best Banks of 2017 study. Take a look at the Editors’ Picks of the Best Banks for 2017 and why these financial institutions really stand out from the pack. Bank Category Editors’ Pick Award Citibank Best National Banks Excellence of Products Chase Bank Best National Banks Top Credit Card Rewards Bank5 Connect Best Online Banks Top Customer Service Discover Bank Best Online Banks Quality and Range of Products Ally Bank Best Savings Accounts No Fees or Minimums Barclays Bank Delaware Best Savings Accounts No Fees or Minimums AloStar Bank of Commerce Best Savings Accounts High Yields Capital One Best Checking Accounts No Fees or Minimums Discover Bank Best Checking Accounts Rewards CIT Bank Best CD Accounts Bonus Offer Barclays Bank Delaware Best CD Accounts No Minimums Ally Bank Best CD Accounts No Minimums Best National Banks Although TD Bank was recognized as the best bank in the U.S., many other national banks in the 2017 Best Banks study offer top-of-the-line financial products, and two of them really stood out. Don’t Miss: 10 Best National Banks of 2017 Excellence of Products: Citibank Recognized as one of the best national banks of 2017, Citibank offers several ways to grow your wealth and reach your financial goals. Citibank earned an Editors’ Pick because of the institution’s range and quality of bank products, which include checking accounts with no minimum deposit, mortgage loans, credit cards, CD laddering, and much more. Top Credit Card Rewards: Chase Bank Chase Bank’s savings accounts and CDs might not offer the highest yields, but the bank does offer several products such as credit cards, checking accounts, savings accounts, auto loans, student loans and mortgages, which is why Chase was recognized as one of the best national banks of 2017. Chase earned an Editors’ Pick, however, because of its great credit card rewards: Chase Freedom Unlimited credit card, for example, rewards you with a $150 bonus after you spend $500 in the first three months of opening an account, plus unlimited 1.5 percent cash back on every purchase automatically. Best Online Banks With online banking, you tend to get the best bank interest rates because, unlike traditional banks, they don’t have to devote resources to brick-and-mortar branches and other overhead costs. As a result, online banks have the capacity to redistribute their business savings back to customers. Here are two of the best online banks that editors recognized for specific excellence. Top Customer Service: Bank5 Connect If you’re looking for one of the best online banks, Bank5 Connect is one of the finalists in that category. Bank5 Connect also earned an Editors’ Pick for its excellent customer service. What makes Bank5 Connect’s customer service really stand apart from most banks is its live customer support chat feature — a technical perk that only two other top online banks offer. Quality and Range of Products: Discover Bank Besides offering some of the best savings accounts, best checking accounts and best CD accounts, Discover Bank earned an Editors’ Pick for its convenient, high-quality financial products and features. Discover provides flexible CD terms between three months and 10 years, over 60,000 free ATMs, no monthly maintenance fees on checking and savings accounts, and 0.95% APY on online savings accounts. Best Savings Accounts The key to saving money is keeping more of your earnings than you spend. In terms of finding the best savings account, that means identifying accounts that don’t drain your balance with fees and that reward your savings with high APYs. See: 10 Best Savings Accounts of 2017 No Fees or Minimums: Ally Bank and Barclays Bank Delaware Ally Bank was awarded the top position in the best online bank category for the third consecutive year. And Ally Bank has been further recognized by GOBankingRates’ editors as one of the best savings accounts, along with Barclays Bank Delaware, for having no fees or minimum deposits. In addition, Ally and Barclays do not require a minimum balance to maintain a savings account, and both banks’ online savings accounts have a 1.00% APY — which is one of the best savings rates you can get. High Yields: AloStar Bank of Commerce AloStar Bank of Commerce is a repeat contender across multiple categories of the Best Banks study. This year, AloStar Bank earned recognition for having one of the best savings account rates and garnered an Editors’ Pick due to its excellent 1.05% APY. AloStar Bank also garnered high marks in the Best CD category, offering 1.05% APY for 12-month CDs with a minimum deposit of $1,000 and 1.61% APY for 60-month CDs. Best Checking Accounts If you want to open a checking account, keep in mind that most checking accounts tend to earn less interest than savings accounts, but a high yield might not be the best criterion for choosing a checking account. GOBankingRates’ editors recognized two best banks for their exceptional checking account features. No Fees or Minimums: Capital One Capital One Bank’s 360 Checking offers a solid bang for your buck. With 360 Checking, you get an interest checking account — capable of earning 0.90% APY with a deposit of $100,000 or more — while at the same time avoiding annoying fees and the need to maintain a minimum balance. As long as you have an account balance of $0 to $49,999, you earn 0.20% APY with your 360 Checking account. Rewards: Discover Bank With Discover Cashback Checking, you get the features of a checking account as well as the benefit of earning money, but not in the usual way. Instead of earning interest, you earn 10 cents on everyday purchases, such as using your debit card, clearing a check or paying a bill online. As you build up your rewards, you can redeem your Cashback Bonus as cash or transfer your rewards to your Discover credit card. Best CD Accounts When choosing the best CD account to open, high interest rates are often central to the decision. The best interest rate isn’t the only factor you should be evaluating when deciding which CD bank account makes sense for you, though. Bonus Offer: CIT Bank CIT Bank ranked among the top 10 best banks for CD accounts in 2017. The bank earned an Editors’ Pick due to its bonus offers for its CD account options. For instance, CIT Bank’s RampUp Plus CDs allow account holders to adjust their rate once if rates go up and add to their deposit once during the CD’s term, while at the same time having the flexibility of short-term, 1-year and 2-year CD accounts. No Minimums: Ally Bank and Barclays Bank Delaware Once again, Ally Bank and Barclays Bank Delaware stand out for requiring no minimum deposit, in this case for their top-rated CD accounts. Ally and Barclays offer lower CD APYs than some of the other banks in the best CD accounts category, but those banks require minimum deposits in the thousands. Methodology: To determine the two editors’ picks for each category, the nine finalists in the savings, checking, certificate of deposit, online bank, and national brick-and-mortar bank categories were reviewed for standout factors. The editors’ pick symbolizes that that bank excelled in a certain area over the rest of the nine finalists. Data was compiled via the GOBankingRates interest rate database and verified against the individual institutions’ websites between Oct. 11 and Oct. 26, 2016. Rates, terms and conditions are subject to change at the discretion of the individual financial institutions. GOBankingRates is a personal finance and consumer interest rate website owned by ConsumerTrack, Inc.,an online marketing company serving top-tier banks, credit unions, and other financial services organizations. Some banks mentioned in the Best Banks of 2017 survey are clients of ConsumerTrack, Inc., which serves more than 100 national, local and online financial institutions. Rankings are completely objective, and no institution, client or otherwise, paid for inclusion or specific placement. Share This Article Best Savings Account of 2017: Synchrony Bank Best Checking Account of 2017: Bank5 Connect Related Articles Banking 101 Guide: Tips and Terms to Know Before Opening Your First Account 15 Checking Account Bonuses and Promotions Available Today 5 Best Banks for No Fees 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure Open a New Bank Account Most Popular Banking Articles 6 Banking Trends That Will Affect Your Wallet in 2017 Are Banks Open on Martin Luther King Jr. Day 2017? Can You Guess the Best Banks From These Emojis? How to Open a Bank Account Online Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; techs send Nasdaq to record By Reuters Published: 12:59 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 12:59 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in financial and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, stalling the Dow's pursuit of 20,000, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high on gains in technology stocks and a string of deals in the health sector. The energy sector dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Exxon Mobil's 2.1 percent decline weighing the most, followed by a 1.3 percent drop in Chevron. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 12:28 p.m. ET (1728 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 48.65 points, or 0.24 percent, at 19,915.15, the S&P 500 was down 3.53 points, or 0.15 percent, at 2,273.45. The Nasdaq Composite was up 17.96 points, or 0.33 percent, at 5,539.01, easing slightly after hitting an all-time high of 5,539.14. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, rose 1.3 percent to a 13-month high of $119.43. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared in the previous quarter will be provided later this week by big banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The financial sector was however off 0.34 percent on Monday. Other big-name decliners were P&G and Coca-Cola , which dropped about 1 percent each after Goldman downgraded the stocks to "sell". The healthcare sector gained 0.34 percent, boosted by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. One dim spot in the sector was Celgene, which lost 1.1 percent after issuing a full-year revenue forecast that missed analysts' expectations. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,604 to 1,276. On the Nasdaq, 1,498 issues fell and 1,294 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 47 new highs and 14 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail HomeTop Share show ad FTSE CLOSE: Footsie closes at record high for 8th consecutive time; pound sinks as PM dithers over 'hard Brexit' By Mark Shapland For This Is Money Published: 03:53 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 12:35 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail 10 shares 95 View comments 17.15 (close): London's top-flight index closed at a record high for the eighth consecutive session, boosted by sterling's collapse following hints from the Prime Minister that Britain my opt for a 'hard Brexit'. The FTSE Index rose 27.72 points to an all-time closing high of 7,237.77, as the market continued to benefit from the pound's slump. It marks the longest record closing streak since the beginning of May 1997, putting the London market on course for its longest ever record closing streak if it reaches an all-time closing high on Tuesday. Theresa May said she does not accept the terms hard and soft Brexit, while Angela Merkel says the UK may not be allowed access the Single Market The further push into record territory came during a remarkable rally on Monday, with the top-flight delivering a new mid-session record of 7,243.76 after investors snapped up stocks on the back of the pound's plunge to a two-month low against the US dollar. Sterling was under severe pressure on the currency markets following an interview with Theresa May on Sunday, in which she stated the importance of taking control of immigration over access to the European single market. The pound hit lows not seen since last October, dropping 0.9 per cent versus the greenback at 1.21 and falling 1.3 per cent against the euro at 1.151. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld... British factories 'on the mend' as weak pound has made UK... 'The bulls are out in force and there¿s no stopping the FTSE... Share this article Share Sterling's lows remained entrenched despite Mrs May moving to clarify her comments, telling a London press conference: 'I'm tempted to say that the people who are getting it wrong are those who print things saying I am talking about a hard Brexit (and that) it's absolutely inevitable there's a hard Brexit. 'I don't accept the terms hard and soft Brexit.' The UK currency's fall since the Brexit vote has proved beneficial for multinational companies listed on the index, as many tend to benefit from earnings in currencies - such as the US dollar - which are performing more strongly than sterling. Across Europe, Germany's Dax was down 0.5 per cent and the Cac 40 in France slipped 0.3 per cent. On the oil markets, the price of Brent crude slipped amid concerns over growing US production and the Opec cartel's ability to drive through cuts to support prices. The price of oil was down three per cent - or one dollar and 71 cents - to 55.39 US dollars a barrel In UK stocks, London-listed miner Glencore was sitting at the top of the biggest risers after a positive note from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry. Shares were up more than three per cent, or 10.3p to 298.7p, after the bank said that an ongoing infrastructure spending splurge from China, coupled with potential fiscal stimulus from Western countries, made the sector's valuation look reasonable. Lloyds Banking Group was among the biggest fallers, dropping 0.7p to 65.2p, after the Government reduced its stake in the lender to less than six per cent, meaning the taxpayer is no longer the group's largest shareholder Away from the top tier, betting giant William Hill was nursing hefty losses after warning that profits would suffer a £20million hit following a string of 'customer-friendly' results in December. The high street bookmaker said full-year operating profit for 2016 would come in at around £260 million, the bottom end of its £260million-£280million range. Shares were down more than two per cent, or 6.1p to 291.6p, on the FTSE 250 index. The biggest risers on the FTSE 100 Index were Glencore up 10.3p to 298.7p, Randgold Resources up 145p to 6,660p, British American Tobacco up 101p to 4,675p, Imperial Brands up 78p to 3,616.5p. The biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 Index were Capita down 15p to 500.5p, Land Securities down 23p to 1,034p, Royal Bank of Scotland down 5p to 227.4p, Whitbread down 76p to 3,865p. 15:30: The Footsie was cruising towards another record close, despite US stocks opening up lower at the start of the earnings season on Wall Street. With an hour to go the FTSE 100 index was up 14.2 points at 7,224.2, slightly lower than it had been at lunch. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 60 points at the bell, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most losses. Proctor & Gamble and Coke were also down after downgrades from analysts. The Dow had hit a record close on Friday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also clocked up all-time highs following a late rise in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the US election in November as investors bet he will introduce business-friendly policies. But the rally has led to lofty valuations - with the S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its average of 14.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld... British factories 'on the mend' as weak pound has made UK... 'The bulls are out in force and there¿s no stopping the FTSE... Share this article Share That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season.  The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big US banks, including JPMorgan , Bank of America and Wells Fargo. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Reuters. Bank stocks were among the biggest losers this session Michael Hewson, analyst at CMC Markets, said: 'After stalling within a whisker of 20k on Friday the Dow opened slightly lower today as investors mulled over whether further gains in US markets are sustainable in the longer term. 'There is also the fact that we will get to see some important earnings announcements later this week from the main US banks, and if these disappoint we could well see some profit taking start to kick in, particularly given that we've seen big gains in this sector in the last six months, with JP Morgan up 37 per cent, Bank of America up 69 per cent and Wells Fargo up 13 per cent, with a good proportion of those gains since November 8th.' Back in London it has been a poor session for bank stocks, with Royal Bank of Scotland rooted to the bottom of the leaderboard. Its shares are off 2.8 per cent, or 6.6p, at 225.7p.  Lloyds is also down 1.8 per cent, or 1.2p, at 1,036.5p, despite the Government selling another stake in the bank. Michael Hewson, at CMC Markets, explained: 'Banking stocks have also slipped back a touch with Lloyds Banking Group lower after the government sold off another part of its stake in the bank, taking it below 6 per cent, and bringing ever closer the day the bank is completely back in the private sector.  'This morning's further sales also serves to highlight the contrast to Royal Bank of Scotland, whose problems still remain very much front and centre given it still has to arrive at a settlement with the US Department of Justice over mortgage backed securities mis-selling. 'The weakness in banking stocks may also be down to a slight softening in yields and a narrowing of interest rate differentials between short and long term debt on government debt markets.' But the major story this session has been the pound's dramatic fall over comments Prime Minister Theresa May made yesterday Brexit. This afternoon May tried to clarify the Government's position on Hard or Soft Brexit. She said: 'I'm tempted to say that the people who are getting it wrong are those who print things saying I'm talking about a hard Brexit, (that) it is absolutely inevitable there's a hard Brexit. 'I don't accept the terms hard and soft Brexit. What we're doing is going to get an ambitious, good and best possible deal for the United Kingdom in terms of... trading with and operating within the single European market.'  At the same time German Chancellor Angela Merkel has also waded in stating that if the UK does not accept the EU's 'four freedoms' in Brexit negotiations, attention will need to turn to restricting Britain's access to the single market. 13:00: The Footsie remained in comfortable territory at lunch, driven higher by internationally focused stocks following a sharp fall in the pound.  The FTSE 100 index was up 21.7 points at 7,232.7, on course for its eighth straight record close. Mark Ward at Sanlam Securities UK said: 'The FTSE is still currency-led, with Brexit uncertainty over the weekend grinding it higher. I don't think these markets will go lower anytime soon.' On the up: Glencore was the biggest gainer after positive comments from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry As a result stocks with a large proportion of overseas earnings rose to the top of the FTSE 100, led by miners. Glencore was the biggest gainer after positive comments from Barclays on the outlook for the mining industry.  Shares were up more than 2 per cent, or 6.7p to 295.2p, after the bank said that China's ongoing infrastructure spending splurge, coupled with potential fiscal stimulus from Western countries, made the sector's valuation look reasonable. Anglo American lifted 2 per cent at 1,154.5p and BHP Billiton added 1.5 per cent to 1,334.5p. Tobacco stocks also rose, led by British American Tobacco, up 1.4 per cent at 4,639.5p, and Imperial Brands up 1.2 per cent higher at 3,593.0p. On the FTSE 250 Ashmore was the biggest faller, down 6.7 per cent at 279.2p after analysts at Barclays said the emerging markets-focused fund manager was vulnerable to outflows following Donald Trump's election as US president. William Hill was another heavy faller, down 3.8 per cent at 286.4p after the bookmaker said profits would fall to £260million for the year, down from £291.4million last year, after a number of horse racing and football results went against it. But the session has been dominated by sterling's collapse following hints from Prime Minister Theresa May that Britain may opt for a so-called 'hard Brexit'.  Sterling plunged to a two-month low against the US dollar - dropping 1.2 per cent to $1.214 - in response to an interview with May on Sunday, in which she stated that importance would be given to gaining full control over immigration during divorce negotiations with the European Union. The pound was also down 0.9 per cent versus the euro at €1.154. Connor Campbell, financial analyst at Spreadex, said the markets were reading May's comments as a move towards leaving the European single market in favour of World Trade Organisation rules. Naeem Aslam, analyst at ThinkMarkets added: 'The political crisis is brewing and you can see that when you look at pound. The UK government is playing with fire and creating more uncertainty. Last year, we said that the British pound has tendency of touching the mark of 1.18 against the dollar and we are still maintaining our call.' 'The government needs to be consistent with their message so that market can digest all the bad news and move on with it.'.  The pound has dropped around 18 per cent against the US dollar and 10 per cent versus the euro since the June 23 vote, as traders expect the British economy to be significantly weaker once it quits the EU.  On the oil markets, the price of Brent crude slid 1.7 per cent - or 97 cents - to $56.13 a barrel, as traders became concerned about the Opec cartel's ability to drive through production cuts.   08:20: The Footsie was quick off the block on Monday morning, jumping higher after a strong session overnight in Asia. In opening deals the FTSE 100 index was up 21.6 points at 7,232.5 - a fresh intraday high. On Friday it closed up 14.74 points at 7210.05 - yet another record finish for the buoyant London market.   The Santa rally from December has continued into January, driven by what is expected to be a new era for US politics and European politics in 2017. Issue: UK equity markets have been flying but the pound remains worryingly weak Overnight the Hang Seng in Hong Kong was marginally up and the Shanghai Composite rose by 0.4 per cent. South Korea's Kospi edged higher by 0.2 per cent, while Australia's ASX/200 finished 0.9 per cent up.  But the pound is feeling the pain as stocks rise. Already this morning it has dropped by 0.8 per cent against both the dollar and the euro following Theresa May's Sky News interview at the weekend.  In her first major interview of 2017, May told Sky News that: 'Often people talk in terms as if somehow we are leaving the EU but we still want to kind of keep bits of membership of the EU. We are leaving. We are coming out. We are not going to be a member of the EU any longer.' The Prime Minister's comments were read as falling decidedly on the 'hard' end of the Brexit spectrum, with 'control of borders' likely to be prioritised over continued access to the single market. This left sterling at a two-month low against both the dollar and the euro.  The pound is likely to drop around 5 per cent to $1.15 against the dollar after May triggers Article 50 in March, starting the two-year countdown to leaving the EU, according to a Reuters poll of more than 60 foreign exchange strategists In the UK, the week ahead will be dominated by Christmas trading updates from the country's largest retailers. Analysts anticipate that results will be mixed.  In focus today will be UK Halifax House Price data which is seen holding its ground to the benefit of the housebuilders which already got a boost past week from Persimmon's positive trading update and several broker upgrades.  Elsewhere global oil prices fell as increased exports from Iran undermined efforts by other oil producers to curb a global fuel supply overhang.   Stocks in focus in London include:   LLOYDS BANKING - Britain has cut its stake in the bank to below 6 per cent as it attempts to return the lender to full private ownership this year. BOVIS HOMES - Boss chief executive David Ritchie had stepped down with immediate effect, days after it warned on profit because it failed to complete the number of homes it expected at the end of 2016.     UK SUPERMARKET OPERATORS - Britain's three quoted major supermarkets are expected to report this week that they enjoyed solid Christmas trading, though investor concern about a potential squeeze on consumer spending in 2017 means the focus is on their outlooks.   Data:  Germany industrial production at 7am Halifax House Price Index at 8.30am Eurozone unemployment at 10am Share or comment on this article e-mail 10 shares Fly to New York for £56! Norwegian Air boss sends out a... Millennials who know how to save the smart way: How a raft... By George! Babywear duo celebrate £5m backing for US growth... Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking... The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns... Va va vroom! A classic motor bike can prove an investment... As the NHS crisis deepens, could you afford to go private... City braced for turmoil and further swings in the pound over... How Tata’s plan to hive off £14bn pension scheme as part of... Sky refuses to sell broadband contracts to 250k households... Europe here we come! Summer holiday bookings rise despite... Last-minute Christmas rush can’t save falling clothes sales... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (95) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Forums Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing No annual fees and trade for £8 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades Cheap share-dealing 0.24% admin fee, £2.50 share dealing Low annual charge 0.2% funds fee and £4.95 dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Investing Show: How to profit from property in the world's best cities Investing Show: Should investors worry about political upheaval? Investing Show: Will President Donald Trump prove to be good for investors? Investing Show: Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Investing Show: Is now a good time to buy emerging markets? Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: We've bought US tech stars like Tesla because of how great they could really become, says Scottish Mortgage's Tom Slater Investing Show: Banks are suffering but they're good value in an expensive market, says Richard Buxton Investing Show: Should investors worry about the US election, banks and a 'hard Brexit'? Investing Show: Can investors make money by keeping it simple? Investing Show: Rate cuts are pointless but infrastructure is the next opportunity for investors Investing Show: The value investor who likes unloved bank and supermarket shares Investing Show: Best places to invest around the world to beat Brexit Investing Show: Where should you invest and what should you avoid after Brexit?             DON'T MISS 'The wealthiest households should pay three times more council tax' ADRIAN LOWERY wants a social contract between rich homeowners and their neighbourhood. Investors tempted with up to £1,000 cashback, no admin fees, or a free share trade... - but are freebies worth moving your Isa or pension for? Revealed: The student trick that can save YOU hundreds of pounds (and you don't need to be at university to take advantage) One in three millennials say they won't get married because they can't afford to as the average cost hits £27,000 Flying to Switzerland but heading to Austria, France or Italy? New EU rules mean ski trip Britons hiring cars could face trouble. Number of first-time buyers leaps to highest level since the financial crisis... - but deposit sizes have DOUBLED. As figures show Britain getting more equal, we dig into the financial pecking order How rich are you? Sky customers face higher bills from March as advert's small print reveals surprise line rental hike Details spotted in a Sky newspaper ad. My wife has a short time to live and we are trying to make sure I get as much of her state and private pensions as possible... Steve Webb replies. Has the big chill ruined your travel plans? Here's how you can get a refund on delays or cancellations We bought a house with a conservatory but it's currently too cold to use - are there any tricks to make it habitable? Energy saving tips. Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends Investing Show. Do you guess how many miles you drive for your car insurance? A quarter of UK motorists are at risk of overpaying or invalidating cover. Sterling is in a worse state than after the 1992 Black Wednesday debacle as pound takes another downturn Since the end of June, the pound has fallen by 18.4%. The Euro may be ditched within ten years, warns French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Life group Phoenix rises with £74bn under its wings MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Bumper year projected for Cineworld as fans line up for a battalion of blockbusters MIDAS SHARE TIPS: The biggest winners and losers from 2016 - and the firms that were taken over MIDAS SHARE TIPS: There's sweet success and rich rewards on offer if you check in at Hotel Chocolat MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Unanimous verdict for Gateley shares as they soar 20% MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RM Secured Direct Lending's £100m flotation will help boost yield for investors MIDAS TIPS: Housing association Places for People's seven-year bond pays investors 4.25% interest MIDAS SHARE TIPS: AIM-listed tech incubator Mercia has its eye on the long game MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Time to bank profit after surprise Lavendon bid delivers 53% gain MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Logistics firm Wincanton is really going places MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Keep holding on as Asos shares still look a smart investment MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Investors on solid ground after flotation of engineering services firm Van Elle         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS THE SCOTTISH INVESTMENT TRUST: The lone wolf fund on the hunt for 'ugly ducklings' JPM STERLING CORPORATE BOND: Why this fund is buying into high quality inflation-linked bonds POLAR CAPITAL TECHNOLOGY: The trust that's soared 40% in 6 months TEMPLETON EMERGING MARKETS INVESTMENT TRUST: Emerging markets face rough ride if Trump imposes tariffs SMITH & WILLIAMSON GLOBAL GOLD AND RESOURCES FUND: Mining investors strike lucky as gold regains some of its lustre SPW GLOBAL HIGH QUALITY FUND: Our winning strategy is to bet big, be dynamic... and hold lots of cash KAMES UK EQUITY INCOME: Seven years of raising dividend payments as mixture of blue-chips and lesser known income shares pays off BLACKROCK UK INCOME FUND: Mark Wharrier has made a triumphant return after a ten-year absence JO HAMBRO CAPITAL MANAGEMENT GLOBAL OPPORTUNITIES: Cash-rich global fund that's (cautiously) cleaning up MARLBOROUGH EUROPEAN MULTI-CAP: It's all about the stocks, NOT the big picture for top Euro fund boss ASHBURTON INDIA EQUITY OPPORTUNITIES: How India-based funds are revving up returns for investors MOMENTUM FACTOR 5 FUND: The investment where inflation spells good news JPMORGAN AMERICAN INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Trump or Clinton? We're more worried about interest rates' EVENLODE INCOME: How two Wise men turned £1m into £1bn in just seven years         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   The best paid jobs and biggest pay rises in UK   Is it cheaper to have my heating on at night?   Best brand new cars for 2017: BMW 5 Series wins   How the taxman spies on what you do online   Sterling in worse state than after Black Wednesday   10 tips to get the most out of your 2017 holiday fund Latest from Markets The strongest currency in the world? The Swiss franc reigns as 'most expensive' - according to the Big Mac index Tool hire firm Lavendon shows its suitors why it's worth fighting for with 8% sales surge INVESTMENT EXTRA: Why you shouldn't bet on supermarkets as High Street shops report soaring Christmas sales MARKET REPORT: FTSE 100 index extends its record winning run - but there are clear winners and losers... FTSE CLOSE: Footsie sets 12th closing record in a row on Friday 13th; housebuilders rally; pound at $1.22 Smoked salmon, caviar and white truffles boost Christmas sales at Fortnum & Mason by 16% Strong Christmas sales won't stop John Lewis slashing worker bonuses ALEX BRUMMER: St Michael’s cup overflows as M&S celebrates a record increase in same-store clothing sales The day the High Street titans fought back: After years of losing shoppers to low-cost rivals, big names report a bumper Christmas DAILY BRIEFING: Samsung boss is quizzed over political corruption scandal in South Korea MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cross Country Healthcare Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FY2016 Earnings Estimate for Aegion Corp Issued By DA Davidson (AEGN) Buckle, Inc. (The) (BKE) Receives $21.33 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Price Target at $74.85 RMR Group Inc (RMR) to Issue Dividend of $0.25 on February 21st Mobile Mini, Inc. (MINI) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Target Price at $750.00 People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Short Interest Down 4.0% in December Denbury Resources Inc. to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.03 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts (DNR) FY2016 EPS Estimates for Carriage Services, Inc. (CSV) Reduced by Barrington Research Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. (FAX) to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.04 on January 30th Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) To Go Ex-Dividend on January 19th Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spark Therapeutics, Inc. (ONCE) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spark Therapeutics, Inc. (ONCE) to Hold NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Short Interest Up 9.7% in December PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Ingredion Incorporated (INGR) Receives $126.60 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NSIT) to “Buy” Pinnacle West Capital Corporation (PNW) Receives $74.43 Average Price Target from Brokerages Seaport Global Securities Weighs in on Frontline Ltd.’s FY2016 Earnings (FRO) Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. According to Zacks, “Cross Country, Inc. is a provider of healthcare staffing services. They also provide staffing of clinical research professionals and allied healthcare professionals, such as radiology technicians, rehabilitation therapists and respiratory therapists. Their staffing operations are complemented by other human capital management services, including search and recruitment, consulting, education and training and resource management services. “ Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $17.00 target price on shares of Cross Country Healthcare and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. TheStreet raised shares of Cross Country Healthcare from a hold rating to a buy rating in a report on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Cross Country Healthcare in a report on Monday, November 7th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $16.33. Cross Country Healthcare (NASDAQ:CCRN) traded up 0.46% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $15.18. The stock had a trading volume of 93,818 shares. Cross Country Healthcare has a 12 month low of $9.72 and a 12 month high of $16.00. The company’s market cap is $501.09 million. The company’s 50 day moving average is $15.05 and its 200-day moving average is $13.49. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/cross-country-healthcare-inc-ccrn-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. In other Cross Country Healthcare news, insider Vickie Anenberg sold 40,882 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.92, for a total transaction of $609,959.44. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 173,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,591,857.64. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Company insiders own 4.20% of the company’s stock. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Cross Country Healthcare by 2.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,751,066 shares of the company’s stock worth $32,407,000 after buying an additional 53,740 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in Cross Country Healthcare by 7.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,289,490 shares of the company’s stock worth $26,970,000 after buying an additional 165,503 shares during the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN raised its stake in Cross Country Healthcare by 4.8% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 2,031,810 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,935,000 after buying an additional 93,909 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Cross Country Healthcare by 2.2% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,825,754 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,414,000 after buying an additional 38,521 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD raised its stake in Cross Country Healthcare by 52.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 1,782,650 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,000,000 after buying an additional 612,440 shares during the last quarter. 98.35% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Cross Country Healthcare Cross Country Healthcare, Inc (CCRN) is engaged in providing healthcare recruiting, staffing and workforce solutions. The Company operates in three segments: Nurse and Allied Staffing, Physician Staffing and Other Human Capital Management Services. Its nurse and allied staffing segment is engaged in providing traditional staffing, including temporary and permanent placement of travel nurses and allied professionals, and branch-based local nurses and allied staffing through its Cross Country Staffing brand, MSN, AHG, Mediscan and DirectEd brands. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cross Country Healthcare (CCRN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu CLOSE News Videos Whitepapers eBooks Advertise Contact Us HOT TOPICS Nokia     Nokia Real-Time Mobile Network Analytics Improves End-to-End Mobile Service Delivery Customer Criteria for Choosing a Mobile Operator Vodafone says 76 percent of Companies Believe IoT is Critical to Future Success Stay Safe, San Diego: Nokia Bolsters Public Safety Systems The Array of Things (AoT) Project Selects AT&T for its Network Connectivity FEATURE NEWS Privacy and Security: Who's Ultimately Responsible? By Daan Pepijn January 09, 2017 We bleed data daily. Sites like Facebook and Foursquare, connected devices like smartphones, and the Internet of Things heralded by smart refrigerators, cars and FitBits – all these take our daily habits, our opinions and our impulses, generate a picture from the data, and send it out to the ether. Every single day. Compromised privacy is the price we users pay for the convenience these services bring. But is the cost too onerous to bear? In an ideal world, we can trust tech companies to keep our data safely under lock and key. But reality gets in the way: businesses, pranksters or criminals often take this data and use it to serve their interests, not yours. Risks to Your Data Some providers' terms of service give them carte blanche to share your data. Snapchat's TOS, for example, grant the company permission to “exhibit, and publicly display [users'] content in any form and in any all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed),” and to share the data with third parties. Spotify had to back down after releasing a privacy policy that granted them permission to collect GPS data, images and contacts from your smartphone. Data leaks can also emerge when Moore's Law gives way to Murphy's. In Australia, a completely wiped iPhone continued to download the old owner's voicemails for the new owner to hear. Telstra, the telecom provider involved, has yet to get to the root of the problem - “They know what the symptoms are,” explained Richard Thornton, the iPhone's previous owner, “but they don't know what the cause is.” The greatest risk to your data security comes from the booming cybercrime industry. A visualization of  the world's biggest data breaches should make anyone nervous: a 2014 breach involving over 200 million personal records held by Court Ventures; a cyberattack at JPMorgan Chase that affected 76 million households; and $300 million in lost revenue due to a Russian hacking team gaining access to over 160 million credit and debit card numbers and reaching deep into the NASDAQ stock exchange itself! Tech Companies Bear Responsibility We can't put the genie back in the bottle. We want to keep the convenience of tracking our fitness and sharing LOLs on social media. We want to keep our data absolutely out of harm's way. But, we can't have both. Tech companies must be primarily responsible for ensuring their users' data stay safe. Conscientious providers make use of protocols like HTTP/2 (where most client implementations take advantage of its mandatory encryption over TLS 1.2); and end-to-end encryption services (PGP for email; Tresorit for cloud storage) to keep their clients' data away from prying eyes. As a growing amount of data courses through content delivery networks (CDNs), more providers now leverage these solutions as an additional layer of data security on top of their hosting infrastructure. For instance, on top of improving website access speed by caching content across servers in different parts of the globe, a CDN can act as a barricade against DDoS and other attacks on websites and Web applications. What Providers Can Do Far beyond dealing with infrastructure, providers also need to address the human factor – with actions as simple as restricting or controlling BYOD (bring your own device) policies and restricting access to individuals whose role in the organization do not require the use of sensitive data. A 2014 report by McKinsey and Company sets out seven practices that optimize cyber resilience, or strength in the face of cyberattacks. These notably include performing a triage based on the risks and importance of assets, actively testing and deploying defenses, and integrating cyber resistance throughout the enterprise. But the report asserts that the buck on data security ultimately stops at the C-suite: “Given the cross-functional, high-stakes nature of cybersecurity, it is a CEO-level issue, and progress toward cyber resiliency can only be achieved with active engagement from the senior leaders of public and private institutions,” it explains. Growing Risk, Growing Liability This is not to minimize the role of individual users in safeguarding their personal data – each of us is individually only as safe as our personal privacy habits allow. But with the data of millions of users on the line, tech companies are on the hook for all of them. “The risk of consumer injury increases as the volume and sensitivity of the data grows,” explains Federal Trade Commission chairwoman Edith Ramirez – pointing out that leaky tech companies will answer to both their clients and regulators. “If they fail to secure the life cycles of their big data environments, they may face regulatory consequences, in addition to the significant brand damage that data breaches can cause,” Ramirez says.  Edited by Alicia Young Author Info Daan Pepijn Contributing Writer Click here to read full bio SHARE THIS ARTICLE Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Related Articles A WebRTC-like Standard for the Internet of Things? It's Complicated By: Doug Mohney    1/13/2017 Building the connections for the Internet of Things (IoT) is challenging, since applications, services, and devices of all different shapes, sizes, an… Read More Dell Pushes IoT Boundaries with Latitude 7285 By: Steve Anderson    1/12/2017 Dell's new Latitude 7285 features WiTricity systems to work wirelessly, a principle similar to IoT operations. Read More Yahoo! Shakeup Drops Mayer, Changes Name By: Steve Anderson    1/11/2017 Ahead of a sale to Verizon, Yahoo Inc. is poised to change its name, drop Marissa Mayer, and never be the same again. Read More How Amazon Reversed Microsoft's Strategy to Help Lenovo Create a Better Home AI By: Rob Enderle    1/11/2017 At CES this past week, Lenovo made an interesting move by licensing the Alexa platform and building its own version of Amazon Echo called the "Smart A… Read More Will Space Exploration Soon Benefit from IoT Tech? By: Kayla Matthews    1/11/2017 Apollo 11, the first spacecraft to successfully take human beings to the moon, had less computing power than the mobile phone you have in your pocket … Read More View All News WHAT'S HOT A WebRTC-like Standard for the Internet of Things? It's Complicated Dell Pushes IoT Boundaries with Latitude 7285 Yahoo! Shakeup Drops Mayer, Changes Name Five Ways Automation is Improving our Lives FEATURED VIDEOS ConnectLeader WATCH NOW ConnectLeader WATCH NOW XKL at TEX 2016 WATCH NOW Richard McFarland of Voice4Net at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW Bent Rye of Temasys at Real Time Web Solutions 2016 WATCH NOW FEATURED EVENTS Featured Editors Doug Mohney Latest Article: A WebRTC-like Standard for the Internet of Things? It's Complicated Rob Enderle Latest Article: How Amazon Reversed Microsoft's Strategy to Help Lenovo Create a Better Home AI Peter Bernstein Latest Article: Municipal Broadband Future Problematic, FCC State Preemption Order Nixed by U.S. Appeals Court Subscribe Newsletter Sing up to receive our updates and other Techzone360 news! FEATURED WHITEPAPERS High Availability DNS Reduces Downtime Risk and Improves End-User Experience DOWNLOAD NOW Delivering the Promise and Value Through Outsourcing DOWNLOAD NOW High-Performance Data Architectures for the IoT: A GridGain Systems In-Memory Computing White Paper DOWNLOAD NOW Advanced Process Automation: Setting New Standards of Service in Front & Back Office Operations DOWNLOAD NOW Four Futurists Give Insight into What It Means to be a Social Business DOWNLOAD NOW LATEST COMMENTS Updates Your Way... likes facebook tweets twitter eNews SUBSCRIBE shares RSS TECHZONE360 35 Nutmeg Drive Suite 340, Trumbull, Connecticut 06611 USA 800-243-6002, 203-852-6800; 203-866-3326 Quick Links VIDEOS EBOOKS ADVERTISE CONTACT US LATEST ARTICLES A WebRTC-like Standard for the Internet of Things? It's Complicated Dell Pushes IoT Boundaries with Latitude 7285 Yahoo! Shakeup Drops Mayer, Changes Name How Amazon Reversed Microsoft's Strategy to Help Lenovo Create a Better Home AI Will Space Exploration Soon Benefit from IoT Tech? Powered by TMC © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas» Research Reports   (iStockphoto/iStockphoto)   (iStockphoto/iStockphoto) Canaccord's top growth stock picks for 2017 Add to ... MARTIN ROBERGE and DVAI GHOSE - Canaccord Genuity Special to The Globe and Mail Published Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 11:06AM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 2:08PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Globe editors have posted this research report with permission of Canaccord Genuity. This should not be construed as an endorsement of the report’s recommendations. For more on The Globe’s disclaimers please read here. The following is excerpted from the report: After remaining stuck around 3 per cent for the past five years, global economic growth appears set to improve in 2017, as suggested by the OECD Leading Indicator indexes for G7 and BRIC countries. The JPMorgan Global Composite PMI and the IFO World Economic Expectations index are entering 2017 in a strong uptrend. A board on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, May 17, 2016 in New York, New York. Getty Images Full report Chasing growth in 2017 In fact, for the first time since 2006, the global economy could experience a late-cycle growth synchronisation between developed and emerging market economies. The IMF pegs global GDP growth at 3.4 per cent (up from 3.1) for 2017, with emerging markets expected to account for 78 per cent of world GDP growth. Investors are reminded that global growth re-acceleration does not necessarily imply the outperformance of growth vs. value stocks. In fact, there is a negative correlation as investors pay a premium for growth only when it is scarce. When global growth accelerates, globally geared (i.e., technology and industrials) and resource sectors (energy and materials) usually lead markets. Inflation-sensitive groups, such as REITs and golds, also tend to perform relatively well. Read the full report here. Globe app users click here for the full report Read other research reports here. Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor   More Related to this Story Research Reports How to rebalance your portfolio as the new year dawns This company’s stock could jump on FDA clearance for its brain device research reports How Benj Gallander’s ‘system’ helps him beat the TSX Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram News Mad cow disease confirmed in Alberta beef cow ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations TV Guy Hal Boedeker dishes on TV, the news and what everybody is talking about Entertainment TV The TV Guy | Hal Boedeker 'Today' turns 65; 'CBS This Morning' is 5 Savannah Guthrie returned Friday to celebrate Matt Lauer's 20th anniversary on 'Today.' The NBC show this week marks its 65th anniversary. Peter Kramer/NBC Savannah Guthrie returned Friday to celebrate Matt Lauer's 20th anniversary on 'Today.' The NBC show this week marks its 65th anniversary. Savannah Guthrie returned Friday to celebrate Matt Lauer's 20th anniversary on 'Today.' The NBC show this week marks its 65th anniversary. (Peter Kramer/NBC) Hal BoedekerContact ReporterTV Guy Monday is a big day on the morning programs. NBC’s “Today” kicks off five days of marking the program’s 65th anniversary while “CBS This Morning” celebrates its fifth anniversary. “CBS This Morning” on Monday will feature the Chainsmokers, a vocal duo; Jodi Kantor, author of “The Obamas”; and Kevin Frazier, co-host of “Entertainment Tonight.” The guest lineup for the week: Bret Baier of Fox News’ “Special Report” on Tuesday; actor Jude Law (“The Young Pope”) and Brian Kelly of US News & World Report on Wednesday; Jamie Dimon, chairman and & CEO of JPMorgan Chase, on Thursday; and actress Claire Danes (“Homeland”) on Friday. “Homeland” airs on Showtime, a sister property of CBS. On “Today,” Matt Lauer marked 20 years with the NBC program on Friday. He enjoyed appreciative words from Bryant Gumbel, Tom Brokaw, Savannah Guthrie (who returned briefly from maternity leave) and Katie Couric, who co-anchored for the week. Meredith Vieira will be back to co-anchor this week. Caption Hair and makeup trends from the Golden Globes The Golden Globes served up plenty of beauty fodder for celebrity followers on social media, according to WWD. (Jan. 9, 2017) The Golden Globes served up plenty of beauty fodder for celebrity followers on social media, according to WWD. (Jan. 9, 2017) Caption Hair and makeup trends from the Golden Globes The Golden Globes served up plenty of beauty fodder for celebrity followers on social media, according to WWD. (Jan. 9, 2017) The Golden Globes served up plenty of beauty fodder for celebrity followers on social media, according to WWD. (Jan. 9, 2017) Caption Get immersed in the arts at new Epcot festival - Theme Park Ranger The Epcot International Festival of the Arts focuses on visual arts, performing arts and culinary arts. Theme park reporter Dewayne Bevil breaks down the different categories. The Epcot International Festival of the Arts focuses on visual arts, performing arts and culinary arts. Theme park reporter Dewayne Bevil breaks down the different categories. Caption Otronicon comes to Orlando Science Center Friday - Monday - Orlando News Now Ortonicon will be at the Orlando Science Center this Friday - Monday from 10 AM - 5 PM. For more information go to ortonicon.org/attend Ortonicon will be at the Orlando Science Center this Friday - Monday from 10 AM - 5 PM. For more information go to ortonicon.org/attend Caption Members of Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey World-Famous Clown Alley - Sentinel News Now Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey presents Circus Xtreme. Truett Adams and Ivan Vargas are members of World-Famous Ringling Bros. Clown Alley. Shows Friday-Monday at the Amway Center. Tickets start at $15. For more information go to ticketmaster.com or ringling.com Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey presents Circus Xtreme. Truett Adams and Ivan Vargas are members of World-Famous Ringling Bros. Clown Alley. Shows Friday-Monday at the Amway Center. Tickets start at $15. For more information go to ticketmaster.com or ringling.com Caption The world's largest collector-car auction at Osceola Heritage Park - Orlando News Now Mecum Auctions will go through Jan. 15th, and will featuring more than 3,000 rare and classic vehicles. For more information go to www.mecum.com/auctions/kissimmee-2017 Mecum Auctions will go through Jan. 15th, and will featuring more than 3,000 rare and classic vehicles. For more information go to www.mecum.com/auctions/kissimmee-2017 Monday’s show will feature Frankie Grande and Olivia Culpo talking Golden Globes fashion; Lisa Edelstein on “Girlfriend’s Guide To Divorce”; and a segment on living to 100. Tuesday’s show offers a food segment with Martha Stewart; Ben Affleck, Elle Fanning and Sienna Miller of “Live By Night”; Fred Armisen of “Portlandia”; John Cena; Justin Hartley of “This Is Us”; and a performance by High Valley. Wednesday’s show features Craig Robinson of “Caraoke Showdown”; Mary Steenburgen of “The Book of Love”’; and Drew Barrymore and Timothy Olyphant of “Santa Clarita Diet.” Thursday’s show presents Khloe Kardashian of the series “Revenge Body With Khloe Kardashian”; Jewel of the movie “Framed for a Murder: A Fixer-Upper Mystery”; and Kirstie Alley of “Scream Queens.” Friday’s show offers Neil Patrick Harris, Alfre Woodard and Patrick Warburton of Netflix’s “A Series of Unfortunate Events”; J.K. Simmons and Sgt. Jeff Pugliese promoting “Patriot’s Day”; highlights from the Consumer Electronics Show; and Chris and Martin Kratt with live animals. ABC’s “Good Morning America” is not marking an anniversary, but it has a busy week planned. On Monday, Lara Spencer is in Los Angeles with highlights from the Golden Globes, and “Chew” co-host Clinton Kelly promotes his new book, “I Hate Everyone, Except You.” Tuesday’s show has actress Gabrielle Union (BET’s “Being Mary Jane” and “Sleepless”); “Dancing with the Stars” co-host Erin Andrews; and former “Bachelorette” Emily Maynard. Actors Charlie Sheen (“Mad Families”) and Andrew Garfield (“Silence”) are on Wednesday’s show. Sheen returns Thursday, when actress Nia Long (“Beaches”) is another guest. Friday’s show features director and producer Martin Scorsese (“Silence”); actor B.J. Novak (“The Founder”); and a performance by Bebe Rexha. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Khloe Kardashian Savannah Guthrie Craig Robinson Drew Barrymore Jude Law Martin Scorsese Katie Couric All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 66°
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Stocks LATEST NEWS Pre-market: What you must know before Opening Bell on Dalal Street As its boss moves to Bombay House, investors fret over TCS future We believe this will be a year where pharma outperforms: Jimmet Modi United Bank of India faces hitch in raising capital NSE to interview candidates for CEO this week Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns RIL likely to post 9% QoQ net profit growth in December quarter; sales may fall Sector watch: Charts show Nifty Service index is on an upward momentum Sector watch: Charts show Nifty Service index is on an upward momentum Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks 04:05 PM | 13 Janmarket stats SENSEX 27,238-9.10 NIFTY 50 8,400-6.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,381-12.0 USD/INR 68.150.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 By Reuters | Updated: Jan 09, 2017, 10.31 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Wall Street | P&G | oil | NASDAQ | iPhone | Goldman Sachs | energy Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow READ MORE ON » Wall Street | P&G | oil | NASDAQ | iPhone | Goldman Sachs | energy To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented As its boss moves to Bombay House, investors fret over TCS future Infosys’ guidance remains buoyant: 10 top takeaways from Q3 earnings You ignored them, but these risky stocks jumped over 20% in first 8 sessions of 2017! Top five factors that will chart market direction on D-Street in the coming week 100% jump in 9 sessions of 2017: This stock has all eyes rolling on Dalal Street More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebIncome Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Sensex, Nifty Live|Income Tax Calculation UP & Punjab Assembly Elections 2017|Demonetisation Gold Rate Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Remain Mixed In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary 1/9/2017 11:55 AM ET Stocks continue to turn in a mixed performance in mid-day trading on Monday following the strength seen in the previous week. While the Dow and the S&P 500 have slid into negative territory, the tech-heavy Nasdaq is posting a modest gain. Currently, the Nasdaq is up 12.50 points or 0.2 percent at 5,533.56, while the Dow is down 42.40 points or 0.2 percent at 19,921.40 and the S&P 500 is down 4.03 points or 0.2 percent at 2,272.95. The mixed performance on Wall Street comes after last week's gains lifted the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 to new record highs. The Dow also flirted with the 20,000 level last Friday but was unable to break through the key psychological level. A lack of major U.S. economic data may be keeping some traders on the sidelines, although reports on producer prices and retail sales are scheduled to be released on Friday. Additionally, financial giants Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results this week. Sector News Energy stocks have shown a notable move to the downside on the day amid a sharp drop in the price of crude oil. Crude for February delivery is tumbling $1.62 to $52.37 a barrel amid concerns increased U.S. production will offset an OPEC output reduction. Reflecting the weakness in the energy sector, the NYSE Arca Natural gas Index is down by 1.9 percent, while the Philadelphia Oil Service Index is down by 1.3 percent and the NYSE Arca Oil & Gas Index is down by 1.1 percent. On the other hand, gold stocks have moved significantly higher over the course of the session, driving the NYSE Arca Gold Bugs Index up by 2 percent. The strength in the sector comes as gold for February delivery is climbing $9.90 to $1,183.30 an ounce. Considerable strength is also visible among semiconductor stocks, as reflected by the 1.4 percent gain being posted by the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance on Monday, with the Japanese markets closed on the day. China's Shanghai Composite Index climbed by 0.5 percent, while India's BSE Sensex edged down by 0.1 percent. The major European markets also ended the day mixed. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index rose by 0.4 percent, the German DAX Index dipped by 0.3 percent and the French CAC 40 Index fell by 0.4 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have moved back to the upside following the pullback seen last Friday. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 3.9 basis points at 2.379 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Top Stories Gainers & Losers Of The Day: DXCM, CYAD, SKLN, SSH... Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare Takata Execs Face Criminal Charges In Airbag Scandal Apple To Face Lawsuit Over App Monopoly Allegations Few Americans Support Full Obamacare Repeal DBRS Downgrades Long-Term Ratings On Italy's Debt GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump George Soros Lost Nearly $1 Bln. After Trump Win: Report Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary What's The Buzz About Nintendo Switch? Renault Reportedly Probed Over Diesel Emissions Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Business Inventories Climb More Than Expected In November <<Previous        143 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Nasdaq closes at record high despite energy weakness; Apple, biotechs rise 1% Fred Imbert | @foimbert Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 4:34 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Pisani: Earnings to be up about 11% for 2017    Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 9:42 AM ET | 02:14 U.S. stocks closed mixed on Monday, with and utilities lagging, as investors geared up for the start of earnings season and digested falling oil prices. The Nasdaq composite advanced 0.19 percent and hit a new all-time high, as the iShares Nasdaq biotechnology ETF (IBB) and Apple advanced around 1 percent. Leading IBB higher was Ariad Pharmaceuticals, which spiked more than 75 percent after announcing it's being taken over by Takeda, a leading Japanese pharmaceutical company. The Dow Jones industrial average fell about 75 points, with Goldman Sachs contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 slipped about 0.4 percent, with energy and utilities falling more than 1 percent. U.S. oil prices dropped 3.76 percent to settle at $51.96 per barrel, amid U.S. production worries. The three major indexes posted new all-time intraday highs on Friday, as the Dow came within a third of a point of hitting the psychological mark of 20,000. "Valuations here are rich by almost any measure," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Baird. "If we slip into not-so-strong earnings growth, then stocks could be vulnerable." Getty Images Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. Financial giants Bank of America, BlackRock and JPMorgan Chase are among the companies slated to report this week. The financial sector has posted a sharp rally since Donald Trump's U.S. election victory, rising 17.9 percent since Nov. 8, as of Friday's close. The broader indexes have also gained sharply since the election. "Markets have been focused on his economic policies, ... but there has always been uncertainty," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Market participants are trying to figure out which Trump they are going to get." "The concern that we would express is that there's a lot of excitement about these policies, but they haven't been enacted yet," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the Private Client Group at U.S. Bank. S&P 500 earnings per share are expected to record a 4.4 percent year-over-year increase, Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA, said in a Friday note. "The key thing for me was how quiet the the pre-announcement season was," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "A quiet pre-announcement season portends for a positive earnings season." There are no major economic data due Monday. However, Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart said in a speech the central bank should step aside, as the economic crisis is "largely done." Lockhart is due to retire from his post in February. Separately, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the U.S. central bank should step up its pace of interest-rate increases from the once-a-year pattern it has pursued since 2015, warning of inflation risks if it does not. "I expect that appropriate monetary policy will need to normalize more quickly than over the past year," Rosengren said in prepared remarks. Overseas, European equities fell broadly, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index sliding 0.5 percent as the banking sector shed around 2 percent. U.K. stocks bucked the trend, however, as the FTSE 100 rose 0.38 percent on the back of a falling pound. Sterling dropped more than 1 percent against the dollar to $1.216, amid talk of Britain drastically reworking trade ties with the European Union after Brexit. The dollar index, which measures the greenback's performance against six other currencies, traded 0.26 percent lower. U.S. Treasurys rose on Monday, with the two-year note yield slipping to 1.19 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield falling to 2.376 percent. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average fell 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to close at 19,887.38, with ExxonMobil leading decliners and Merck the biggest advancer. The S&P 500 slipped 8.08 points, or 0.35 percent, to 2,268.90, with energy leading eight sectors lower and health care the top riser. The Nasdaq composite gained 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to close at 5,537. About nine stocks declined for every five advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 809.72 million and a composite volume of 3.169 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.6. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Barracuda Networks Tuesday Earnings: Synnex 6:00 a.m. NFIB survey 10:00 a.m. Wholesale trade 10:00 a.m. JOLTs 1:00 p.m. $24 billion 3-year note auction Wednesday Earnings: KB Home, MSC Industrial 1 p.m. $20 billion 10-year note auction Thursday Earnings: Taiwan Semiconductor, Infosys, Shaw Communications, Delta Airlines 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker 8:45 a.m. Chicago Fed President Charles Evans and Atlanta Fed's Lockhart on a panel 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Import prices 12:30 p.m. Atlanta Fed's Lockhart 1:00 p.m. $12 billion 30-year bond auction 1:15 p.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard 1:45 p.m. Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan 2:00 p.m. Federal budget 7:00 p.m. Fed Chair Janet Yellen holds town hall with educators Friday Earnings: JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, PNC Financial,Wells Fargo, First Republic Bank, BlackRock 8:30 a.m. Retail sales 8:30 a.m. PPI 9:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed's Harker 10:00 a.m. Consumer sentiment 10:00 a.m. Business inventories Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in US case tied to JPMorgan hack News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in US case tied to JPMorgan hack A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Posted 10 Jan 2017 00:30 Updated 10 Jan 2017 00:45 Anthony Murgio arrives for a hearing at the Manhattan Federal Courthouse in New York, March 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was to face trial. Under a plea agreement, Murgio agreed not to appeal any prison sentence of about 12-1/2 years in prison or less. U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled his sentencing for June 16. The Tampa, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. Prosecutors said Murgio operated Coin.mx, which without a license exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin, including for victims of ransomware, a computer virus that seeks payment, often in the virtual currency, to unlock data it restricts. Prosecutors said Coin.mx was operated from 2013 to 2015 through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club," to trick financial institutions into believing it was a members-only group interested in collectables like stamps. Coin.mx was owned by Israeli citizen Gery Shalon, according to prosecutors, who say he and Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies. An attack on JPMorgan resulted in the information of more than 100 million people being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Murgio, who was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, was tied not only to Shalon but also to Aaron. Both men attended Florida State University, and in 2008 they formed a business together. On his website, Murgio called Aaron "my friend" and said he "showed me the ropes to online marketing." Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. The case is U.S. v. Murgio et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jan 09, 2017 22:20 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Oil prices fall 2.5 pct, energy index top index loser * Health sector gains on string of multi-billion dollar deals * Tech stocks surge push Nasdaq to record high * Dow down 0.13 pct, S&P down 0.11 pct, Nasdaq up 0.19 pct (Adds details, comments, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Bitcoin exchange operator pleads guilty in U.S. case tied to JPMorgan hack By Nate Raymond ReutersJanuary 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Anthony Murgio arrives for a hearing at the Manhattan Federal Courthouse in New York, March 4, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Nate Raymond NEW YORK (Reuters) - A Florida man pleaded guilty on Monday to charges that he conspired to operate an illegal bitcoin exchange, which prosecutors said was owned by an Israeli who oversaw a massive scheme to hack companies, including JPMorgan Chase & Co<JPM.N>. Anthony Murgio, 33, entered his plea in federal court in Manhattan to three counts, including conspiracy to operate an unlicensed money transmitting business and conspiracy to commit bank fraud, a month before he was to face trial. Under a plea agreement, Murgio agreed not to appeal any prison sentence of about 12-1/2 years in prison or less. U.S. District Judge Alison Nathan scheduled his sentencing for June 16. The Tampa, Florida-resident is one of nine people to face charges following an investigation connected to a data breach that JPMorgan disclosed in 2014 involving records for more than 83 million accounts. Prosecutors said Murgio operated Coin.mx, which without a license exchanged millions of dollars into bitcoin, including for victims of ransomware, a computer virus that seeks payment, often in the virtual currency, to unlock data it restricts. Prosecutors said Coin.mx was operated from 2013 to 2015 through several fronts, including one called "Collectables Club," to trick financial institutions into believing it was a members-only group interested in collectables like stamps. Coin.mx was owned by Israeli citizen Gery Shalon, according to prosecutors, who say he and Maryland-born Joshua Samuel Aaron orchestrated cyber attacks on companies. An attack on JPMorgan resulted in the information of more than 100 million people being stolen. Prosecutors said the men carried out the cybercrimes to further other schemes with another Israeli, Ziv Orenstein, including pumping up stock prices with sham promotional emails. Murgio, who was not accused of engaging in the hacking scheme, was tied not only to Shalon but also to Aaron. Both men attended Florida State University, and in 2008 they formed a business together. On his website, Murgio called Aaron "my friend" and said he "showed me the ropes to online marketing." Aaron was deported from Russia in December and taken into U.S. custody, while Shalon and Orenstein were extradited from Israel in June. All three have pleaded not guilty. Five other individuals have been charged in connection with Coin.mx, including Murgio's father. Two individuals linked to it are scheduled to face trial on Feb. 6. The case is U.S. v. Murgio et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-cr-769. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next 9 tech-friendly gifts for people obsessed with travel Yahoo Tech 2017 Honda CR-V Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update International Business Times Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech Got 50 bucks burning a hole in your pocket? Here’s the best tech to spend it on Digital Trends Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored $40 device doubles the storage of your 32GB iPhone 7 or 7 Plus BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Nasdaq hits record as stocks close mixed ahead of earnings CNBC Fred Imbert 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Click to expand Replay Video Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot The comments by Jeff Sessions in Washington sent shockwaves through states like Colorado where marijuana is legal. CBS Denver Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean The President-elect tweeted his support of the company after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott. CNN Money China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports China's customs agency said on Friday U.S. President Donald Trump may limit the growth of China's exports by imposing greater trade protectionist measures. According to Reuters, customs spokesman Huang Songping said China is the biggest loser in the anti-globalization trend. He added it will be difficult for China's foreign trade to improve in 2017 due to rising costs and other factors. China is the world's largest trading nation. It could be heavily exposed to protectionist measures this year if Trump follows through on campaign pledges to brand it a currency manipulator and impose heavy tariffs on imports of Chinese goods. Wochit Business SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Closing Bell Exchange: Markets fairly valued? CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Trump's choice for AG has some worried about impact on legal pot CBS Denver 2:04 Trump wants you to buy L.L. Bean CNN Money 1:01 China fears protectionist Trump may thwart its exports Wochit Business 0:58 Ferrero says Nutella is safe to consume, despite concerns Wochit News 0:47 Nintendo anounces 'Switch' release date Reuters 1:14 How to eat on just $3 a day CNBC 2:40 ExxonMobil exploits poor nation's corruption for oil in Africa MSNBC 4:08 Is 2017 going to be the year for tech IPOs? Bloomberg 3:48 Apple is going Hollywood with new content plan The Wall Street Journal. 1:59 Wet winter brings parts of California out of 5-year drought Newsy 0:55 New Istanbul airport will be world's busiest CNBC 0:31 Is this the anti-smartphone? Fox Business 1:27 AT&T, Verizon are massively boosting cell coverage on the Mall for Inauguration Day The Washington Post 1:35 Amazon will add 100,00 American jobs Wochit Business 0:39 As the iPhone turns 10, what's next for smartphones? The Wall Street Journal. 2:10 Legal experts: Trump's business plan falls short CNN Money 3:21 UP NEXT Stocks closed mixed Monday, with and utilities lagging as investors geared up for the start of earnings season and assessed falling oil prices.  The Nasdaq advanced about 0.2 percent to a new all-time high as the iShares Nasdaq biotechnology ETF (IBB) and Apple advanced around 1 percent. Leading IBB higher was Ariad Pharmaceuticals, which spiked more than 70 percent after announcing it's being taken over by Takeda, a leading Japanese pharmaceutical company. The Dow fell 76 points, with ExxonMobil and Chevron contributing the most losses. The S&P 500 slipped 0.35 percent, with energy and utilities falling more than 1 percent. U.S. oil prices dropped around 3 percent to $52.30 per barrel, amid U.S. production worries. The three major indexes posted new all-time intraday highs on Friday, as the Dow came within a third of a point of hitting the psychological mark of 20,000. "Valuations here are rich by almost any measure," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Baird. "If we slip into not-so-strong earnings growth, then stocks could be vulnerable." Financial giants Bank of America, BlackRock and JPMorgan Chase are among the companies slated to report this week. The financial sector has posted a sharp rally since Donald Trump's U.S. election victory, rising 17.9 percent since Nov. 8, as of Friday's close. The broader indexes have also gained sharply since the election. "Markets have been focused on his economic policies, ... but there has always been uncertainty," said Quincy Krosby, market strategist at Prudential Financial. "Market participants are trying to figure out which Trump they are going to get." "The concern that we would express is that there's a lot of excitement about these policies, but they haven't been enacted yet," said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at the Private Client Group at U.S. Bank. S&P 500 earnings per share are expected to record a 4.4 percent year-over-year increase, Lindsey Bell, investment strategist at CFRA, said in a Friday note. "The key thing for me was how quiet the the pre-announcement season was," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities. "A quiet pre-announcement season portends for a positive earnings season." There are no major economic data due Monday. However, Atlanta Federal Reserve President Dennis Lockhart said in a speech the central bank should step aside, as the economic crisis is "largely done." Lockhart is due to retire from his post in February. Separately, Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said the U.S. central bank should step up its pace of interest-rate increases from the once-a-year pattern it has pursued since 2015, warning of inflation risks if it does not. "I expect that appropriate monetary policy will need to normalize more quickly than over the past year," Rosengren said in prepared remarks. Overseas, European equities fell broadly, with the pan-European Stoxx 600 index sliding 0.5 percent as the banking sector shed around 2 percent. U.K. stocks bucked the trend, however, as the FTSE 100 rose 0.38 percent on the back of a falling pound. Sterling dropped more than 1 percent against the dollar to $1.216, amid talk of Britain drastically reworking trade ties with the European Union after Brexit. The dollar index, which measures the greenback's performance against six other currencies, traded 0.25 percent lower. U.S. Treasurys rose on Monday, with the two-year note yield slipping to 1.19 percent and the benchmark 10-year note yield falling to 2.376 percent. About four stocks declined for every three advancers at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 301 million and a composite volume of 1.41 billion in midday trade. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 11.6. Reuters contributed to this report. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Mohamed El-Erian Tags: dow jones | market | index | 20 | 000 Does the Dow Jones Index at 20,000 Matter? (AP/Mark Lennihan) By Mohamed El-Erian, Bloomberg View Monday, 09 Jan 2017 10:42 AM More Posts by Mohamed El-Erian, Bloomberg View Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The Dow Jones Industrial Average came tantalizing close to 20,000 on Jan. 6, a record level that is being closely watched (and hyped) by the financial media. At one point during the trading session, it was within 0.37 points, or 0.0002 percent. Most agree that it is just a matter of time before this milestone is attained. The longer-term significance, however, is subject to more debate. Let’s start by acknowledging that the DJIA is far from comprehensive when it comes to analytical content. The index covers a very narrow set of stocks and therefore is lacking in representation. Its calculation methodology also is problematic, placing way too much emphasis on the absolute share price, as opposed to market capitalization. As a result, a few names can move the index significantly -- as has occurred recently with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, which account for a substantial part of the upward surge since early November. Nonetheless, the Dow is heavily mentioned when it comes to headline information about stock market performance. Moreover, it is not the only U.S. flirting with record levels. The more representative Standard & Poor's 500 and Nasdaq are at or near their all-time highs. Accordingly, assessing the implications of the hype about the Dow reaching 20,000 comes down to evaluating the volume of the signal, the influence on investing and business behaviors, and the implications for economic governance. We should have little doubt about the signaling outcomes. Dow 20,000 will be the stuff of front-page headlines of both general-interest and financial newspapers, and will be a trending topic in social media. Photos of celebratory hats and banners will be published widely. And the majority of market professionals will remember where they were when this milestone was attained. Many hope that all this will act as a catalyst for wider participation of the general population -- and millennials in particular -- in stock ownership. After all, a bigger investor base is the best contributor to a fundamentally healthy and less volatile market. The problem is that it may take a lot more than headlines and social media likes for this to happen. At the most fundamental level, Dow 20,000 does little to reduce the general mistrust of the financial establishment that was heightened by the 2008 global financial crisis and its aftermath. Still too many people believe that the financial markets are “rigged” to benefit “insiders.” Moreover, the stock market’s strong performance stands in stark contrast to the general malaise and unsettling feelings resulting from too many years of low and insufficiently inclusive growth, along with an unusual level of uncertainty regarding economic, financial and political conditions. The same caution is also warranted when it comes to “animal spirits” in the corporate sector. The exuberance associated with the impressive post-election surge in stocks has, until now, been mainly a financial phenomenon. It has made it easier for companies to issue bonds, but has yet to translate into consequential changes in business investment and other productivity-enhancing behaviors that fuel more durable drivers of corporate profitability and economic growth. And this is unlikely to change just with the attainment of a financial milestone. The most consequential immediate impact of Dow 20,000 may in fact have less to do with broadening the investor base and turbo-charging productive business behavior, and more to do with encouraging politicians to step up to their economic governance responsibilities. After all, politicians like to be popular. The main reason the Dow is so close to this record level is the combination of pro-growth policy announcements by the president-elect and the hope that a less-dysfunctional Congress will act on these proposals. Politics can help change market and economic sentiment and, with that, set up a more enabling environment for growth. Indeed, the real hope for investors -- and, more importantly, the broader economy -- is that this financial milestone ends up helping to encourage and empower a Congress that, for too many years, has failed to step up to its economic governance responsibilities. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners.   Mohamed A. El-Erian is a Bloomberg View columnist. He is the chief economic adviser at Allianz SE and chairman of the President’s Global Development Council, and he was chief executive and co-chief investment officer of Pimco. His books include “The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability and Avoiding the Next Collapse.”   More Posts by Mohamed El-Erian, Bloomberg View Trump Rally Needs More Fuel From Policy What the Strong Obama Jobs Recovery Shows A Broadway Musical's Lessons for Europe More Newsmax Blogs: Neal Asbury: A Realistic Trade Policy Is Missing from the Trump Agenda Megan McArdle: Trump's Plan to Cut Drug Prices Is DOA Lauren Fix: Emissions Cheating Scandal Just Won't Dissipate © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share MohamedElErian The Dow Jones Industrial Average came tantalizing close to 20,000 on Jan. 6, a record level that is being closely watched (and hyped) by the financial media. At one point during the trading session, it was within 0.37 points, or 0.0002 percent. dow jones, market, index, 20, 000 736 Monday, 09 Jan 2017 10:42 AM 2017-42-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: GOP Tax Reform May Get Derailed Over Mexico Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 130 comments I am fed up with these economists - and others - telling our government... Trumponomics Gets The Thumbs Down From Nobel-Winning Economists Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 | 142 comments I wouldn't believe a word from Princeton or Columbia or Yale left wing... WSJ: Soros Lost Nearly $1 Billion After Trump Election Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 72 comments Too bad he didn't lose it all.His is one obituary I will read with a smile.... WSJ: The Market Has Already Started to Dump Trump Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 68 comments The Russia story is not working. Now liberal left wing DemocRATs begin to... CNBC: Alibaba Aims to Create 1 Million US Jobs in Next 5 Years Monday, 09 Jan 2017 | 53 comments Obama has no concept of Americanism at all!...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Jan. 6 in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) on Jan. 6 in New York City. (Spencer Platt/Getty Images) Mohamed A. El-Erian Does the Dow Jones Index at 20,000 matter? Add to ... Mohamed A. El-Erian Bloomberg Views Published Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 11:05AM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 3:56PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn The Dow Jones Industrial Average came tantalizing close to 20,000 on Jan. 6, a record level that is being closely watched (and hyped) by the financial media. At one point during the trading session, it was within 0.37 points, or 0.0002 per cent. Most agree that it is just a matter of time before this milestone is attained. The longer-term significance, however, is subject to more debate. Let’s start by acknowledging that the DJIA is far from comprehensive when it comes to analytical content. The index covers a very narrow set of stocks and therefore is lacking in representation. Its calculation methodology also is problematic, placing way too much emphasis on the absolute share price, as opposed to market capitalization. As a result, a few names can move the index significantly -- as has occurred recently with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, which account for a substantial part of the upward surge since early November. Nonetheless, the Dow is heavily mentioned when it comes to headline information about stock market performance. Moreover, it is not the only U.S. flirting with record levels. The more representative Standard & Poor’s 500 and Nasdaq are at or near their all-time highs. Accordingly, assessing the implications of the hype about the Dow reaching 20,000 comes down to evaluating the volume of the signal, the influence on investing and business behaviours, and the implications for economic governance. We should have little doubt about the signalling outcomes. Dow 20,000 will be the stuff of front-page headlines of both general-interest and financial newspapers, and will be a trending topic in social media. Photos of celebratory hats and banners will be published widely. And the majority of market professionals will remember where they were when this milestone was attained. Many hope that all this will act as a catalyst for wider participation of the general population -- and millennials in particular -- in stock ownership. After all, a bigger investor base is the best contributor to a fundamentally healthy and less volatile market. The problem is that it may take a lot more than headlines and social media likes for this to happen. At the most fundamental level, Dow 20,000 does little to reduce the general mistrust of the financial establishment that was heightened by the 2008 global financial crisis and its aftermath. Still too many people believe that the financial markets are “rigged” to benefit “insiders.” Moreover, the stock market’s strong performance stands in stark contrast to the general malaise and unsettling feelings resulting from too many years of low and insufficiently inclusive growth, along with an unusual level of uncertainty regarding economic, financial and political conditions. The same caution is also warranted when it comes to “animal spirits” in the corporate sector. The exuberance associated with the impressive post-election surge in stocks has, until now, been mainly a financial phenomenon. It has made it easier for companies to issue bonds, but has yet to translate into consequential changes in business investment and other productivity-enhancing behaviours that fuel more durable drivers of corporate profitability and economic growth. And this is unlikely to change just with the attainment of a financial milestone. The most consequential immediate impact of Dow 20,000 may in fact have less to do with broadening the investor base and turbo-charging productive business behaviour, and more to do with encouraging politicians to step up to their economic governance responsibilities. After all, politicians like to be popular. The main reason the Dow is so close to this record level is the combination of pro-growth policy announcements by the president-elect and the hope that a less-dysfunctional Congress will act on these proposals. Politics can help change market and economic sentiment and, with that, set up a more enabling environment for growth. Indeed, the real hope for investors -- and, more importantly, the broader economy -- is that this financial milestone ends up helping to encourage and empower a Congress that, for too many years, has failed to step up to its economic governance responsibilities. === Mohamed A. El-Erian is a Bloomberg View columnist. He is the chief economic adviser at Allianz SE and chairman of the President’s Global Development Council, and he was chief executive and co-chief investment officer of Pimco. His books include “The Only Game in Town: Central Banks, Instability and Avoiding the Next Collapse.” Report Typo/Error DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Updated January 13 4:36 PM EST. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Fourth-quarter earnings season: Will the Trump optimism hold? The less we fuss over the red-hot Dow, the better Investor Newsletter Why Amazon is both tempting and terrifying, a utility stock to buy, and how to calculate a dividend return Topics Standard & Poor's Limited The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Dow Jones & Company, Inc. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram News Mad cow disease confirmed in Alberta beef cow ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Banks, oil stocks hinder Dow's pursuit of 20,000 By Reuters Published: 11:37 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 11:37 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in bank and energy companies weighed on Wall Street on Monday, distancing the Dow from the 20,000 mark, while gains in technology stocks pushed the Nasdaq to a record intraday high. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, with Goldman Sachs's 0.7 percent decline weighing the most. P&G and Coca-Cola dropped 0.9 percent after Goldman downgraded both the consumer staple stocks. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors were lower, led by the energy sector's 1.3 percent drop. Oil prices fell 2.5 percent on concerns that rising U.S. output could dampen the impact of a recent deal among major producers to limit output. The declines meant the Dow stayed shy of the psychologically significant 20,000 mark. It came tantalizingly close on Friday, hitting a record of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 11:08 a.m. ET (1608 GMT), the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 26.53 points, or 0.13 percent, at 19,937.27. The S&P 500 was down 2.48 points, or 0.11 percent, at 2,274.5 and the Nasdaq Composite was up 10.27 points, or 0.19 percent, at 5,531.32. The Nasdaq hit a high of 5,538.295. The tech sector was the top gainer. Apple , which is celebrating the tenth anniversary of the iPhone, was up 1.1 percent at $119.14, after hitting a 13-month high of $119.30. "As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move towards the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward," Jones said. The first peek into how companies fared will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. A string of multi-billion dollar healthcare deals boost the sector on Monday. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after Mars Inc said it would buy the company for $7.7 billion. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.6 percent. Acuity Brands fell 12.3 percent to $207.51 after the lighting solutions provider gave a disappointing sales forecast. Declining issues outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by 1,667 to 1,167. On the Nasdaq, 1,562 issues fell and 1,149 advanced. The S&P 500 index showed five new 52-week highs and no new lows, while the Nasdaq recorded 37 new highs and 11 new lows. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Big Law Onsite Day Care: The Trend That Wasn't Angela Morris The American Lawyer CONTINUE Elimination of 'Wet-Foot, Dry-Foot' Policy Will Have Impact on Immigration Law Firms Monika Gonzalez Mesa Daily Business Review How VW's In-House Lawyers Screwed Up a Litigation Hold Sue Reisinger The National Law Journal Ex-Law Student Sues School Over Plagiarism Allegations Karen Sloan The National Law Journal Yale Boosts Human Rights Programs Through $13M Donation Karen Sloan The National Law Journal LATEST LEGAL HEADLINES Don't Kill Humans: European Parliament Calls for Laws Governing Artificial Intelligence Chris Johnson The AmLaw Daily Tillerson's Take on Sanctions Opaque, But Lawyers Eyeing Their Enforcement Under Trump Miriam Rozen Texas Lawyer Global Law Practices Make Adjustments in Middle East Rose Walker Global Lawyer News Law Grad Argues KKK Reference, Driving Record Irrelevant to Bar Admission Karen Sloan The National Law Journal Podcast: An Insider’s Take on Litigation Funding Ben Hancock 10 Years Out, Report Says Recession's Impact on Big Law is Clear Nell Gluckman The American Lawyer Big Law Partner's Writing Career Born in Nora Ephron's Kitchen Leigh Jones The AmLaw Daily PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Justices Reject Redefinition of Charging Liens Tom McParland Injured at Employer’s Holiday Party? No Workers’ Comp Benefits (in North Carolina). Steven A. Meyerowitz, Esq., Director, FC&S Legal Year in Review: 2016 Cases Will Not Hinder Litigation Funding John Harabedian MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Wise Words from 9 Women Leaders in Law Erin E. Harrison Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing Shirish Gupta & Paulina Torres Challenging Midstream Contracts in the Wake of 'Sabine' Kathryn A. Coleman and Anson B. Frelinghuysen TWIA Policyholders to Begin Receiving “Depopulation” Offers Victoria Prussen Spears Popular     How VW's In-House Lawyers Screwed Up a Litigation Hold Legal Heavy Hitters Slated for Anti-Trump Conference Law Grad Argues KKK Reference, Driving Record Irrelevant to Bar Admission Morgan Lewis Partner Basks in Trump's Spotlight—Is That a Good Thing? HSBC Prepares To Move 1,000 U.K. Jobs To Paris Due To Brexit Confusion PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Far-Flung Places: The Travails and Travels of a Product Liability Litigator Common Sense Investing Isn’t So Common Defend Trade Secrets Act: Considerations for the Year Ahead A Constitutional Checklist Witnesses in Arbitration – California Arbitration Act (Part I) CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, New York, NY 10279 212-341-7900 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Privacy Policy ALM License Agreement Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money TODAY'S TOP STORIES   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Turning In Mixed Performance In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary 1/9/2017 10:32 AM ET Stocks are turning in a mixed performance in morning trading on Monday following the strength seen in the previous week. While the Dow and the S&P 500 have slid into negative territory, the tech-heavy Nasdaq is posting a modest gain. Currently, the Nasdaq is up 8.40 points or 0.2 percent at 5,529.45, while the Dow is down 52.35 points or 0.3 percent at 19,911.45 and the S&P 500 is down 4.81 points or 0.2 percent at 2,272.17. The mixed performance on Wall Street comes after last week's gains lifted the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 to new record highs. The Dow also flirted with the 20,000 level last Friday but was unable to break through the key psychological level. A lack of major U.S. economic data may be keeping some traders on the sidelines, although reports on producer prices and retail sales are scheduled to be released on Friday. Additionally, financial giants Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results this week. Energy stocks have shown a notable move to the downside on the day amid a sharp drop in the price of crude oil. Crude for February delivery is tumbling $1.42 to $52.57 a barrel amid concerns increased U.S. production will offset an OPEC output reduction. On the other hand, semiconductor stocks have moved notably higher, driving the Philadelphia Semiconductor Index up by 1.3 percent. Graphics chip maker Nvidia (NVDA) is posting a standout gain. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance on Monday, with the Japanese markets closed on the day. China's Shanghai Composite Index rose by 0.5 percent, while India's BSE Sensex edged down by 0.1 percent. The major European markets have also turned mixed on the day. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has inched up by 0.1 percent, the German DAX Index is down by 0.6 percent and the French CAC 40 Index is down by 0.8 percent. In the bond market, treasuries have moved back to the upside following the pullback seen last Friday. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, is down by 3.7 basis points at 2.381 percent. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Business News Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Top Stories Gainers & Losers Of The Day: DXCM, CYAD, SKLN, SSH... Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary House Approves Resolution Setting Up Repeal Of Obamacare Takata Execs Face Criminal Charges In Airbag Scandal Apple To Face Lawsuit Over App Monopoly Allegations Few Americans Support Full Obamacare Repeal DBRS Downgrades Long-Term Ratings On Italy's Debt GOP Congressman Threatens To Subpoena Ethics Watchdog Critical Of Trump George Soros Lost Nearly $1 Bln. After Trump Win: Report Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary What's The Buzz About Nintendo Switch? Renault Reportedly Probed Over Diesel Emissions Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad U.S. Business Inventories Climb More Than Expected In November <<Previous        143 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates A Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) logo is seen in Toronto in this file photo. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) A Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX) logo is seen in Toronto in this file photo. (© Mark Blinch / Reuters) At the open: TSX falls as energy stocks weigh Add to ... Reuters Published Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 9:40AM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 9:40AM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index fell in early trade on Monday, weighed down by energy stocks as oil prices fell and as shares in telecom companies also lost ground. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index was down 38.00 points, or 0.25 per cent, at 15,458.05 shortly after the open. U.S. stocks opened lower on Monday as energy stocks were pulled down by a drop in oil prices, while a decline in Goldman Sachs moved the Dow Jones Industrial Average further from the historic 20,000 mark. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 49.68 points, or 0.25 per cent, at 19,914.12. The S&P 500 was down 3.18 points, or 0.139659 per cent, at 2,273.8. The Nasdaq Composite was up 6.91 points, or 0.13 per cent, at 5,527.96. The Dow hit a record 19,999.63 points on Friday, while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also hit all-time highs, after a late pop in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November as investors bet he will introduce business-friendly policies. But the rally has led to lofty valuations - the S&P is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. “The market is building drama around 20,000 and if and when we get promising earnings reports, the Dow will go through the point like a hot knife through butter,” said Andre Bakhos, managing director at Janlyn Capital in Bernardsville, NJ. The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks, including JPMorgan , Bank of America and Wells Fargo. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1-per-cent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Oil fell 2 per cent on Monday as signs of growing U.S. production outweighed optimism that many other producers, including Russia, were sticking to a deal to cut supplies in a bid to bolster the market. Brent crude futures were down $1.08, or 1.9 per cent, at $56.02 a barrel, after touching a intra-day low of $55.85. U.S. crude futures were trading at $52.99 per barrel, down $1, or 1.9 per cent, compared with a session low of $52.85. “We see the optimism surrounding OPEC and non-OPEC production cuts being counterbalanced by fears of higher U.S. crude production as the higher rig count of last Friday still weighs,” said Hans van Cleef, senior energy economist at ABN Amro. A stronger U.S. dollar also weighed as the currency surged on expectations of faster U.S. interest rate hikes this year, making it more expensive to hold dollar-denominated commodities. Last week, U.S. energy companies added oil rigs for a 10th week in a row to 529, Baker Hughes data showed, extending a recovery in activity into an eighth month. Analysts at Barclays said they expected the U.S. rig count to rise to 850-875 by the end of the year, with spending on exploration and production set to increase 27 percent in North America. This raised concerns that U.S. production is increasing and undermining efforts by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and others to cut output. In Iraq, OPEC’s second-biggest producer, a record 3.51 million barrels per day (bpd) were exported from its port in Basra in December, officials said, although they added that the country would comply with its commitment to lower output by an average of 210,000 bpd from January. Sources also told Reuters on Monday that Iraq’s State Oil Marketing Company (SOMO) had given three buyers in Asia and Europe full supply allocations for February. Traders also eyed news from OPEC member Kuwait, where bad weather forced the closure of oil exporting ports, state news agency Kuna said. On the other hand, Russia, one of the world’s largest crude producers, appeared to be sticking to the agreement to cut. Russian energy market sources told Reuters the country’s output had fallen by 100,000 bpd in the first week of the month. Analysts at JBC Energy were optimistic about a tighter oil market in 2017. “Concerns regarding the sincerity, depth and duration of announced production cuts notwithstanding, most analysts, including us, see tighter-than-previously-envisaged balances for 2017,” they said. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Video: Rallies and clashes over gas price hikes in Mexico (Reuters)   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$86.70 +0.46 (+0.53%) GS-NGoldman Sachs Group Inc Latest Price$244.30 +0.46 (+0.19%) CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$52.48 +0.11 (+0.21%) GC-FTGold Front Month Futures Latest Price$1,195.30 0.00 (0.00%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,497.28 +79.12 (+0.51%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Updated January 12 7:00 PM CDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Monday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades TOP LINKS Changing my view on a potential Canadian credit crisis Monday's small-cap stocks to watch Topics Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. TSX Group S&P Company Donald Trump The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries JPMorgan Chase & Co. Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram News Mad cow disease confirmed in Alberta beef cow ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Seahawks season ends with playoff loss to Falcons Matt Ryan threw for 338 yards and three touchdowns, leading the Falcons to a 36-20 victory over the Seattle Seahawks… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Americans start to see enduring wage gains Continuing tight labor market leads to bigger paychecks By Shobhana Chandra, Bloomberg Published: January 9, 2017, 6:04 AM A   A After six straight years of annual job gains topping 2 million, America’s labor market is as tight as ever, and it’s entering the next phase: an enduring pickup in wages. Average hourly earnings jumped by 2.9 percent in the 12 months through December, the most since the last recession ended in June 2009, according to the Labor Department’s employment report released Friday in Washington. Workers in almost every category, from mining and construction to retail and education, saw paychecks rise from November. The 4.7 percent jobless rate remains close to a nine-year low, even with a tick up last month. Job and wage prospects would improve even more following any successful legislation aimed at stirring growth, such as tax cuts and infrastructure investment, as President-elect Donald Trump has promised. “The trend is clearly moving toward firmer wage growth,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in New York. “The labor market is tight and getting tighter. I expect to see continued acceleration in wages this year.” The encouraging news on worker pay underscores the next stage of the labor-market recovery, which was defined by years of wage stagnation amid strong growth in payrolls. Now, the economy is adding jobs at a slower pace and measures of slack are diminishing, meaning labor shortages may become more common. That makes a sustained acceleration in paychecks critical to boosting household income and supporting spending. Some cooling in the job market was apparent in the latest report. Payrolls climbed by 156,000 in December after 204,000 in November, and the participation rate increased to 62.7 percent, which may continue as more people are drawn into the labor force and find work. Other measures of slack improved, including a drop in the number of Americans working part time who would rather have a full-time position. The December increase in wages followed a 2.5 percent advance the prior month. The improvement may have, in part, reflected the unwinding of a calendar quirk that muffled the November tally. Since the 15th of the month fell within the employment survey week, increases in bimonthly pay are more likely to have been captured. Even so, year-over-year hourly earnings have accelerated in three of the past four months, and wages were up 0.4 percent from November, matching the fastest pace since January 2016. Among industries that posted the biggest hourly wage gains were mining and logging, rising 0.8 percent from the previous month, and retail, up 0.6 percent. Construction workers saw earnings increase 0.4 percent, as did Americans in leisure and hospitality. Production workers Not everyone is getting excited just yet. Barclays Plc economists Rob Martin and Michael Gapen pointed out the more modest 2.5 percent year-over-year December gain in earnings for production and non-supervisory workers, which exclude managers. “Although the solid wage numbers in December are welcome, this month’s data followed several months of relatively weak prints and do not change our view on wage growth,” Martin and Gapen said in a note. “We continue to expect modest wage gains over the next year, as we see little slack in labor markets and expect the unemployment rate to continue its long-term trend decline.” The pickup in wages, sustained over time, would also feed into broader price pressures. That would be consistent with the view that inflation continues to move toward the goal of the Federal Reserve, which raised interest rates last month and expects to lift them three times this year. The strong wage gain for 2016 “strengthens the position of policymakers that think the Fed needs to get on with its normalization of official rates,” Joe Carson, director of global economic research at AllianceBernstein LP, wrote in a note. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan-backed InvestCloud buys London fintech Babel for $20 million Oscar Williams-Grut Jan. 9, 2017, 9:00 AM 729 facebook linkedin twitter email print Babel makes software that helps finance firms with back office processing. REUTERS/Neil Hall A London software company that helps process trades for wealth managers and stockbrokers has been snapped up by Californian fintech InvestCloud for $20 million (£16.4 million). Babel Systems, founded in 2008, helps with middle and back office processing of equities, bonds, and funds, and works with the likes of robo-advisor Nutmeg. The company's founders and angel investors have spent around £6 million developing its product. Los Angeles-headquartered InvestCloud, founded in 2010, builds software for finance companies to help their interactions with clients online. JPMorgan is one of over 600 customers and the investment bank took and undisclosed stake in the business last September. It has raised over $100 million (£41.1 million) since 2010. John Wise, chairman and CEO of InvestCloud, says in a release announcing the deal: "InvestCloud needed an extremely high-volume and low-cost trading and accounting solution designed for the cloud. Babel is the answer. "Babel is designed for the international market and is the most modern platform in the world designed for Robo and Wealth; however, it’s also versatile and can be applied to all major financial markets." Babel was set up by serial fintech entrepreneur Steve Wise who set up his first company, Synergo Technology, in 1987 and designed the Tarot system, which is used by many major stockbroking companies in the UK. Wise says in an emailed statement announcing the sale: "Babel’s next step was to target the US market; this deal greatly accelerates that initiative. InvestCloud’s digital solutions are world class and perfectly positioned to capitalize on our API approach, as proven by their selection by JPMorgan Chase." Babel, which employs 50 people in London, will continue to keep a presence in the UK while also expanding to the US. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends NOW WATCH: How much money you need to save each day to become a millionaire by age 65 Loading video... Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Fintech InvestCloud Babel Systems Nutmeg JPMorgan Chase facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan-backed InvestCloud buys London fintech Babel for $20 million JPMorgan-backed InvestCloud buys London fintech Babel for $20 million A London software company that helps process... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Morning Meeting: Significance of Dow 20,000 Here's How Republicans Are Working to Repeal Obamacare Why Twitter Should Kick Donald Trump Off Trump: 'Repeal and Replace Is Going Great' Farm Bugs on Your Desk and...Eat Them Panetta: Trump's Intelligence Tweets Are Damaging S&P 500 Winners and Losers for 01/13 How to Pull Clean Water From Thin Air Full Show: Bloomberg Technology (01/13) Micklethwait: Tech Feeds Populism More Than Globalization El-Erian: Emerging-Market Currencies Attractive Morning Meeting: Significance of Dow 20,000 9:02 AM EST January 9, 2017 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Jill Carey Hall, U.S. equity strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch, examines the market significance of Dow 20,000 and offers her bull market case of 2,700 for the S&P 500. She speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg) Most Recent Videos Wells Fargo CFO Details Cost Cuts, Recovery From Scandal Options Insight: How to Play Pfizer Wells Fargo Profit Declines GE Transportation Acquires Ider to Make Trains Smarter The Takeways From JPMorgan's Conference Call January 13, 2017 Trump Expectations Reflected in Bank Stocks: George 04:21 - David George, senior research analyst at Robert W. Baird, discusses fourth-quarter earnings reports from Bank of America, JPMorgan, and Wells Fargo and what the results mean for the rest of the banking industry. He speaks on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." George, his family, and firm, do not own shares of Wells Fargo, JPMorgan, or Bank of America. (Source: Bloomberg) January 13, 2017 Cannon: Wells Fargo Least Favorite of Our Big Banks January 13, 2017 A Deep Dive Into Fourth-Quarter Bank Results January 13, 2017 Wells Fargo Profit Drops 5.4% on Mortgage Banking Decline Markets Bank of America Corp Earnings Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us YEAR IN REVIEW 2016 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Takeda is buying Ariad Pharmaceuticals in a $5.2 billion deal Portia Crowe Business Insider9 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Christophe Weber, TakedaMore (Takeda CEO Christophe Weber.REUTERS/Issei Kato) The Japanese pharmaceutical company Takeda is buying the Cambridge, Massachussets-based Ariad Pharmaceuticals for $24 a share. The deal, valued at about $5.2 billion, is expected to close in February. "This is a very exciting time for Takeda as we will broaden our hematology portfolio and transform our global solid tumor franchise through the addition of two innovative targeted therapies," Takeda CEO Christophe Weber said in a statement. "Opportunities to acquire such high-quality, complementary targeted therapies do not come often, and we are very excited about the potential for this transaction to benefit patients, our shareholders and other stakeholders." Evercore advised Takeda, while JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, and Lazard advised Ariad. Here's the press release: CAMBRIDGE, Mass. & OSAKA, Japan--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (TSE:4502) (“Takeda”) and Ariad Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARIA) (“Ariad”) today announced that they have entered into a definitive agreement under which Takeda will acquire all of the outstanding shares in Ariad for $24.00 per share in cash, or an enterprise value of approximately $5.2 billion. The transaction has been approved unanimously by the boards of directors of both companies, and is expected to close by the end of February 2017, subject to required regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. Sarissa Capital, the holder of 6.6% of Ariad’s common shares, as well as each of the members of Ariad’s Board of Directors have agreed to tender their shares to Takeda pursuant to the offer. “The acquisition of Ariad is a unique opportunity that will enable us to positively impact the lives of more patients worldwide, advance our strategic priorities and generate attractive returns for our shareholders,” said Christophe Weber, president and chief executive officer of Takeda. “This is a very exciting time for Takeda as we will broaden our hematology portfolio and transform our global solid tumor franchise through the addition of two innovative targeted therapies. Opportunities to acquire such high-quality, complementary targeted therapies do not come often, and we are very excited about the potential for this transaction to benefit patients, our shareholders and other stakeholders.” Paris Panayiotopoulos, president and chief executive officer of Ariad, said, “We are very pleased to combine with Takeda, which will allow us to not only accelerate our mission to discover, develop and deliver precision therapies to patients with rare cancers, but also deliver immediate and meaningful value to our shareholders through a substantial cash premium. This exciting transaction is a testament to the hard work and dedication of Ariad’s talented team of employees. We have tremendous respect for Takeda, and I believe our shared commitment to innovation and research-driven cultures will provide for a smooth transition.” “This transaction is a great outcome for shareholders of Ariad and Takeda. Both Ariad and Takeda are passionate about helping cancer patients, and I believe the talent and resources of Takeda coupled with Ariad’s pipeline and people will accelerate the development of cancer treatments. I would like to extend my deepest gratitude to the management team and everyone at Ariad for their unrelenting dedication,” said Alexander J. Denner, Ph.D., Chairman of the Board of Ariad. Highly strategic deal which transforms global oncology portfolio and pipeline by expanding into solid tumors and reinforcing existing strength in hematology The acquisition of Ariad brings two innovative targeted therapies that will expand and enhance Takeda’s existing oncology portfolio. Brigatinib, an investigational drug product, has the potential to add a differentiated, global therapy in a genetically-defined subpopulation of non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). The addition of Iclusig will broaden Takeda’s strong hematology franchise to include chronic myeloid leukemia (CML) and a subset of acute lymphoblastic leukemia (ALL). Together, these two innovative targeted therapies will position Takeda for sustainable long-term growth in oncology. Takeda’s track record of successful oncology product launches [ADCETRIS® (Brentuximab Vedotin), NINLAROTM (ixazomib) and VELCADE® (bortezomib)] means it has the experience and expertise required to deliver the successful launch of brigatinib and to ensure that it achieves global reach and share of voice thereafter. Read More Accretive to Takeda’s Underlying Core Earnings by FY2018 and generates immediate and long-term revenue growth The transaction is a compelling opportunity for Takeda shareholders. It will provide immediate revenue, bring considerable long-term revenue potential and deliver synergy savings. Ariad provided calendar year 2016 revenue guidance for Iclusig of $170-180 million, and Takeda expects significant long-term revenue potential from the two lead assets. Takeda projects the acquisition of Ariad to be accretive to Underlying Core Earnings by FY2018 and broadly neutral in FY2017. Strong revenue growth and synergy savings will offset increased sales and marketing costs for the brigatinib launch. Attractive value drivers include two very innovative medicines, Iclusig and brigatinib, an exciting early stage pipeline and cost synergies Iclusig, a commercialized therapy with continued strong sales growth potential, delivers immediate value. Brigatinib, an investigational drug product with peak annual sales potential of over $1 billion, will generate significant long-term value for Takeda. U.S. approval is expected in the first half of 2017 with global filing thereafter. Beyond Iclusig and brigatinib, Ariad’s commitment and expertise in targeted kinase inhibition linked to strong translational science generated further pipeline opportunities which provide additional long-term upside potential. Takeda will leverage Ariad’s R&D capabilities and platform, and largely absorb its R&D costs within Takeda's existing R&D budget. G&A cost synergies will be fully captured by FY2018. Takeda retains financial flexibility with no impact on dividend policy The transaction will be funded by up to $4.0 billion of new debt and the remainder from existing cash. FY2017 Net Debt/EBITDA is estimated at approximately 2.6x, which is expected to remain investment grade. The transaction has no impact on Takeda’s dividend policy. NOW WATCH: This is the best way to motivate your kids to achieve success according to a behavioral economist More From Business Insider Mars is buying a pet health company for $9.1 billion A day and a half in the life of a top Wall Street tech analyst A 29-year-old hedge fund manager reveals why he loves hiring liberal arts majors Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Kohli, Jadhav set up unbelievable chase for India AFP 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored Meet U.P. 2017 poll candidate, 'Fakkad Baba', who has predicted his victory Ani Filmfare Awards 2017: Aamir bags Best Actor, Alia wins Best Actress India Today A tribute to Indian Army Ani Marijuana Millionaire #2 MONEY MORNINGSponsored Newbie Mom Shweta Tiwari Shares The First Picture Of Her Adorable Baby Boy Bollywoodshaadis.com 'One China' policy is 'non-negotiable': China tells Donald Trump Catch News 2017 Saturn Transit in Sagittarius - Know How This Major Transit Will Affect You Astroyogi Ever Googled Someone? Do A "Deep Search" Instead BeenVerified.comSponsored Encounter between security forces, terrorists underway Ani BEST DRESSED & WORST DRESSED At The Filmfare Awards 2017: Sonam, Alia, Jacqueline, Sonakshi Or Parineeti? Spotboye The only four exercises you'll ever need to shape up Yahoo Style UK A Jaw-Dropping 18-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored Harbhajan and Geeta celebrate their daughter Hinaya Heer's 1st Lohri with this adorable selfie! PinkVilla.com Six dead, 10 injured in Gangasagar mela stampede Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Financial Sector Marches To Front Of Line As Earnings Season Gets Underway The Ticker Tape , TD Ameritrade   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 09, 2017 8:45am   Comments Share: With the December jobs report in the rear-view mirror, it’s time to buckle our seatbelts for the start of earnings season. The financial sector will be the first major port of call. The beginning of the week looks a bit slow on the earnings front. But it’s on Friday when things really come to a head, as three major banks are scheduled to report before the open. Bank of America Corp (NYSE: BAC), Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE: WFC) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) could put the financial industry back in the spotlight by the end of the week, and what their executives say not only about their own companies’ financial performance, but also about what they see in the months ahead, may give investors a better idea of what to expect from the economy. Bank stocks are among the leaders since the election, boosted by a steep rise in interest rates, as well as hopes for stronger infrastructure spending, deregulation, and lower taxes under a new administration. As of the end of last week, the financial sector was up an impressive 21% over the last three months, but much of those gains came during an initial spurt in November. The sector is up just 3% in the last month, which isn’t too shabby but puts it behind some other sectors for that time period. The big banks’ Q4 results may attract less attention than what their executives say on earnings conference calls this time around, though of course trading volume, as always, remains a fundamental factor to monitor. Many investors want to know what bank industry leaders expect from Washington in the coming months, and how much any new policies might affect the economy. Questions about rising yields, proposed rate raises and infrastructure spending are likely among investors' concerns. It’s also worth tuning in to hear what bank executives say about the housing and automobile markets in the current environment of higher interest and mortgage rates. Do they anticipate demand for high-ticket items like cars and housing slowing if rates rise to a certain level? While watching financial earnings, it’s important to also keep an eye on economic data this coming week. Key reports include the Producer Price Index (PPI) and retail sales, both due out Friday morning, the same morning the big banks report. That could well be an exciting day on Wall Street, depending on the data and earnings results. Keep in mind that the December jobs report showed wage growth up 2.9% year over year, which keeps it well ahead of core consumer price inflation, last seen at around 2.1% year over year. The PPI rose a relatively steep 0.4% in November, so the December number bears close watching for any signs of an incipient rise in prices. Looking at the technical situation for the S&P 500 (SPX), we saw the index pierce key resistance at 2272 early Friday and subsequently post a new all-time high. The psychological mark of 2300 could be the next resistance point. Meanwhile, the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) came very close to the 20,000 mark on Friday, but couldn't quite make it (see below). Bond Market Shows Some Life In something of a turnaround, the struggling bond market has staged a bit of a comeback recently. On one day last week (Thursday), the 10-year yield fell 10 basis points to around 2.36%, a pretty steep drop, and well below highs seen last month around 2.6%. Debate in Washington, D.C., about repealing and replacing the Affordable Care Act may have played into the fledgling bond rally, Briefing.com, noted, saying that the focus on health care may have disappointed some market participants who had been hoping the first focus of the incoming administration would be on financial stimulus. Whatever the case, by midday Friday, bonds had given up some of their earlier gains, and yields were back above 2.4%. Keep an Eye on Manufacturing Jobs as Year Continues President-elect Trump campaigned in part bringing back high-quality manufacturing jobs to the U.S., but it might be a tough road ahead. Manufacturing employment fell by 63,000 positions in 2016, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics said. Friday’s jobs report, however, showed employment edging up in manufacturing during December, with 17,000 jobs added, including a gain of 15,000 in the durable goods component. The December jobs report was the last full report for the Obama administration, which only is in office for part of this month. From Jan. 20 on, it will be interesting to see if new economic policies can light a fire under the manufacturing sector. Oh So Close! It was around midday Friday that the DJIA made its closest approach yet to the 20,000 mark after weeks of nearing that level. At one point, the DJIA reached 19,999.63, a fraction of a point from the big round number. But it wasn’t to be, as the index pulled back and ended the day still seeking the elusive 20K. What will it take to get over the hump? Maybe some strong earnings action. We shall see. Posted-In: The Ticker TapeAnalyst Color Earnings Bonds Econ #s Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BAC + JPM) The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Turns Negative; Sanchez Energy Shares Spike Higher Mid-Day Market Update: Naked Brand Gains On Merger News; Uranium Resources Shares Slide Big Banks Benefit From Trading Binge After Election, But Retail Sales Come In Light Jim Cramer On JPMorgan: Best Quarter Ever Bank Of America Higher After Mixed Q4 Report View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Benzinga Trending Recent 1 KO, GOOG: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPY, SPX: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 KO, JPM: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 DXCM, TNDM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show T... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bill... 6 AMZN, OAK: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubbe... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products A Neutral View On A Big Utilities ETF KeyBanc Names CES Auto Winners
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse A History Of The Minimum Wage Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 09, 2017 8:27am   Comments Share: Related F All The Markets Trump Moved During His Speech Today From The Driver's Seat At Detroit's NAIAS: Ford And Toyota Steal Day One's Spotlight Trump Inauguration, Netflix, GE, IBM, Davos Lead Investing Action Plan (Investor's Business Daily) Related JPM Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Turns Negative; Sanchez Energy Shares Spike Higher Mid-Day Market Update: Naked Brand Gains On Merger News; Uranium Resources Shares Slide U.S. Banks Q4 Comps: Operating Leverage Looks Strong In Key Banks (Seeking Alpha) One hundred and two (102) years ago, Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) announced a minimum wage boost to $5 per eight-hour day — a move that more than doubled the earnings of employees. The increase turned out to be economically instrumental, as it fostered greater productivity and improved employee relations among Ford assembly workers. In contemporary times, some businesses have imitated this yet-unusual tactic with hopes for similar economic gains. In 2015, Gravity Payments Inc experimented with a $70,000 minimum annual salary. The decision on the part of CEO Dan Price prompted a loss of clients and some of the company’s top employees, but the company is still afloat and functioning. In 2016, both Starbucks Corporation (NASDAQ: SBUX) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) raised their minimum hourly pay — the former by rates between 5 and 15 percent and the latter by increments between $1.85 and $6.35. Between 2015 and 2016, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) raised its minimum hourly pay on two separate occasions: once from $8 to $9, and then to its present rate of $10. The company is currently enduring a large-scale battle with employees demanding a $15 minimum. If successful, the “Fight for Fifteen” movement would cost Wal-Mart an estimated $4.95 billion annually according to the UC Berkeley Center for Labor Research. When The Government Intervenes While some corporations institute voluntary wages increases, others effect change more reluctantly and only to comply with federal mandates. After New Zealand enacted the first federally regulated minimum wage law in 1894, the United States was slow to follow suit. Nearly 45 years passed before the United States instituted the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938, which established a minimum hourly wage of $0.25. Throughout history, the rate increased just short of 30 times, with the most recent change setting the price at $7.25. According to the Economic Policy Institute, this figure lies about $18 below the average U.S. hourly wage. Most states maintain their own wage laws. As of January 1, 29 states and D.C. enforced minimums above the federal rate and 14 states maintained the same rates as the federal government. Five had no minimum wage law, and two enforced rates lower than the federal minimum; employers in each state are obligated to comply with federal rules. Throughout 2016, 20 states increased or were in the process of increasing their minimum wages, and 12 others currently have plans to effect raises in the coming years. Posted-In: Dan Price economic policy institute Fair Labor Standards Act Gravity Payments minimum wageEducation Top Stories General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (F + JPM) Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Turns Negative; Sanchez Energy Shares Spike Higher Mid-Day Market Update: Naked Brand Gains On Merger News; Uranium Resources Shares Slide Big Banks Benefit From Trading Binge After Election, But Retail Sales Come In Light Jim Cramer On JPMorgan: Best Quarter Ever Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Open Higher; JPMorgan Profit Beats Estimates The Market In 5 Minutes: Big Banks Get Earnings Season Started View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on F Trending Recent 1 PRGNF, DCIX: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 2 LLY, NBIX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 3 PNR, AUY: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January... 4 SSNI, SGMO: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros'... 6 FSLR: First Solar Gives Longs A Ray Of Hope 7 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expecta... 1 TNDM, MDT: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Will... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tra... 4 KKR, AMZN: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations Fo... 7 ARRY, APC: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products KeyBanc Names CES Auto Winners 15 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Futures Pointing To Mixed Open On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary 1/9/2017 8:43 AM ET Following the strength seen in the previous week, stocks may show a lack of direction in early trading on Monday. The major index futures are currently pointing to a mixed open for the markets, with the Dow futures down by 35 points but the Nasdaq futures up by 3 points. Traders may be reluctant to make any significant moves after the strength seen last week lifted the Dow within striking distance of 20,000. The economic calendar for the week also starts off relatively quiet, although reports on producer prices and retail sales are scheduled to be released on Friday. Additionally, financial giants Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results this week. After initially showing a lack of direction, stocks moved mostly higher over the course of the trading session on Friday. The upward move lifted the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 to new record closing highs, while the Dow closed just shy of the 20,000 level. The Dow flirted with 20,000 throughout the afternoon but was unable to break through the key psychological level. The blue chip index still closed up 64.51 points or 0.3 percent at 19,963.80, while the Nasdaq climbed 33.12 points or 0.6 percent to 5,521.06 and the S&P 500 rose 7.98 points or 0.4 percent to 2,276.98. With the gains on the day, the major averages closed higher for the first week of the new year. While the Dow jumped by 1 percent, the Nasdaq and the S&P 500 surged up by 2.6 percent and 1.7 percent, respectively. In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region turned in a mixed performance on Monday, with the Japanese markets closed on the day. China's Shanghai Composite Index rose by 0.5 percent, while India's BSE Sensex edged down by 0.1 percent. The major European markets have also turned mixed on the day. While the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index has risen by 0.3 percent, the German DAX Index is down by 0.4 percent and the French CAC 40 Index is down by 0.7 percent. In commodities trading, crude oil futures are tumbling $1.09 to $52.90 a barrel after rising $0.23 to $53.99 a barrel last Friday. Meanwhile, an ounce of gold is trading at $1,181.60, up $8.20 from the previous session's close of $1,173.40. On Friday, gold fell $7.90. On the currency front, the U.S. dollar is trading at 116.52 yen compared to the 117.02 yen it fetched at the close of New York trading on Friday. Against the euro, the dollar is valued at $1.0535 compared to Friday's $1.0532. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Personal Finance Personal Finance Retirement College College Game Plan Careers Savings Debt Tax Planning The heyday of card sign-up bonuses may be done, but here are some deals Tom Anderson | @bytomanderson Monday, 9 Jan 2017 | 8:30 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Chase plans to slash Sapphire Reserve card's bonus    Wednesday, 4 Jan 2017 | 1:34 PM ET | 00:40 The Chase Sapphire Reserve credit card was the one to beat when it came to sign-up bonuses, offering $1,500 to people who spent $4,000 on the card in the first three months. That era of big sign-up bonuses may be coming to an end. JPMorgan Chase recently announced it would eventually cut that bonus in half. Now savvy shoppers who search for the best rewards may be seeking other plastic. You still have until Thursday to apply online for the full award from the card that graced the cover of Bloomberg Businessweek and made reward-points nerds' hearts skip a beat. If you really must have the full offer, you can still apply at Chase branch until March 12. As with any credit card, the devil is in the details. Chase Sapphire Reserve charges a $450 annual fee, though it will cut $300 off if you spend it on travel. Beyond Chase Sapphire Reserve, several card issuers still offer bonuses worth $1,000 or more. (See table below.) "Chase Sapphire Reserve is still my favorite travel card," said Sean McQuay, a credit card analyst with NerdWallet. "If you are not a frequent traveler, you may be better off with a cash-back card with no annual fee." CitiBank and Chase both offer no-annual-fee cards that provide lucrative cash-back bonuses, McQuay said. With the Citi Double Cash card, you receive 1 percent back on every dollar you spend and another 1 percent back when you pay off your purchases regardless of where you spend. The Chase Freedom card gives you 5 percent cash-back when you shop at a rotating list to retailers, such as gas stations, grocery stores and restaurants. Rewards cards, whether they have an annual fee or not, only work well if you spend enough to qualify for sign-up bonuses and pay off your balance every month. The perks of rewards come with a hidden price. These cards typically charge more interest than plastic that doesn't offer rewards. For example, the national average interest rate for a credit card is 15.33 percent, according to CreditCards.com, while the lowest rate Chase Sapphire Reserve offers is 16.24 percent. Credit card rates are expected to rise this year as the Federal Reserve plans to increase its benchmark rate. "If you haven't done so already, 2017 is the perfect time to pay off your credit-card debt," said Matt Schulz, senior credit card analyst at CreditCards.com. High-fee rewards cards may continue Sign-up bonuses above $1,000 may be dwindling, but they could stage a comeback soon. Even though the sign-up bonuses cost Chase up to $300 million in profit, demand for the Sapphire Reserve card exceeded the industry's expectations and proved there is a bigger market for high-fee rewards cards if issuers offer the right incentives, Schulz said. "I honestly don't think we've seen the end of high sign-up bonuses," Shulz said. Why? Consumer confidence is at its highest since August 2001. Charge-off and delinquency rates for cards are the lowest levels since before the Great Recession. And banks are eager to attract and retain well-heeled customers who qualify, Schulz said. McQuay disagrees. Chase is better capitalized than its competitors, such as American Express, and if they couldn't afford the lucrative $1,500 offer, he doubts other issuers will follow suit now. "The Chase Sapphire Reserve sign-up bonus was jaw-dropping," McQuay said. "We may not see one like that again anytime soon." Tom AndersonPersonal Finance Writer To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video DTCC to rebuild credit default swaps processing platform with blockchain Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money | Mon Jan 9, 2017 | 8:03am EST DTCC to rebuild credit default swaps processing platform with blockchain By Anna Irrera | NEW YORK NEW YORK Post-trade provider the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) will use blockchain technology this year to rebuild its platform that processes $11 trillion worth of credit default swaps, as Wall Street intensifies efforts to take advantage of the emerging technology. IBM Corp and technology startups Axoni and R3 CEV have been selected to work on the project which is set to kick-off this month, DTCC said on Monday. It expects the new blockchain-enabled Trade Information Warehouse to go live in early 2018. The project is one of the largest implementations of the nascent technology in mainstream financial markets to have been made public to date. Blockchain is a shared record of transactions maintained by a network of computers on the internet. The project is being developed with input from market participants and infrastructure providers including Barclays Plc, Citigroup Inc, Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG, JPMorgan Chase & Co, UBS Group AG, Wells Fargo & Co, IHS Markit Ltd and Intercontinental Exchange Inc, DTCC said. Blockchain will reduce the costs and complexity of managing credit default swaps, which are essentially contracts that insure bond-holders against losses if the bond goes bad. DTCC’s platform keeps track of the security throughout the lifecycle of the associated bond. Blockchain can simplify the process by automatically maintaining a shared electronic record of the security which is visible to all relevant parties. The decision to implement the technology follows a test conducted by DTCC and banks in 2016 which proved some of the advantages of using blockchain, said Michael Bodson, president and chief executive officer of DTCC. "The test showed that distributed ledger technology could handle all the various types of events processing needs for credit default swaps and it showed that it could be done at a lower cost point than what can be done with our existing infrastructure," Bodson said. The implementation comes after a year marked by a flurry of blockchain tests and ambitious announcements from financial institutions and technology companies, leading skeptics to question whether the technology underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin was being over hyped. "The project will prove to the industry that it (blockchain) is a powerful technology that can deliver benefits," Bodson said. DTCC is also working with New York-based startup Digital Asset Holdings on developing blockchain-based technology for the syndicated loans market. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Next In Money Top U.S. bank executives optimistic heading into 2017 NEW YORK Executives of big U.S. banks expressed optimism on Friday about the outlook for 2017 in their first public comments about quarterly earnings since the U.S. presidential election in November. Citadel pays SEC $22.6 million to settle charges of misleading customers Citadel Securities, the market-making arm of billionaire hedge-fund manager Ken Griffin, has agreed to pay $22.6 million to settle charges that it misled customers about the way it priced trades, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission said on Friday. New York firm founder pleads guilty to $23 million fraud NEW YORK A New York woman who founded two firms pleaded guilty on Friday to defrauding investors, including friends and family members, out of more than $23 million by lying about her rates of return in order to cover up her growing trading losses. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Market Data Industry News Personal Finance Tech My Screeners My Portfolio UK Markets open in 5 hrs 56 mins FTSE 100 7,337.81 45.44 (0.62%) GBP/USD 1.2029 -0.02 (-1.27%) GBPEUR=X 1.1323 (0) DTCC to rebuild credit default swaps processing platform with blockchain Reuters - UK Focus9 January 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Anna Irrera NEW YORK, Jan 9 (Reuters) - Post-trade provider the Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (DTCC) will use blockchain technology this year to rebuild its platform that processes $11 trillion worth of credit default swaps, as Wall Street intensifies efforts to take advantage of the emerging technology. IBM Corp and technology startups Axoni and R3 CEV have been selected to work on the project which is set to kick-off this month, DTCC said on Monday. It expects the new blockchain-enabled Trade Information Warehouse to go live in early 2018. The project is one of the largest implementations of the nascent technology in mainstream financial markets to have been made public to date. Blockchain is a shared record of transactions maintained by a network of computers on the internet. The project is being developed with input from market participants and infrastructure providers including Barclays Plc (LSE: BARC.L - news) , Citigroup Inc (NYSE: C - news) , Credit Suisse Group AG, Deutsche Bank AG (IOB: 0H7D.IL - news) , JPMorgan Chase & Co (Xetra: 850628 - news) , UBS Group AG, Wells Fargo (Swiss: WFC-USD.SW - news) & Co, IHS Markit Ltd (Stuttgart: A1139A - news) and Intercontinental Exchange Inc (NYSE: ICE - news) , DTCC said. Blockchain will reduce the costs and complexity of managing credit default swaps, which are essentially contracts that insure bond-holders against losses if the bond goes bad. DTCC's platform keeps track of the security throughout the lifecycle of the associated bond. Blockchain can simplify the process by automatically maintaining a shared electronic record of the security which is visible to all relevant parties. The decision to implement the technology follows a test conducted by DTCC and banks in 2016 which proved some of the advantages of using blockchain, said Michael Bodson, president and chief executive officer of DTCC. "The test showed that distributed ledger technology could handle all the various types of events processing needs for credit default swaps and it showed that it could be done at a lower cost point than what can be done with our existing infrastructure," Bodson said. The implementation comes after a year marked by a flurry of blockchain tests and ambitious announcements from financial institutions and technology companies, leading skeptics to question whether the technology underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin was being overhyped. "The project will prove to the industry that it (blockchain) is a powerful technology that can deliver benefits," Bodson said. DTCC is also working with New York-based startup Digital Asset Holdings on developing blockchain-based technology for the syndicated loans market. (Reporting by Anna Irrera; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to read next More clarity needed from banks over fees and charges, survey finds PA Money News 2017 Honda Accord Central Iowa Honda DealersSponsored BlackRock advises FTSE 350 chairmen to rein in the salaries of top execs Business Insider The price of food in the UK is going up and it shows how Brexit will make all Brits poorer Business Insider MORGAN STANLEY: Argentina's stock market could rocket as much as 258% in 5 years Business Insider Real Life Giants You Won't Believe Actually Exist viral X filesSponsored How much is in your drawers? Britons are sitting on almost £1.6 billion in unspent foreign holiday money Yahoo Finance UK 'Window of opportunity' for first-time buyers in 2017 market PA Money News Yahoo Finance Live: 2016 Starbucks Investor Day This game will keep you up all night! Soldiers Inc.Sponsored Planning on getting fit this year? Look at these 6 magnificent homes with their own gyms LinkedIn's head of recruiting says these are the 2 most common hiring mistakes Business Insider Making money: Sir Richard Branson’s unique lessons in wealth and happiness Yahoo Finance UK Mila Kunis' Los Angeles Mansion (PHOTOS) LonnySponsored 12 of the best: BMW 5 Series scoops motor industry's 'Oscar' for car of the year Leading employers for graduates 'offering starting salaries of up to £45,000' PA Money News Data disclaimer Help Suggestions
Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments2 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Grade Pointopinion Sallie Mae’s stock has soared since the election. But will Donald Trump really deliver? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Rohit Chopra January 9 President-elect Donald Trump (Photo by Jessica Kourkounis/Getty Images) Rohit Chopra, the former student loan ombudsman at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and a senior fellow at the Consumer Federation of America, argues that private lenders may not see the windfall they are expecting after President-elect Donald Trump takes office. –Danielle Douglas-Gabriel  It’s no surprise that some industries are gearing up for big paydays with the election of Donald Trump. Among the biggest winners after Election Day were private prisons, which Trump showered with praise during the campaign. The same goes for the fossil-fuel industry, given Trump’s well-known skepticism of climate change. But investors also see fortunes in their future in another market: the student loan industry. [Trump’s win leaves Obama’s higher education reforms in doubt] After Election Day, a slew of student loan outfits scored big gains before 2016 came to a close. Nelnet, which collects payments from 5 million borrowers, climbed 39 percent. Discover, the credit card company that has bet big on student loans, rose 29 percent. But the biggest haul belongs to Sallie Mae, whose investors saw their stock surge 64 percent — just one month after Election Day. Investors are betting that a President Trump will make the student loan industry super-rich again. But given the incoming president’s consistent rhetoric about the squeeze of student debt on young people across the country, this bet could go badly. Like the subprime mortgage industry, Sallie Mae and the student loan industry were booming a decade ago, aggressively pushing loans and packaging them up into securities. But the music stopped soon after Sallie Mae and other lenders were implicated in a kickback scandal, although they stayed afloat thanks to federal bailout programs. [How the attempt to fix student loans got bogged down by the middlemen] In 2010, Congress halted the student loan gravy train, cutting subsidies to Wall Street and Sallie Mae for offering federally guaranteed student loans. Sallie Mae now focuses on private student loans, mostly marketed to students who borrow heavily, where the company controls roughly half the market. Just a few weeks after Election Day, at a JPMorgan investor conference, the chief executive of Sallie Mae laid out his plans to triple its business that relies one of its time-tested strategies: lobbying. The federal government will lend close to $100 billion in student loans this year. Sallie Mae wants to see the government halt lending on the most profitable loan programs, forcing those borrowers to go to private lenders, where most of them would face higher interest rates and fewer protections. If the student loan lobby can convince Trump to agree to siphon off $20 billion in Department of Education loans to private lenders, Sallie Mae believes it could triple its lending. The chief executive, whose personal stock holdings have jumped millions of dollars in value since Election Day, acknowledged that “we are in close contact with all the relevant politicians.” The Republican platform mostly steered clear of how we need to restructure our badly broken student loan system. But Trump sang from a different song sheet. [Trump just laid out a pretty radical student debt plan] In the campaign, Trump actually proposed shortening the number of years borrowers would have to pay their loans from 20 years to 15 years before getting the rest forgiven. He criticized colleges that “spend more on private-equity fund managers than on tuition programs.” And he echoes Massachusetts Democratic Sen. Elizabeth Warren’s concern about the federal government profiting off student loans. Trump hasn’t exactly championed eliminating a borrower’s choice to choose lower-rate federal student loans. If anything, he’s tapped into the economic anxiety that so many Americans with student debt face, where borrowers worry that they won’t be able to save up for that first down payment on a home or start a family. And student debt stress isn’t confined to your prototypical college graduate. According to exit polls, Trump won big among voters that served in the military. But Sallie Mae’s spinoff Navient was caught cheating tens of thousands of military families on their student loans, paying close to $100 million to settle the overcharging scandal. According to a Justice Department complaint, the company engaged in conduct that was “intentional, willful, and taken in blatant disregard of the rights of servicemembers.” [Sallie Mae to pay $97 million for unlawfully charging troops on student loans] Although it’s unlikely that Trump will be a cheerleader for free college or any other major expansion of the federal government’s role, Americans of all ages and political affiliations want to see real progress on student debt. As with so many issues, none of us can predict exactly what’s on Trump’s student loan to-do list. Perhaps he’ll unleash tweets at colleges with large endowments that are jacking up tuition. Maybe he’ll renegotiate the cushy contracts the government has with student loan companies responsible for collecting payments from borrowers. He may even act immediately by demanding reimbursement for taxpayers who were overcharged by Sallie Mae for more than $22 million in subsidies, according to a 2009 investigation by the Department of Education’s inspector general, a substantial sum that has gone mysteriously uncollected for more than seven years. With a student loan borrower defaulting every 28 seconds, slipshod loan servicing is one of the biggest problems. If he’s smart, he’ll support the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s work to stop this avalanche of defaults. I’m crossing my fingers that a sweetheart deal for Sallie Mae and the student loan industry that soaks Americans with more debt won’t be high on Trump’s list. But if it somehow makes the cut, he’ll be asking for a fight with a lot of current — and future — student loan borrowers across the country. local grade-point Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local grade-point Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 2 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 2 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. A limited time offer for Apple Pay users. Buy with Cancel anytime $9.99/month after the two month trial period. Sales tax may apply. By subscribing you agree to our Terms of Service, Digital Products Terms of Sale & Privacy Policy. Get 2 months of digital access to The Washington Post for just 99¢. Most Read 1 There goes the neighborhood: Obamas, Ivanka Trump, Jeff Bezos moving in 2 Meet the biker hosting the biggest pro-Trump demonstration at the inauguration 3 Trump transition team says it asked D.C. National Guard general to stay 4 Head of D.C. National Guard to be removed from post in middle of inauguration 5 She was abducted from a hospital as a newborn. 18 years later, she met her birth parents. Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local grade-point Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters   Search Jobs Featured Jobs director, business development General Dynamics sr systems engineer General Dynamics sql database administrator General Dynamics washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Futures dip with oil prices; all eyes on Dow 20,000 By Reuters Published: 07:36 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 07:36 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower as oil prices dipped on Monday, after the Dow Jones Industrial Average came tantalizingly close to 20,000 on Friday. * The Dow hit 19,999.63 points on Friday after a late pop in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November as investors bet he will stimulate the economy with lower taxes and infrastructure spending. * But the rally has led to lofty valuations - the S&P 500 is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. * The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks, including JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo . ** S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Oil prices fell 1.8 percent on Monday as signs of growing U.S. production outweighed optimism that other producers were sticking to a deal to cut supplies in a bid to bolster prices. * Meanwhile, investors looking for more insight on the future path of interest rates await a speech at 9:00 a.m. ET (1400 GMT) by Eric Rosengren, president of the Boston Federal Reserve bank. * Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart is scheduled to speak later in the day. * Merrimack's shares rose more than 40 percent to $5.06 premarket after the company agreed to sell its oncology assets to France's Ipsen SA in a deal worth about $1 billion. * Vertex Pharma lost 5.2 percent to $75.25 after the company gave a full-year revenue forecast for its Orkambi cystic fibrosis treatment, which an Evercore ISI analyst said appeared to miss analysts' expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:54 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 21 points, or 0.11 percent, with 12,708 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 2.25 points, or 0.1 percent, with 60,650 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 0.75 points, or 0.01 percent, on volume of 12,419 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Futures dip with oil prices; all eyes on Dow 20,000 US STOCKS-Futures dip with oil prices; all eyes on Dow 20,000 Source : Last Updated: Mon, Jan 09, 2017 18:00 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Futures: Dow down 21 pts, S&P down 2.25 pts, Nasdaq up 0.75 pts By Yashaswini Swamynathan Jan 9 (Reuters) - U.S. stock index futures were slightly lower as oil prices dipped on Monday, after the Dow Jones Industrial Average came tantalizingly close to 20,000 on Friday. * The Dow hit 19,999.63 points on Friday after a late pop in Apple and other technology stocks. Wall Street has rallied since Donald Trump won the U.S. election in November as investors bet he will stimulate the economy with lower taxes and infrastructure spending. * But the rally has led to lofty valuations - the S&P 500 is trading at about 17 times expected earnings, compared to its 10-year average of 14. That could make investors cautious as they gear up for the fourth-quarter earnings season. * The first peek into how companies fared last quarter will be provided later this week by big U.S. banks, including JPMorgan, Bank of America and Wells Fargo . ** S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 6.1 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Oil prices fell 1.8 percent on Monday as signs of growing U.S. production outweighed optimism that other producers were sticking to a deal to cut supplies in a bid to bolster prices. * Meanwhile, investors looking for more insight on the future path of interest rates await a speech at 9:00 a.m. ET (1400 GMT) by Eric Rosengren, president of the Boston Federal Reserve bank. * Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart is scheduled to speak later in the day. * Merrimack's shares rose more than 40 percent to $5.06 premarket after the company agreed to sell its oncology assets to France's Ipsen SA in a deal worth about $1 billion. * Vertex Pharma lost 5.2 percent to $75.25 after the company gave a full-year revenue forecast for its Orkambi cystic fibrosis treatment, which an Evercore ISI analyst said appeared to miss analysts' expectations. Futures snapshot at 6:54 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were down 21 points, or 0.11 percent, with 12,708 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were down 2.25 points, or 0.1 percent, with 60,650 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 0.75 points, or 0.01 percent, on volume of 12,419 contracts. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 26820.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27170.00 (0.93%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 26900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 26290.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 25850.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26250.00 (0.57%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 26920.00 (0.37%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 39345.00 (-0.01%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Xactly Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xactly Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Rembrandt Venture Partners Ii, Sells 10,000 Shares of Xactly Corporation (XTLY) Stock Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Xactly Corporation (NASDAQ:XTLY) major shareholder Rembrandt Venture Partners Ii, sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $11.04, for a total transaction of $110,400.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Major shareholders that own more than 10% of a company’s stock are required to disclose their sales and purchases with the SEC. Rembrandt Venture Partners Ii, also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, December 13th, Rembrandt Venture Partners Ii, sold 75,000 shares of Xactly Corporation stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $10.90, for a total transaction of $817,500.00. Shares of Xactly Corporation (NASDAQ:XTLY) opened at 11.10 on Monday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $12.38 and its 200 day moving average is $13.11. Xactly Corporation has a 12 month low of $4.68 and a 12 month high of $16.10. The stock’s market capitalization is $347.77 million. Xactly Corporation (NASDAQ:XTLY) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, December 8th. The company reported ($0.06) EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.07. The firm earned $23.90 million during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that Xactly Corporation will post ($0.35) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/rembrandt-venture-partners-ii-sells-10000-shares-of-xactly-corporation-xtly-stock.html. A number of large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Xactly Corporation by 59.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 871,550 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,165,000 after buying an additional 325,216 shares in the last quarter. Garelick Capital Partners LP bought a new stake in Xactly Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $774,000. Pembroke Management LTD bought a new stake in Xactly Corporation during the third quarter valued at approximately $4,006,000. Emerald Mutual Fund Advisers Trust bought a new stake in Xactly Corporation during the second quarter valued at approximately $2,889,000. Finally, Emerald Advisers Inc. PA raised its stake in Xactly Corporation by 124.3% in the third quarter. Emerald Advisers Inc. PA now owns 532,164 shares of the company’s stock valued at $7,833,000 after buying an additional 294,891 shares in the last quarter. Several brokerages have commented on XTLY. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Xactly Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $18.00 price target on shares of Xactly Corporation in a research note on Friday, December 9th. First Analysis began coverage on shares of Xactly Corporation in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price target for the company. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on shares of Xactly Corporation from $17.00 to $20.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 26th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Xactly Corporation has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $17.38. About Xactly Corporation Xactly Corporation is a provider of cloud-based incentive compensation solutions for employee and sales performance management. The Company delivers its solutions through a software-as-a-service (SaaS) business model. The Company has a customer base, including companies in various industries, such as business and financial services, communications, life sciences, media and Internet, SaaS and traditional software, and retail. Receive News & Ratings for Xactly Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Xactly Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Insider Buying: New Jersey Mining Company (NJMC) Insider Buys $130,000.00 in Stock Next » Brokerages Expect Teck Resources (TECK) to Post $1.38 EPS Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Dermira Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dermira Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Thomas G. Wiggans Sells 8,000 Shares of Dermira, Inc. (DERM) Stock Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Dermira, Inc. (NASDAQ:DERM) CEO Thomas G. Wiggans sold 8,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $31.06, for a total value of $248,480.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 11,468 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $356,196.08. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Shares of Dermira, Inc. (NASDAQ:DERM) opened at 31.71 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.13 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $31.35 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.02. Dermira, Inc. has a 52-week low of $17.42 and a 52-week high of $36.34. Dermira (NASDAQ:DERM) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.72) EPS for the quarter, meeting the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.72). On average, equities research analysts predict that Dermira, Inc. will post ($3.32) EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece of content was originally published by Web Breaking News and is the propert of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/thomas-g-wiggans-sells-8000-shares-of-dermira-inc-derm-stock.html. Several equities research analysts have commented on DERM shares. Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $46.00 price objective on shares of Dermira in a research note on Wednesday, September 21st. Leerink Swann restated a “buy” rating on shares of Dermira in a research report on Wednesday, October 5th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Dermira from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, SEB Equity Research restated a “reduce” rating on shares of Dermira in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $41.00. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in DERM. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Dermira by 6,034.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,558 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $104,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares during the last quarter. Glenmede Trust Co. NA purchased a new stake in shares of Dermira during the second quarter worth approximately $170,000. A.R.T. Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Dermira during the second quarter worth approximately $207,000. Morgan Stanley increased its stake in shares of Dermira by 333.1% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 6,640 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $224,000 after buying an additional 5,107 shares during the last quarter. Finally, DIAM Co. Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Dermira during the second quarter worth approximately $231,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 84.95% of the company’s stock. About Dermira Dermira, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on identifying, developing and commercializing differentiated therapies for dermatologic diseases. The Company’s portfolio includes three late-stage product candidates that target unmet needs and market opportunities, such as Cimzia (certolizumab pegol), DRM04 and DRM01. Receive News & Ratings for Dermira Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Dermira Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Markus J. Cappel Sells 26,821 Shares of ChemoCentryx, Inc. (CCXI) Stock Next » Cineworld Group plc (CINE) Earns Buy Rating from N+1 Singer Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Swiss-Style Shackles on Czech Koruna Face Biggest Test Yet Peter Laca January 9, 2017, 4:34 AM EST January 9, 2017, 8:54 AM EST December annual inflation forecast to quicken to 1.9 percent Derivatives markets show rising bets on koruna cap exit The Czech central bank’s resolve to hold back the country’s currency with a Swiss-style cap on gains is facing the biggest test to date as inflation flirts with the regulator’s target. After an unprecedented stretch of undershooting the 2 percent goal, annual consumer-price growth quickened to 1.9 percent in December following an unexpected jump to 1.5 percent in November, according to a Bloomberg survey. Volatile food costs and government measures combined with expensive oil to more than double the inflation rate since October. The spike, resembling a trend seen across the globe, poses a dilemma for policy makers mulling when and how to end their unconventional policy that has kept the koruna weaker than about 27 against euro. Rate setters have repeatedly said they see themselves unshackling the koruna from the one-sided peg around mid-year, but not before April. While they’ve said sustainable fulfillment of the inflation target is their main requirement, price growth data that has exceeded their forecasts has put the forecast under scrutiny. With investors clamoring to capitalize on koruna bets once the cap is lifted, the Czech National Bank will probably have to step up interventions under which it has printed koruna to buy foreign currencies worth about 30 billion euros ($31.6 billion) since 2013. Following a November drop in koruna sales, the central bank “will likely have to intervene in greater sizes from January onward,” JPMorgan Chase & Co. analyst Jose Cerveira said. “As pressure mounts on the peg, we think it’s likely that CNB board members will avoid adding fuel to the fire, so the language is set to become more polished and vague.” Derivatives used to speculate on future currency moves are already showing increasing bets on koruna gains once the limit is removed. Czech central bankers have warning that they won’t allow sharp appreciation in the aftermath to avoid the type of shock the Swiss National Bank triggered when it ditched its exchange-rate cap two years ago. Twelve-month euro-koruna forwards dropped 0.4 percent last week to 26.62, the lowest level since the regime began. Inflation accelerating toward the central bank’s target will probably attract more capital inflows and force the regulator to step up its interventions, according to ING Groep NV. January koruna sales may “markedly exceed the already large volumes” seen in September and October, ING analysts Jakub Seidler and Petr Krpata said in a note. “There is still more scope for an additional decline in euro-koruna forward points as more investors enter the long-koruna trade and corporates hedge themselves even more ahead of the exit,” Seidler and Krpata said. The deliberation over the return to standard policy is accompanied by an economic  recovery that has pushed unemployment to record lows and fueled the fastest wage increases in a decade. The resurfacing price pressure echoes that occurring in major economies, with German inflation jumping a full percentage point in December, Chinese factory-gate prices growing at the fastest pace since 2011 and the U.S. Federal Reserve’s preferred gauge of inflation showing the quickest gains since 2014. Read more: The Koruna as Europe’s next big currency play The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Given the positive economic outlook, monetary policy “may start to be less relaxed” from the middle of the year, as outlined in the central bank’s forecast, Vice Governor Vladimir Tomsik said last week. He added that merely reaching the inflation goal isn’t enough to cause an exit from the intervention regime. Governor Jiri Rusnok sent a similar message, saying the bank will seek to avoid reversing its policy prematurely. “Since we have undershot our target for a relatively long time, it’d be justified if we could overshoot this target for some time now,” Rusnok said in an interview with news portal Hlidaci Pes last week. “The fact that inflation is at 2 percent in April or May, or slightly above, isn’t a fatal trigger for our decision.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARWR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ARWR) has been given a consensus rating of “Hold” by the six brokerages that are currently covering the firm. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and one has issued a strong buy recommendation on the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $2.81. A number of research analysts have issued reports on ARWR shares. Chardan Capital lowered shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $8.00 to $2.00 in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Cantor Fitzgerald restated a “buy” rating and set a $15.00 price target on shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. William Blair lowered shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and cut their price target for the company from $12.00 to $2.00 in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. Jefferies Group cut their price target on shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from $6.50 to $5.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Companies lowered shares of Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price target for the company from $10.00 to $2.00 in a research note on Wednesday, November 30th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ARWR) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/arrowhead-pharmaceuticals-inc-arwr-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:ARWR) opened at 1.96 on Wednesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $2.08 and its 200-day moving average is $5.28. The stock’s market cap is $145.38 million. Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals has a 1-year low of $1.20 and a 1-year high of $8.22. In other news, Director Douglas B. Given sold 12,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, October 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.72, for a total value of $80,640.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 3.90% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 0.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,492,159 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,967,000 after buying an additional 12,809 shares during the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System raised its stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 0.7% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 126,906 shares of the company’s stock worth $675,000 after buying an additional 852 shares during the last quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC raised its stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals by 12.5% in the second quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC now owns 49,147 shares of the company’s stock worth $261,000 after buying an additional 5,458 shares during the last quarter. Shell Asset Management Co. acquired a new stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter worth $542,000. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new stake in Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals during the second quarter worth $390,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 40.69% of the company’s stock. About Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals, Inc, formerly Arrowhead Research Corporation, is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company is engaged in developing RiboNucleic Acid interference (RNAi) therapeutics. Its products include ARC-520, ARC-521, ARC-AAT, ARC-F12, ARC-HIF2 and ARC-LPA. ARC-520 is designed to treat chronic hepatitis B virus (HBV) infection. Receive News & Ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous BowLeven PLC (BLVN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Macquarie Next » Brokerages Set Student Transportation Inc (STB) Target Price at $7.08 Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intercontinental Hotels Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Intercontinental Hotels Group (IHG) Raised to “Overweight” at Barclays PLC January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group (NYSE:IHG) from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research note published on Tuesday. Several other equities research analysts have also weighed in on IHG. HSBC initiated coverage on shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group in a report on Monday, September 19th. They issued a reduce rating on the stock. Morgan Stanley lowered shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group from an equal weight rating to an underweight rating in a report on Monday, September 26th. Beaufort Securities reiterated a buy rating on shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group in a report on Monday, October 24th. Finally, MKM Partners reiterated a neutral rating and issued a $44.00 target price (down from $47.00) on shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group in a report on Monday, December 5th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $44.00. Shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group (NYSE:IHG) opened at 44.96 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average of $42.94 and a 200 day moving average of $41.29. The firm has a market cap of $10.25 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.13 and a beta of 1.33. Intercontinental Hotels Group has a 1-year low of $34.63 and a 1-year high of $50.53. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/intercontinental-hotels-group-ihg-raised-to-overweight-at-barclays-plc.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. CIBC World Markets Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Intercontinental Hotels Group during the second quarter valued at about $266,000. First Trust Advisors LP acquired a new position in Intercontinental Hotels Group during the second quarter worth $609,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Intercontinental Hotels Group by 49.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 145,511 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,458,000 after buying an additional 47,883 shares during the period. Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware acquired a new position in Intercontinental Hotels Group during the second quarter worth $190,000. Finally, Investment Centers of America Inc. increased its position in Intercontinental Hotels Group by 138.6% in the second quarter. Investment Centers of America Inc. now owns 26,249 shares of the company’s stock worth $984,000 after buying an additional 15,249 shares during the period. 6.05% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Intercontinental Hotels Group Company Profile InterContinental Hotels Group PLC is a hotel company. The Company operates hotels in three ways: as a franchisor, as a manager, and on an owned and leased basis. The Company’s segments include Americas; Europe; Asia, Middle East and Africa (AMEA); Greater China, and Central. The Company operates a portfolio of hotel brands, including InterContinental, HUALUXE Hotels and Resorts, Kimpton Hotels and Restaurants, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, EVEN Hotels, Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Staybridge Suites and Candlewood Suites. Receive News & Ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intercontinental Hotels Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Saul Centers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saul Centers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Philip D. Caraci Sells 7,500 Shares of Saul Centers, Inc. (BFS) Stock January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Saul Centers, Inc. (NYSE:BFS) Director Philip D. Caraci sold 7,500 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of $66.19, for a total transaction of $496,425.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Saul Centers, Inc. (NYSE:BFS) opened at 66.43 on Monday. Saul Centers, Inc. has a 12-month low of $46.46 and a 12-month high of $68.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $65.25 and its 200 day moving average is $64.49. The company has a market cap of $1.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 43.70 and a beta of 0.72. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, January 17th will be issued a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.07%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, January 12th. This is a positive change from Saul Centers’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.47. Saul Centers’s payout ratio is presently 123.69%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/philip-d-caraci-sells-7500-shares-of-saul-centers-inc-bfs-stock.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of BFS. SECOR Capital Advisors LP raised its position in shares of Saul Centers by 37.8% in the second quarter. SECOR Capital Advisors LP now owns 14,213 shares of the company’s stock valued at $877,000 after buying an additional 3,899 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of Saul Centers by 2.0% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 15,119 shares of the company’s stock valued at $933,000 after buying an additional 292 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Saul Centers by 11.0% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 93,848 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,790,000 after buying an additional 9,267 shares during the last quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Saul Centers by 67.2% in the second quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 2,534 shares of the company’s stock valued at $156,000 after buying an additional 1,018 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in shares of Saul Centers by 1.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 86,571 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,343,000 after buying an additional 1,130 shares during the last quarter. 45.50% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on BFS. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Saul Centers from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 2nd. TheStreet lowered shares of Saul Centers from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, September 12th. Finally, DA Davidson started coverage on shares of Saul Centers in a report on Friday, October 14th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $72.00 price objective for the company. Saul Centers Company Profile Saul Centers, Inc (Saul Centers) operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s principal business activity is the ownership, management and development of income-producing properties. It operates in two segments: Shopping Centers and Mixed-Use Properties. The Company conducts its business through Saul Holdings Limited Partnership and/or directly or indirectly owned subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Saul Centers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Saul Centers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 Connect With Us The Man Who Became Donald Trump How Cruz and Trump learned to like each other Pro-Trump TV Network Has Big-League Dreams Democrats plot their D.C. departures for Trump inauguration Trump rips John Lewis as Democrats boycott inauguration Red-state Democrats turn against Sessions for AG Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print President-elect Donald Trump will hold his first press conference since July on Wednesday. | AP Photo 10 ways Trump could address his trouble with conflicts of interest While a chorus of ethics experts are calling on Trump to sell his businesses entirely, he has intermediate options. By Isaac Arnsdorf and Darren Samuelsohn 01/09/17 05:04 AM EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Donald Trump insists there’s an easy solution to ward off any conflicts of interest between his presidency and his business empire. This week he’ll be asked to prove it. Trump will hold his first press conference since July on Wednesday, and top advisor Kellyanne Conway said it was where he’d likely lay out his administration’s ethics plan — an announcement originally slated for mid-December. Story Continued Below Despite Trump’s claims, a host of lawyers and ethics experts say there’s nothing simple about disentangling a business worth billions from a government whose annual budget is measured in trillions — especially as initial signs from his transition team’s deliberations suggest Trump is not willing to permanently sever all ties with the company he built over decades. Here’s the range of options, from strongest to weakest, that Trump’s team could pursue: 1. Take Trump Inc. public The strongest step Trump could make to separate his interests from his company would be to take it public, turning control over to shareholders through an initial public offering of stock. Going public, and taking ownership away from Trump’s children or even another individual tycoon, would lessen the risk of anyone having too much sway with the president, as shares in the company would be widely held and traded, according to Richard Painter, a former White House ethics lawyer for President George W. Bush. The sale could include the right to use Trump’s name, effectively separating the “Trump” brand from the president itself, according to Painter. For example, Disney and JPMorgan still bear their founders’ names long after the original families stopped owning them. Trump could then use the proceeds from the IPO to buy widely diversified investments that are considered conflict-free or put them into a blind trust over which he has no knowledge or control. That would be consistent with what other recent presidents have done. Trump keeps stiff upper lip as U.S. report details Russia hacking By Eli Stokols, Louis Nelson and Cory Bennett Aside from any personal reservations about taking his company public, Trump’s unlikely to pick the public option due to a host of logistical complications. It would also expose his financials to scrutiny from regulators, bankers, investors and the public — something he has long resisted. And even in the unlikely event that Trump picks the public option, the amount of time it takes to prepare an IPO would make it impossible to finish before the inauguration or even very early in his administration. 2. Adopt a blind trust Trump could take the approach former President Bill Clinton did: setting up a blind trust and hiring an independent professional investment manager to oversee his portfolio. In Trump’s case, he would instruct the trustee to sell his companies at a reasonable pace. Eventually, Trump would have no control over or knowledge of the investments. It wouldn’t be fast or easy. Real estate properties are illiquid assets that don’t change hands frequently and are costly and time-consuming to trade. Dumping them all at once could be a fire sale. Also, because Trump’s businesses involve buildings bearing his name, it would be practically impossible to prevent him from knowing which properties were still part of his portfolio. What’s more, a blind trust wouldn’t be compatible with Trump’s apparent desire to return to his company when he leaves the White House. 3. Adopt a ‘half-blind’ trust Trump aides and the Office of Government Ethics have discussed “discretionary trusts,” although it’s not clear if the arrangement was being considered for Trump or for some of his wealthy Cabinet appointees. An official who sets up a discretionary trust technically doesn’t own the assets anymore. But the official can appoint a family member to manage them and continue discussing the investments with the family member and even receive income from them. Discretionary trusts have gotten the legal sign-off from federal ethics regulators before. But one probably wouldn’t satisfy Trump’s critics since it would let him continue to profit from his businesses. Putting assets into a trust could also produce a hefty tax bill for Trump, either as a gift or through capital gains. 4. Use an independent trust Since Trump isn’t bound by the federal conflict of interest statute, he could perhaps stop at tapping an unrelated professional to run his portfolio, even if he continues to own and be aware of his investments. “Ring-fencing his business and ceding control to independent overseers would do the job,” the Economist suggested in a November editorial, as an alternative to liquidating his assets. Even former Obama White House ethics lawyer Norm Eisen, a prominent critic of Trump’s business arrangement, considered this half-measure a step in the right direction: “I do think if he’s able to set up an independent trustee everyone will breath a deep sigh of relief,” he said. But Trump associates have told POLITICO he doesn’t want anyone outside the family owning the rights to the Trump name. 5. Appoint a corporate monitor New York Times Dealbook columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin suggested the Trump Organization appoint an outside monitor: someone with a sterling reputation who would have full access inside the company and would report to the public on potential conflicts. Sorkin suggested Kenneth Feinberg, the lawyer who oversaw victims compensation funds from the Sept. 11 attacks and the BP oil spill. Feinberg told POLITICO he wasn’t interested in the job and hasn’t discussed the possibility with the transition. But the general idea does appear to have gained some traction. Former House Speaker and one-time possible Trump running mate Newt Gingrich said in an early December interview he’d been urging Trump to turn the company over to his children while appointing a panel of three to five people -- like former Attorney General Michael Mukasey and other respected legal experts -- who’d meet monthly and review the company’s books “and make sure in no way it’s being used to the advantage of Trump.” Congress GOP resistance grows to Obamacare repeal without replacement By Burgess Everett Late last month, the New York Times reported that both the Trump Organization and the Ivanka Trump brand are considering outside monitors who would prevent inappropriate contact between the companies and the government and provide independent input on business decisions. The Times named Mukasey as a potential trustee who would run the business alongside Trump’s adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr. (Mukasey’s assistant at the law firm Debevoise & Plimpton didn’t answer a request for comment.) 6. Leave it with Donald Jr. and Eric Trump has signaled he will be handing control of his companies to his adult children. That was his answer during the campaign. "Run the company, kids, have a good time,” Trump said at a Republican debate in Charleston, South Carolina, last January. More recently, as Trump’s daughter Ivanka and her husband, Jared Kushner, took on more senior roles as close political advisers, Trump shifted toward handing the company to only his sons Donald Jr. and Eric. But letting his sons run the company while continuing to own it does nothing to resolve Trump’s conflicts of interest, ethics experts agree. For example, federal agencies would still feel pressure not to buck the president’s family business, and those kinds of interactions are widespread: The General Services Administration leases the building for Trump’s Washington hotel while the Labor and Homeland Security departments have roles in foreign worker visa applications and illegal immigration enforcement, key issues at hotels and golf courses owned by or associated with Trump. Wealthy donors and foreign governments would also see the sons as a way to curry favor with the president, as demonstrated by the “cuff links and camouflage” fundraiser scheduled for next week’s inauguration that the sons have since backed out of. On top of all that, selling the company to Trump’s children presents its own problems: if Trump sold it to them at less than fair market value, he would probably have to pay a substantial gift tax. But the children probably couldn’t afford the sticker price, so they would need to borrow money or bring in an outside investors, which would create a major new conflict. This option is further undermined by the sons’ ongoing role in the transition, such as their participation in interviews with potential Trump Cabinet nominees and meetings with tech executives. 7. Build the [Fire]wall To strengthen whatever other measures Trump takes, both the Trump Organization and the White House could establish rules to prevent inappropriate self-dealing. For example, the company could prohibit referencing the president in sales meetings or marketing materials. The Trump administration, for its part, could bar senior government officials from participating in matters involving Trump’s companies and require career officials to treat Trump’s businesses as they would any other. It could also route all calls and emails involving his business -- other than personal communications with Trump or his wife -- to the White House counsel’s office. Serious efforts to wall off the company from the administration would also help avoid potential violations of a federal insider-trading statute that does apply to the president. Legal experts warn that Trump might break the law if he or a family member used information gained from government duties to make money. The firewall probably wouldn’t work with Trump’s children still at the helm of his company. “If it were up to some people, I would never, ever see my daughter Ivanka again,” Trump said in his November interview at the New York Times. Trump has already committed to forgoing formal briefings on his business while president, and a spokeswoman said he’s open to limits on his ability to talk shop with his two adult sons. Alan Garten, an executive vice president and general counsel of the Trump Organization, also told POLITICO last week that the company would not use images of Trump on new advertisements and that there will be a prohibition against selling presidential memorabilia inside Trump-affiliated hotels and golf course pro shops. 8. The piecemeal approach Trump could also just take individual steps to address his most controversial or troublesome holdings. To some extent, this is already happening. Trump promised “no new deals” during his presidency. The Trump Organization dropped pending or in-progress projects in Brazil, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Argentina and India, the New York Times reported. The company also settled a labor dispute with Las Vegas hotel workers and canceled plans for a controversial sea wall at Trump’s Irish golf course. Trump also said he would shutter his foundation (although he can’t while the New York attorney general is still investigating the charity amid accusations of self-dealing). And Eric Trump said he will stop soliciting charitable contributions, acknowledging the “quagmire.” But in other places, Trump has shown no interest in addressing glaring conflicts of interest. Most notably, he leases his Washington hotel from the General Services Administration, which is part of the executive branch. That means on Jan. 20 Trump is effectively both landlord and tenant. A provision in the contract says it can’t benefit an elected official, though some experts question whether it applies to Trump since he was already on the lease before becoming president). The GSA told House Democrats it’s reached out to the transition about resolving this conflict but received no response. The Washington hotel, which has already become a favored venue for foreign diplomats, and Trump’s overseas assets are especially problematic because the Constitution’s Emoluments Clause prohibits the president from receiving payments from foreign governments. Democrats have warned that violations of the arcane provision could even lead to Trump’s impeachment. Buildings bearing Trump’s name in risky regions could also pose a national security threat. The Trump Organization should bear the cost of additional security but in practical terms will need help from the U.S. or local governments. “I do not like the name Trump on buildings all over the world — it’s a national security issue,” Painter said. For properties Trump doesn’t own but that pay him to use his name, he could renegotiate the licensing agreements as flat fees regardless of how the projects fare. That would remove any upside for Trump if he took actions that benefited those properties, said Matthew Sanderson, a political law expert at the firm Caplin & Drysdale. Presidential Transition Obama and Clinton loyalists grapple with Trump recession By Sarah Wheaton Garten, the Trump Organization lawyer, told POLITICO that the company would be sticking to the licensing deals cut before Trump took office. “We have agreements in place and we have to abide by the agreements,” he said. 9. Going clear Part of the widespread concern about Trump’s business holdings is how sprawling and opaque they are. Whatever else he decides to do, he could help allay some suspicions by agreeing to more public disclosures. Peter Schweizer, the conservative author who attacked Hillary Clinton’s possible conflicts of interest because of her family’s foundation in the book “Clinton Cash,” told the Washington Post Trump should volunteer to make detailed quarterly disclosures about his family’s holdings and transactions. An embrace of transparency, however, would mark a significant shift from Trump’s presidential campaign, in which he broke precedent by refusing to release his tax returns. 10. Do nothing While Trump has repeatedly promised to do something about his conflicts of interest, he has just as often emphasized that he isn’t legally required to do anything. "The law's totally on my side, the president can't have a conflict of interest,” Trump told the New York Times. Trump could do nothing or announce cosmetic measures with little to no actual effect, such as suggestions of continuing to own his businesses while letting his children run them. Incoming Trump White House counsel, Don McGahn, “is a master at finding these kind of technical arguments on stuff,” said Meredith McGehee, chief of policy, programs and strategy at campaign finance reform group Issue One. “I would bet you dollars to donuts he’s going to try to come up with something and they’re going to try to put lipstick on a pig. He’s good at it.” Trump could even go so far as to ask the GOP-led Congress to bless his chosen course, as Gingrich recently suggested lawmakers could do. Katy O’Donnell and Josh Gerstein contributed reporting. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Authors: Isaac Arnsdorf iarnsdorf@politico.com @iarnsdorf Darren Samuelsohn dsamuelsohn@politico.com @dsamuelsohn This story tagged under: George W. Bush Kellyanne Conway Donald Trump Trump Organization President Donald Trump Donald Trump Presidency Show Comments Politico Magazine Obama’s Forgotten Plan to Reduce Abortions By Michael Wear How Betsy DeVos Used God and Amway to Take Over Michigan Politics By Zack Stanton Why Russia Loves the Idea of California Seceding By Casey Michel Pravda on the Checkout Line By Jack Shafer More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Inauguration 2017 Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Personal Finance January 9, 2017 3:00 AM Susan Tompor: Chase to reduce bonus points offered with popular Sapphire Reserve card By SUSAN TOMPOR Detroit Free Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Ever imagine that folks would be rushing to sign up for a credit card with a $450 annual fee? Well, they have been - but won't be able to for much longer. In August, when Chase rolled out its Chase Sapphire Reserve credit card, it paired the card with an extraordinary incentive: 100,000 bonus rewards points for spending $4,000 on purchases within three months of opening the account. Chase said the rewards could add up to as much as $1,500 applicable toward travel if redeemed through Chase Ultimate Rewards. But the company noted on its website last week that the 100,000-point incentive will soon be gone and will be replaced with a 50,000-point perk. Customers applying for the card online will need to do so by Wednesday in order to get the 100,000-point bonus. It will, however, still be available through March 11 to those applying at bank branches, the company said. The points do not expire as long as an account is open. There's no doubt the card has stood out in a crowded landscape. Buzz has been big, and the card went viral before Chase did any marketing. At one point, Chase ran out of the card's metal stock and sent out temporary plastic cards until more of the handcrafted, embossed metal cards were available. In December, JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon told investors the card had been doing great and Chase would have to account for the cost. Dimon said then that the Sapphire Reserve card would reduce the bank's profit by $200 million to $300 million in the fourth quarter. So, is Chase reducing the bonus because the card was too successful? Are we likely to see far smaller bonuses in the future? Not necessarily, according to some credit card experts. "The reduction in the Chase Sapphire Reserve introductory bonus was inevitable. The 100,000-point sign-up bonus was only a temporary offer," said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com. If you're shopping for a credit card, always consider how you'd use the points, how much you typically spend and what kind of points you'd build over time. One resource: The Points Guy, a websites that lists some of the bonus rewards being offered and features tips on how best to use travel-related cards. The Points Guy site is owned by Bankrate.com. Remember, if you don't pay the card's balance off each month, pay attention to the interest rate being charged. Chase says on its website the Sapphire Reserve card's rate ranges from 16.24 percent to 23.24 percent, based on credit worthiness. And remember, these rates would go up should the prime rate climb, which is expected. Are these Sapphire Reserve cards worthwhile? Well, if you're trying to put a lid on spending right after the holidays, this card might present too many temptations. And read the fine print. You won't earn the 100,000 rewards points with a balance transfer or cash advance. And you'd pay another $75 a year in fees for each additional card for other users. Then again, this deal could work for some consumers who know for certain they'll spend $4,000 in the first three months of having it. "The bonus more than outweighs the annual fee," said Bill Hardekopf, CEO of LowCards.com. "If you wanted to, you could then cancel the card before you are hit with the second year annual fee of $450." McBride noted that the card may still be worth keeping for many consumers. The $450 fee is partially offset by a $300 annual travel credit applied to your account for travel purchases on your card. The Chase Sapphire Reserve card pays three times the points on travel and dining purchases, compared with double the points on those categories on the Chase Sapphire Preferred, a card with a $95 annual fee. On other purchases, you'd earn one point per dollar on both Reserve and Preferred. Chase notes that travel is defined relatively broadly for the triple-points rewards, including using the credit card to pay for tolls and taxis. Hardekopf said consumers often like to use bonus points and rewards on airline tickets or hotel rooms. But sometimes consumers are disappointed by a limited number of rooms or flights available under some rewards programs. Or they're only able to use those rewards for a certain hotel or airline. "What happens if the hotel down the street has a much better rate when you want to take your trip? Your rewards are not very rewarding at that time," he said. For that reason, some consumers prefer cash-back programs. And there are plenty of those too. Hardekopf points to the Citi Double Cash card, which pays 1 percent when you make the transaction and 1 percent when you pay Citi for the purchase. These rewards apply for all purchases, so you don't have to keep track of any specific categories. Another popular card: The Capital One Quicksilver card gives 1.5 percent back on all transactions, plus consumers receive a $100 bonus when they spend at least $500 during the first three months of being a cardholder. It's likely to be another good year to shop for rewards cards - even after the end of the 100,000-point deal at Chase. "The rewards program arms race will continue in 2017, with new cards and stepped-up introductory offers appearing throughout the year just as we've seen the past few years," McBride said. ABOUT THE WRITER Susan Tompor is the personal finance columnist for the Detroit Free Press. She can be reached at stompor@freepress.com. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Personal Finance Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:29 Flowers, tears for shooting victims Pause 1:38 The last of the circus elephants 0:16 WPLG makes historic announcement 1:01 Cubans stuck in Mexico cling to hope of entering U.S. 5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide 2:00 Dolphins coach Adam Gase talks about Vance Joseph leaving Fins 0:49 Donald Trump's thoughts on the 'wet foot, dry foot' policy 57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre 2:57 Whiteside talks about his 28-point, 20-rebound night 2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email an hour ago The last day of the circus in Miami 1:39 an hour ago The last day of the circus in Miami 0:16 12 hours ago WPLG makes historic announcement 1:33 20 hours ago Shawn Thornton's first goal since 2015 is a big one View more video Personal Finance It’s time to assess the mess Prosecutors: Financial adviser stole nearly $900,000 Bank branches in elementary schools teach financial lessons Review shows governor hit $1 billion in tax cuts since 2007 Gail MarksJarvis: How parents can survive the $233,610 cost of raising a child Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
January 15, 2017 | 79° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business| Business Calendar Business calendar Posted January 09, 2017 January 9, 2017 Updated January 9, 2017 12:05am COMING UP Today: Federal Reserve releases consumer credit data for November. China releases 2016 auto sales. Tuesday: Commerce Department releases wholesale trade inventories for November. Labor Department releases job openings and labor turnover survey for November. Thursday: Labor Department releases weekly jobless claims. Freddie Mac, the mortgage company, releases weekly mortgage rates. Treasury releases federal budget for December. Germany’s Federal Statistical Office releases preliminary growth figure for the country’s economy, Europe’s biggest, for 2016. Delta Air Lines Inc. reports quarterly financial results. Friday: Commerce Department releases retail sales data for December. Labor Department releases Producer Price Index for December. Commerce Department releases business inventories for November. Bank of America Corp. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. report quarterly financial results. Tuesday >> Maui Chamber of Commerce’s Annual Luncheon: Mark B. Dunkerley, president and CEO of Hawaiian Airlines and Hawaiian Holdings, will speak about company expansions. Registration: 11:15 a.m. Luncheon program: noon-1:30 p.m. Cost: $47 chamber members, $57 nonmembers. RSVP by calling Kailea at 244-0081. Wednesday >> “Cybersecurity: Protecting Information in the Age of the Internet of Things”: Andrew Lanning, co-founder of Integrated Security Technologies, will discuss ways of monitoring and reporting on organizational cybersecurity. 11:30 a.m.-1 p.m., Municipal Reference Center, second floor, 558 S. King St. Free; brown bag lunch. RSVP by today at rsvp@armahawaii.org. Thursday >> Exchange Club: Gary Fuller, professor emeritus in geography at the University of Hawaii, will speak on “Revolution and the Youth Bulge.” Noon-1:30 p.m. at Oahu Country Club. Cost: $25 cash, $26 credit card. Visit dexhon.com. Saturday >> Smart Home Open House: RevoluSun Smart Home showcases its energy-efficient product lines. 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at 7130 Kamilo St. Free. Call 748-8888 or visit revolusun.com. JAN. 19 >> Exchange Club: Bob Sigall, columnist for the Honolulu Star-Advertiser, will present old Hawaii photos under the title “Revelations You Were Not Aware Of.” Noon-1:30 p.m. at Oahu Country Club. Cost: $25 cash, $26 credit card. Visit dexhon.com. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Kamehameha closed as police investigate shooting in Kaneohe Duterte orders troops to blast militants and their hostages College aspirants face pressure to do ‘impossible’ UH rallies past Long Beach for OT win Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Sunday, January 15, 2017, 8:04 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / Private-jet makers expect soaring sales By THOMAS BLACK and FREDERIC TOMESCO BLOOMBERG NEWS This article was published January 9, 2017 at 2:00 a.m. PHOTO BY BLOOMBERG NEWS / MARK ELIAS Attendees inspect the interior cabin of the new Gulfstream Aerospace G500 during the NBAA Business Aviation Convention & Exhibition in Orlando, Fla. in November. Comments aAFont Size Ever since the U.S. presidential election, Ed Dahlberg has pretty much had a smile on his face. He brokers the sale of private jets, and already he's seeing interest pick up, and used-aircraft prices starting to firm up. The sale of a single-engine turboprop aircraft that he recently handled went for about 5 percent more than anticipated. "My phone is ringing off the hook" from people interested in buying used jets, said Dahlberg, president of Emerald Aviation in the Washington suburb of Manassas, Va. "Just the business climate feels like it's getting better." The era of Donald Trump, a man long associated with conspicuous consumption, figures to be good to a whole range of luxury-goods industries. But perhaps nowhere is that excitement greater than in the private-aircraft business. Not only is Trump, whose Boeing 757 became an iconic campaign image, seen as someone who'll be an advocate for the industry but he replaces a president who, industry officials assert, so often criticized private-air travel that he turned it into a taboo symbol of inequality and helped prolong an almost-decade-long sales slump. "You'll see more people not being gun shy or embarrassed or apologetic for operating a corporate jet," said Steve Varsano, founder of broker The Jet Business. Demand for private jets is far from the heady days of more than 1,000 deliveries in 2007 and 2008, before the recession hit. In 2016, manufacturers were set to ship 655 jets, according to a JPMorgan Chase & Co. estimate, lower than the 689 in 2014 and 2015, after an oil boom that had boosted sales among drillers went bust. Used jet prices have tumbled 12 percent since November 2015, the bank said. It's far too early to see any sales pickup, of course, and the industry buzz of a comeback is just that at the moment. But investors are encouraged. Shares of private jet manufacturers have soared on Trump's victory. Since Nov. 9, Textron gained 19 percent, General Dynamics rose 12 percent and Bombardier jumped 22 percent. Aircraft sales amount to about 30 percent of their revenue. "The Trump win looks positive for bizjet demand given the postelection stock surge, economic stimulus from an expected lower tax rate and less regulation, and shift away from Obama's anti-bizjet rhetoric," Cai Von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., wrote in a recent report. Alain Bellemare, chief executive officer of Canadian planemaker Bombardier, said in an interview that in Trump he sees "somebody understanding the value of business aircraft and what it creates." "Anybody who is pro-business, pro-growth, who will foster investment in infrastructure -- it's all good for our business," he said. "So I hear the tone now and I'm optimistic." Most of the manufacturing jobs to produce corporate jets are in North America, Bellemare said. That fits in with Trump's theme of keeping factory workers in the U.S. Bombardier and Textron's Cessna units make aircraft in Wichita, Kan. Gulfstream, the corporate jet unit of General Dynamics, has its factories in Savannah, Ga. Even Brazilian jet producer Embraer SA manufactures planes in Melbourne, Fla. Trade groups have long argued that private aircraft are business tools that help executives save time and make multi-city visits they otherwise couldn't with commercial flights. For security, some companies mandate their top officers fly on the corporate plane. That message was lost when auto executives flew to Washington in their private planes to request bailout money in November 2008, sparking a backlash as the economy careened into recession. A call from a Treasury Department official in 2009 persuaded Citigroup, which was getting U.S. government rescue funds, to drop plans to take delivery of a $50 million Falcon 7X aircraft manufactured by Dassault Aviation. In a 2011 press conference, Obama called out private jet owners six times to bash a tax break that allows corporate planes to be depreciated over five years instead of seven years for commercial airliners. The National Business Aviation Association sent the president a letter expressing "disappointment with the way you mischaracterized and disparaged business aviation." But that was then, as broker Dahlberg sees it. "I've noticed that while there's still a huge amount of inventory, people just don't keep dropping the price every week," he said. "You can really feel the floor in the market right now." SundayMonday Business on 01/09/2017 Print Headline: Private-jet makers expect soaring sales Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Woman trucker once one of the few in Arkansas Net providers push to repeal privacy rules Nature domes emerge at Amazon Blood-testing startups draw investors' intere... Private-jet makers expect soaring sales Google Wi-Fi booster bridges 30 feet that rou... Adobe leverages automated tools Fitness-tracker Fitbit works to get apps in s... Startups look to take worry out of wedding pl... More Business stories > Comments on: Private-jet makers expect soaring sales To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Trump tweets scoff at icon of civil rights (24 comments) Jennifer Holliday backs out of Trump inauguration performance (28 comments) Expectations for 2017 (17 comments) Women list many reasons for marching in D.C. (12 comments) Arkansas lawmaker files 'Second Amendment Appreciation Weekend' bill (29 comments) DANA D. KELLEY: Profiles in cowardice (33 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance InvenSense Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for InvenSense Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dillard’s, Inc. (DDS) Stake Decreased by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Isle of Capri Casinos, Inc. (ISLE) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. MSC Industrial Direct Company, Inc. (MSM) Shares Bought by Alambic Investment Management L.P. Capital One National Association Has $736,000 Position in Scholastic Corporation (SCHL) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Sells 800 Shares of Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Matson, Inc. (MATX) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (WBA) Position Cut by Savant Capital LLC Trex Company, Inc. (TREX) Position Held by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Invests $768,000 in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Invests $768,000 in Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Tech Data Corporation (TECD) Position Cut by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Shares Sold by John G Ullman & Associates Inc. Capital One National Association Has $838,000 Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) GWM Advisors LLC Acquires 6,799 Shares of Intel Corporation (INTC) Blue Fin Capital Inc. Decreases Position in J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 52,823 Shares of Innospec Inc. (IOSP) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $1,064,000 Position in Juno Therapeutics, Inc. (JUNO) Intrexon Corporation (XON) Shares Bought by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $1,381,000 Position in FTI Consulting, Inc. (FCN) CYS Investments, Inc. (CYS) Position Maintained by Chicago Equity Partners LLC InvenSense, Inc. (INVN) Upgraded to Hold by TheStreet January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet InvenSense, Inc. (NYSE:INVN) was upgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report released on Thursday. A number of other research analysts have also weighed in on INVN. Pacific Crest reissued a “buy” rating and set a $9.00 price target on shares of InvenSense in a research report on Friday, November 4th. Benchmark Co. set a $8.00 price target on shares of InvenSense and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Sunday, November 6th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of InvenSense from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 9th. Loop Capital began coverage on shares of InvenSense in a research report on Monday, December 5th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $10.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Summit Redstone reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $12.00 price objective on shares of InvenSense in a research report on Thursday, December 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. InvenSense has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $10.22. InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) opened at 12.80 on Thursday. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $10.21 and its 200-day moving average is $7.85. InvenSense has a 12 month low of $5.42 and a 12 month high of $12.92. The firm’s market cap is $1.20 billion. InvenSense (NYSE:INVN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.02 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.03 by $0.01. InvenSense had a negative net margin of 15.81% and a negative return on equity of 5.35%. The firm had revenue of $79.80 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $79.67 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.16 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 29.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that InvenSense will post ($0.03) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/invensense-inc-invn-upgraded-to-hold-by-thestreet.html. In other news, VP Daniel Goehl sold 3,750 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.88, for a total value of $29,550.00. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now directly owns 24,138 shares in the company, valued at approximately $190,207.44. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. 14.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of InvenSense by 81.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,760,768 shares of the company’s stock worth $20,485,000 after buying an additional 1,240,173 shares during the last quarter. GAM Holding AG raised its stake in InvenSense by 7.7% in the third quarter. GAM Holding AG now owns 425,969 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,156,000 after buying an additional 30,300 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its stake in InvenSense by 46.0% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 782,668 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,797,000 after buying an additional 246,723 shares in the last quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. raised its stake in InvenSense by 5.9% in the second quarter. Thompson Investment Management Inc. now owns 23,475 shares of the company’s stock worth $144,000 after buying an additional 1,300 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Artemis Investment Management LLP purchased a new stake in InvenSense during the second quarter worth approximately $3,303,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 44.03% of the company’s stock. About InvenSense InvenSense, Inc (InvenSense) is engaged in designing, developing, marketing and selling of sensor system-on-chip (SoC), including accelerometers, gyroscopes and microphones for the mobile, wearable, smart home, gaming, industrial and automotive market segments. The Company delivers solutions based on its motion and sound technology; focused on solutions, such as smartphones, tablets, wearables, console and portable video gaming devices, digital television and set-top box remote controls, fitness accessories, sports equipment, digital still cameras, automobiles, ultra-books, laptops, hearing aids, stabilization systems, tools, navigation devices, remote controlled toys and other household consumer and industrial devices. Receive News & Ratings for InvenSense Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for InvenSense Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19201.40 -0.45%   Hang Seng ▲ 22937.38 0.47%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.44 0.13%   Yen ▲ 114.33 -0.15%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In ‘Real Rates’ Show Real Concerns Over Trump Economic Rebound Big Banks’ Results Show Strength Despite Plunging Peso, Wildcatters Try Making Money on Oil in Mexico Heard on the Street Wells Fargo Is the Loser in the New Era for Banking Tax Report Where Taxpayers Won Against the IRS How to Trade a Donald Trump Tweet Lawyers in Billy Walters Case Seek Dismissal Moody’s Agrees to Settle Financial Crisis-Era Claims for $864 Million EU, U.S. Reach Trans-Atlantic Agreement Over Insurance Rules Merrill Lynch Gains Brokers—at a Price Fiduciary Rule Guidance Unveiled as Implementation Deadline Looms Deutsche Bank Bans Certain Text-Messaging Programs for Business Use Buffett Sets Aside Trump Antipathy for ‘Celebrity Apprentice’ Cameo Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Markets Indonesia Plans New Rules for Market Reports After J.P. Morgan Downgrade Finance officials say they will look at stricter rules for banks that act as primary dealers for government bonds By I Made Sentana and Ben Otto in Jakarta, Indonesia and Ben Otto The Wall Street Journal BiographyBen Otto @BenOttoWSJ ben.otto@wsj.com Rachel Rosenthal in Hong Kong Rachel Rosenthal The Wall Street Journal BiographyRachel Rosenthal @rosenthalrc rachel.rosenthal@wsj.com Updated Jan. 9, 2017 10:09 a.m. ET JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesia is planning stricter rules for market reports written by banks acting as primary dealers for government bonds, days after severing ties with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. over what officials here said was a faulty equities downgrade. Talk of such a move is highlighting the potential conflicts banks face in Southeast Asia’s largest economy as they try to provide unbiased research to investors and banking... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us The Best and Worst Airlines Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us The Best and Worst Airlines Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Penta Asia UBS Cancer Fund Shows Power of Impact Investing A new oncology fund will finance academic research and access to cancer care in developing countries. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Abby Schultz Biography April 29, 2016 Test tubes used during a an experiment sit in a receptacle in a laboratory. Photographer: Valentin Flauraud/Bloomberg UBS Wealth Management is proving investors in Asia will warm to funding projects with social and environmental benefits if the potential returns deliver. Earlier this week UBS closed the $471 million UBS Oncology Impact Fund, a vehicle aimed at accelerating cancer cures by investing in companies involved in early stage oncology treatments. The “impact” part -- grants for academic cancer therapy research and access to cancer care in developing countries -- is funded by 20% of the manager’s performance fee and 1% of royalties on drugs that come to market. This global initiative -- expected to earn an internal rate-of-return of 15% to 20% -- is notable for its nearly half-billion-dollar size in the arena of impact investing and for the fact at least 60% of the fund’s assets reportedly are from investors in Asia. The fund manager is MPM Capital, a U.S. venture investing firm that has nurtured successes like Pharmasett (later bought by Gilead Sciences), which developed Solvadi, a blockbuster hepatitis C drug. “This notion that impact investing doesn’t work in Asia, I think is completely debunked,” says Simon Smiles, chief investment officer for UBS Wealth Management’s ultra-high-net-worth practice. “If you have a really good investment opportunity that has a strong positive social impact, it clearly resonates in Asia.” The private bank’s approach is a bit unusual for what has become known as impact investing, where dollars are deployed directly into investments that create social and environmental benefits. Yet, the emergence of impact funds is relatively new, still evolving and to many, “impact is in the eye of the investor,” says Jessica Matthews, head of Cambridge Associates’s global mission-related investing practice. The $108 million Global Health Investment Fund, developed by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and JPMorgan Chase in 2013 fits a more conventional description. This social impact fund finances late-stage approaches to diseases like malaria or infant mortality that affect low and middle-income countries, the fund says. The UBS Oncology Impact Fund takes a different tack by investing in early stage biotechnology companies focused on curing cancer. Half the combined proceeds from the performance fee and drug royalties will go to grants for academic research into cancer therapies that are short on funding, an increasing issue in the U.S. where federal funding is shrinking. The other half will go to the UBS Optimus Foundation, which will provide access to cancer treatment in developing countries. The future royalties are likely to contribute the most to the impact elements of the fund. “Those projects will take several years before they get approved and reach patients, but those numbers could in the end be very large,” says Ansbert Gadicke, MPM Capital’s co-founder. Offering foot in the door of a venture capital fund The idea for the oncology fund came about as a way to give UBS private clients access to MPM Capital’s early stage investments, as they typically don’t have that access, says Christiana Bardon, managing director at MPM Capital. The oncology fund, which completed its first round of financing in January, is getting this access by co-investing in private and public companies alongside MPM Capital’s $400 million BioVentures 2014 fund. Together the funds already have invested in TCR² Therapeutics, which is focused on engineering t-cells for cancer therapy, and Oncorus, which MPM Capital says is developing a “next-generation immunotherapy platform to treat cancer.” “The future of cancer therapy is we will actually cure a portion of patients and that’s really the goal we are shooting for,” Bardon says. These therapies will lead to “dramatic improvements in the outcomes of patient lives.” James Purcell, head of UBS’s ultra-high net worth cross-asset strategy, argues the value of impact investing has been lost in efforts to define it, and on financing smaller projects, while a larger, mainstream effort allows for wider social and environmental benefits. “Hopefully it can be catalytic not only at an industry level, but at a client allocation level as well,” he says. The oncology strategy may be extra-appealing in Asia now as cancer becomes more of a tangible concern, Purcell says. More people in China, in particular, are at an age where cancer is becoming prevalent, and improved medical services in the country has led to more cancer identification. Cambridge Associates, which along with GIIN began publishing an impact investing benchmark last June, says there’s rising interest in impact investing from Asian investors. UBS plans to continue offering impact investments. Future funds could be in the area of affordable health-care in emerging markets or in meeting the world’s rising demand for protein by using less water-and-energy intensive alternatives than meat and poultry. Any project they come up with needs to succeed, to keep investors interested in the sector, though. “If we have something that disappoints we run the risk of losing the entire momentum behind this,” Smiles says. “It’s about finding great partners, a sensible structure, and something that makes sense to our clients.” Comments? E-mail us at abby.schultz@barrons.com Comments? E-mail us at asia.editors@barrons.com Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Penta Asia 1. Why Private Bank LGT Is Bullish on Japan Stocks 2. Gucci Is the Handbag of Choice for China’s Rich 3. Chinese Art Attracts New Buyers in Southeast Asia 4. Impact Investing Awaits Rise of Asia’s Young Rich 5. Bionic Advisors: The New, New Thing for Asia’s Rich? Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Stocks Could Post Single-Digit Gains in 2017 Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our 2016 Stock Picks Beat the Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Dividend-Hike Heroes Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. At Last, Hope Triumphs Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Felix Zulauf: Geopolitical Tension Impacts Markets 2 Bill Priest: Stocks With Solid Earnings Potential 3 How to Get Free Travel With New Credit Cards Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Opinion India Cities Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Menu Home Opinion India Cities + Mumbai Indore Bhopal Ujjain World Business + PR Corporate Corner Events Corner Product Launches Wire News Business Wire India PR Newswire Press Release Entertainment + Movie Reviews Movie Trailers Sports + Rio Olympics Cricket Football Features + Interviews Personal Finance Education Lifestyle Book Reviews Weekend Peace of Mind Whats’s Up Food Travel Blogs Epaper FPJ Initiatives + FPJ & IMC FORUM TEDx Gateway The FPJ Management Scholarship FPJ Management Scholarship Awards FPJ Anniversary R.E.T.A.I.L Uber Retailer Uber Stories Uber Review Uber Spotlight Uber Guide Trending Now #Demonetisation #Trends2016 #RahulGandhi Home / Indore / Indore: Follow France to popularise organ donation Indore: Follow France to popularise organ donation — By Tarun Tiwari | Jan 09, 2017 08:36 am FOLLOW US: Indore: For saving lives of many, the government of France has made their residents by default organ donors and has given them a choice to opt out of the law. Indoreans welcomed the decision and said it would also help them in saving thousands of lives. They believed that the decision would eliminate deficiency of vital organs and motivate people to participate in the noble cause. Secretary of Indore Organ Donation Society Dr Sanjay Dixit lauded the decision and said “it will save precious lives.” “It is not only a brave decision but also finest one as people will by default become organ donors. In other countries including India, only few people opt for organ donation even when it is of no use after death,” Dr Dixit said. Indore has also created history by preparing 13 ‘Green Corridors’ for speedy transportation of organs to various cities. Organ donation has witnessed rise in the city in last couple of years and people are now opting for cadaver donation as well. “About five years ago, we did not have bodies for medical research but now we have excess bodies and we are now donating them to other medical colleges as well,” Dr Dixit said. Rishi Dixit, a software engineer in JP Morgan Chase, said, “It is a great decision by the France government and it sets an example for others to opt the same for saving thousands of lives.” Similarly, Anjali Tiwari, a social activist, said that she has seen many people struggling due to damaged organs or by congenital disorders. “Such decision will eliminate the scarcity of organs in the society and will also force the government to improve facilities in hospitals,” she said. However, activist of NGO Muskan Group Naresh Fundwani said, “Such decisions are next to impossible to implement in our country as people have different religious beliefs. Spreading awareness by political as well as religious leaders is important and then only it could be implemented.” Statistics of Indore in Organ Donation Organs given to other states Heart     Delhi      5 Liver      Delhi      11 Heart     Maharashtra      2 Organ Transplanted Data From Jan 2012 till Date Skin        151 Cornea 1138 Kidney  119 Heart     0 Lungs    0 Liver      0 Pancreas              0 Total Transplants              1408 Total Donors & Recipients Whole Body       627 Potential Donors              10679 Actual Donors    1543 Actual Recipients             298 Prospective Recipients  303 Total Donors & Recipients            13450 Data as per organdonationindore.org   What They Say “It is a great decision by France and such should be implemented in other countries too. We are getting only 0.01% of organs out of total requirement. This will boost awareness and will help in saving lives as well.” Dr Sanjay Dixit, Secretary, Indore Organ Donation Society “Our leaders too should take such bold decision to save many lives. Thousands of people succumb to their diseases or injuries due to lack of vital organs. However, this will require huge infrastructure development in our country.” Jitu Bagani, Muskan Group “Religious beliefs are major hurdles in our country. People in France are far more advanced than us and what we need first is awareness among people.” Naresh Fundwani, Muskan Group “I was surprised by reading the news that everyone in France has become by default a organ donor. It is a good decision and should be taken by other countries as well.” Sachin Choksey, Businessman “I don’t think that we are ready for such decisions yet as it will increase the chances of scandals in our country.” Rituraj Dixit, Businessman “Such decisions will save thousands of lives as people will get vital organs on time. Many people lost their life due to scarcity of organs.” Mandeep Kaur Bhatia, Social Activist Share this Post: « Previous Article BJP must redeem promiseof electoral reforms Next Article » China’s shielding of Masood a shame Tagged with: by default France government of France organ donors residents saving lives JUST ARRIVED Indore: Army Day celebrated at Infantry School Mhow Note ban impact: ATM makers get a big boost with new orders BJP moves EC over SP’s phone scheme Indore: Pithampur declared free from open defecation BSP alone can defeat BJP in UP polls, claims Mayawati EDITOR’S PICK Industrial data belie claims of slowdown In what is being seen as a negation of what economic theoreticians have been predicting, India’s industrial production rose by… General right in ‘shun social media’ call It has been taboo for practices and complaints pertaining to the armed forces to be commented upon on social platforms… Time to put an end to profits from pollution Residents of almost every large city are losing their health due to the failure of the government in controlling air… Modernisation ahead; tread slowly The policeman who looks the other way when a girl is molested or the politician who blames the girl for… Thaw in anti-Congressism? Courtesy Narendra Modi WHILE the Congress has been the BJP’s primary target, the saffron party has since widened the ambit and escalated the… Home About Us Authors Careers Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise with us Archive RSS © Copyright Indian National Press (Bombay) Private Limited 2016. All Rights Reserved.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Trump's pick to head the SEC has a history of defending big banks Bob Bryan Jan. 4, 2017, 11:05 AM 4,311 facebook linkedin twitter email print Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images President-elect Donald Trump will nominate Jay Clayton, a Wall Street lawyer, to head the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to transition sources. Clayton, a partner at Sullivan and Cromwell, has represented numerous Wall Street giants and has even defended financial institutions against regulators. According to Clayton's biography on Sullivan and Cromwell's website, he represented multiple banks during the financial crisis including Barclays during its purchase of Lehman Brothers, Bear Stearns in its sale of itself to JPMorgan, and Goldman Sachs during its investment from Warren Buffett and the US TARP program. Clayton has also represented large financial institutions — as his website puts it — against government agencies such as the Department of Justice, the Federal Housing Finance Agency, and even the SEC. The various cases include: "A large financial institution in connection with the settlement of mortgage related claims with the DOJ, HUD and FHFA." "A hedge fund in connection with a regulatory review of various credit market transactions." "A large financial institution in connection with a regulatory review of transactions in government securities." Clayton also has experience in capital markets, advising on the initial public offerings of Alibaba, Ally Financial, Oaktree Capital Group, and Och-Ziff. "Jay Clayton is a highly talented expert on many aspects of financial and regulatory law, and he will ensure our financial institutions can thrive and create jobs while playing by the rules at the same time," Trump said in a statement from the transition. "We need to undo many regulations which have stifled investment in American businesses, and restore oversight of the financial industry in a way that does not harm American workers." While Clayton, who also was quoted, did not mention rolling back regulation specifically, he emphasized encouraging investment from businesses. "If confirmed, we are going to work together with key stakeholders in the financial system to make sure we provide investors and our companies with the confidence to invest together in America," Clayton said in the statement. "We will carefully monitor our financial sector, as we set policy that encourages American companies to do what they do best: create jobs." Want to get ahead on Wall Street? Here's everything you need to know to land your dream job NOW WATCH: Watch President Obama tear up while addressing Michelle in his farewell speech Loading video... More: Securities and Exchange Commission Donald Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Trump's pick to head the SEC has a history of defending big banks Trump's pick to head the SEC has a history of defending big banks President-elect Donald Trump will nominate Jay... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Jan. 4, 2017, 12:53 PM 871 facebook linkedin twitter email print Donald Trump. AP Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. President-elect Donald Trump will nominate Jay Clayton, a Wall Street lawyer, to head the Securities and Exchange Commission, according to transition sources. Clayton, a partner at Sullivan and Cromwell, has represented numerous Wall Street giants and has a history of defending financial institutions against regulators. "We need to undo many regulations which have stifled investment in American businesses, and restore oversight of the financial industry in a way that does not harm American workers," Trump said in a statement from the transition. Elsewhere in Wall Street news, we now know how the top banks stack up in dealmaking, and it isn't even close. A big deal in the options trading business just went down. And big banks are gearing up to fight the Volcker rule. Forbes' latest 30 Under 30 finance list just dropped, and hedge fund guys dominated. Four young Goldman Sachs employees also made the cut. Blackstone's Byron Wien unveiled his big surprises for 2017. And Eurasia Group set out the 10 biggest risks the world faces in 2017. In markets news, the Canadian dollar is climbing, and the price of bitcoin is surging.  In auto news, Ford's CEO explained the real reason the company is killing its plan to build a Mexico factory — and it’s not just because of Donald Trump. Tesla missed on deliveries for 2016. And Faraday Future unveiled its first electric car for production — which the company says has a range of more than 300 miles per charge. Unfortunately, the car appeared to malfunction during its big debut. Lastly, here are the 12 things every guy should keep in his gym bag. Here are the top Wall Street headlines from the past week JPMorgan Chase is about to slash the 100,000-point sign-up bonus for the most ballyhooed credit card of 2016 — Last summer, JPMorgan Chase revealed its newest rewards card, the Chase Sapphire Reserve, complete with a $450 annual fee and a bevy of benefits, including an unheard of 100,000-point sign-up bonus worth about $1,500 in travel credit. Customers developed a new habit during the recession — it's killing Applebee's and Buffalo Wild Wings. Casual-dining chains like Buffalo Wild Wings, Applebee's, and Ruby Tuesday are expected to have a difficult 2017. UBS: The Trump rally has its risks, but now is not the time to be a contrarian — What a ride it’s been for US stocks since the US presidential election. Trump's secretary of state appointee agrees to cut all ties with Exxon Mobil— Exxon Mobil and Rex Tillerson agreed to sever all ties to comply with conflict-of-interest requirements as the company's former chairman and chief executive awaits confirmation as US secretary of state. Amazon is launching its own athleisure brand— Amazon is jumping on the athleisure trend with its own in-house brand of athletic apparel.  Here are the fastest growing and shrinking states in the US —Utah is growing quickly, while West Virginia is losing people. Here's when the major central banks will deliver their monetary policy decisions in 2017 — While it may be the start of a new year, one constant theme for markets remains the same — the importance of central banks when it comes to movements in financial markets, particularly the US Federal Reserve. SEE ALSO: North America is going to get a new billionaire every 6 days Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Welcome to Finance Insider, Business Insider's... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball great Ray Allen: ’Do you want to fit in, or do you want to embark on the lonely pursuit of greatness?' Read Allen's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Morgan Stanley, UBS said to plan boosting China ventures stakes The logo of Morgan Stanley is seen at an office building in Zurich, Switzerland, on Sept 22, 2016.PHOTO: REUTERS PublishedJan 9, 2017, 9:24 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4P9G Copy BEIJING (BLOOMBERG) - Morgan Stanley and UBS Group are in talks with local partners to boost holdings in their China securities businesses, a sign of growing confidence in those operations, according to people familiar with the matter. The banks are engaged in separate discussions on raising their stakes to 49 per cent, the maximum allowed under current regulations, the people said, asking not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. UBS currently owns about 25 per cent of its China securities firm, which has a license to trade domestic shares. Morgan Stanley holds 33 per cent of its venture, which mostly provides investment-banking services and research. Foreign firms have been allowed to own up to 49 per cent of the joint ventures since 2012, when China raised the cap from 33 per cent, and an increase in profits generated in China in recent years encouraged both companies to move forward with their plans, the people said. Not all overseas banks have taken that opportunity, deterred by losses or a desire for more control. JPMorgan Chase, for example, decided to withdraw from its joint venture by selling a 33 per cent stake to partner China First Capital Securities Co. for 307 million yuan (S$63.2 million). The New York-based firm hopes to find a new partner for a venture in which it can wield greater control, people familiar with the matter said in October. The Wall Street Journal reported on UBS and Morgan Stanley's plans earlier Sunday. Spokesmen for both banks declined to comment. UBS has been in talks with multiple shareholders since last year about buying their stakes through the exercise of call options held by the Zurich-based bank, one person said. While the firm has informed China's securities regulator of its intention to boost its holding to as much as 49 per cent, an application won't be submitted until a new shareholder agreement is signed, the person said. Net profit at UBS Securities, the local joint venture, more than doubled to 296 million yuan in 2015, according to the latest public data available from Securities Association of China. In the same year, Morgan Stanley reversed years of losses at Morgan Stanley Huaxin Securities, turning a profit of 30 million yuan. Since UBS and Goldman Sachs Group established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, they've struggled to take business from the dominant local players. China stepped up opening its capital markets after it was admitted to the World Trade Organization in December 2001. The government also encouraged local brokerages to find overseas partners to help strengthen an industry riddled with corruption scandals, mismanagement and losses. Topics:  BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS CHINA More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4P9G Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content imda_a1-25298_2017jan06_300x200_st_native_ad.jpg Personal data protection: An intrinsic priority of DBS bank st_native_300x200.jpg Meet Audi's A Team at Singapore Motorshow arrival-300x200.jpg Arrival: Finally, an alien movie we can believe in ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping Lowest price in SG! Only for FIRST 20 customers! Use $6 seller coupon and save on SK-II! Limited time only! Happiness comes in 3's! New Moon for your loved ones this CNY! Sign up now and win these at $1!! Exclusively on Qoo10! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Johannes Eisele/AFP via Getty Images Morgan Stanley, UBS Plan to Boost China Ventures Stakes: Sources by Cathy Chan @chan_cat More stories by Cathy Chan January 8, 2017, 12:34 PM EST January 8, 2017, 8:27 PM EST Banks plan to boost holdings to regulatory threshold of 49% UBS in talks with shareholders about exercising call options Morgan Stanley and UBS Group AG are in talks with local partners to boost holdings in their China securities businesses, a sign of growing confidence in those operations, according to people familiar with the matter. The banks are engaged in separate discussions on raising their stakes to 49 percent, the maximum allowed under current regulations, the people said, asking not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. UBS currently owns about 25 percent of its China securities firm, which has a license to trade domestic shares. Morgan Stanley holds 33 percent of its venture, which mostly provides investment-banking services and research. For UBS, “talks are still underway, we can’t tell you much more than that,” Chairman Axel Weber said in a Bloomberg Television interview on Monday from Shanghai. “We have a strong interest in increasing our footprint and our presence in China. We want to build a long-run, steady presence in China.” Foreign firms have been allowed to own up to 49 percent of the joint ventures since 2012, when China raised the cap from 33 percent, and an increase in profits generated in China in recent years encouraged both companies to move forward with their plans, the people said. Not all overseas banks have taken that opportunity, deterred by losses or a desire for more control. JPMorgan Chase & Co., for example, decided to withdraw from its joint venture by selling a 33 percent stake to partner China First Capital Securities Co. for 307 million yuan ($44 million). The New York-based firm hopes to find a new partner for a venture in which it can wield greater control, people familiar with the matter said in October. The Wall Street Journal reported on UBS and Morgan Stanley’s plans on Sunday. Spokesmen for both banks declined to comment. Call Options UBS has been in talks with multiple shareholders since last year about buying their stakes through the exercise of call options held by the Zurich-based bank, one person said. While the firm has informed China’s securities regulator of its intention to boost its holding to as much as 49 percent, an application won’t be submitted until a new shareholder agreement is signed, the person said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Net profit at UBS Securities Co., the local joint venture, more than doubled to 296 million yuan in 2015, according to the latest public data available from Securities Association of China. In the same year, Morgan Stanley reversed years of losses at Morgan Stanley Huaxin Securities Co., turning a profit of 30 million yuan. Since UBS and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. established Chinese joint ventures more than a decade ago, they’ve struggled to take business from the dominant local players. China stepped up opening its capital markets after it was admitted to the World Trade Organization in December 2001. The government also encouraged local brokerages to find overseas partners to help strengthen an industry riddled with corruption scandals, mismanagement and losses. The nation’s Ministry of Finance reiterated in November it’s committed to letting overseas banks own bigger stakes in securities and fund-management joint ventures, and the 49 percent ownership limit will gradually be raised, it said, without specifying when or by how much. Foreign investors’ participation can boost the industry’s competitiveness and global influence, the ministry said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Business Markets Money Real Estate Legal  • Corporate News •  One News Page > Press Releases > JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price Wednesday, 4 January 2017 (2 weeks ago) NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) has made an announcement regarding an adjustment to the Exercise Price for the outstanding warrants to purchase common stock of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM/WS). Information can be found on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Recent related news JPMorgan Chase and CCSSO Announce $20 Million to Improve Career Education for Young People in 10 U.S. StatesWASHINGTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The Council of Chief State School Officers (CCSSO) and JPMorgan Chase & Co. today announced $20 million in grants to 10 U.S. states... Business Wire 5 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •FinanzNachrichten.de •CBS News •SeattlePI.com JPMorgan Chase Declares Preferred Stock DividendNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) declared a dividend on the outstanding shares of each of the... Business Wire 2 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •FinanzNachrichten.de •RTTNews •CBS News •SeattlePI.com JPMorgan Chase Reports Fourth-Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Financial ResultsNEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co. has released its fourth-quarter and full-year 2016 financial results. Results can be found at the Firm’s... Business Wire 3 days ago - Press ReleasesAlso reported by •FinanzNachrichten.de •RTTNews •SeattlePI.com Ohio reels in $2M grant from JPMorgan Chase's New Skills for Youth initiativeOhio is one of 10 states landing new grants from a JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiative to fuel the work force of the future. The $2 million comes from the second... bizjournals 4 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •SeattlePI.com Tampa man pleads guilty in case linked to Chase data breachA Tampa man who prosecutors say operated an unlawful bitcoin exchange has pleaded guilty in a multimillion-dollar money laundering and fraud scheme. Anthony... bizjournals 6 days ago - Business Akers Biosciences Announces Closing of Public OfferingTHOROFARE, NJ--(Marketwired - Jan 13, 2017) - Akers Biosciences, Inc. (NASDAQ: AKER) (AIM: AKR), (the "Company" or "Akers Bio"), a developer of rapid health... Marketwired 2 days ago - Press Releases Business HighlightsThe analysis being released Friday gives concrete details about a troubling generational divide that helps to explain much of the anxiety that defined the 2016... SeattlePI.com 2 days ago - Business NASCAR: Top-Five Drivers To Never Make The ChaseThe Chase has been NASCAR's playoff since the sport introduced it to the NASCAR world back in 2004. Since then there have been31 different drivers to make the... FOX Sports 2 days ago - Sports You Might Like Other recent news in Press Releases IDENTV Selected as Top 5 Artificial Intelligence Company in WASHINGTON D.C area In a New Video, Bill Kurtis Recommends the Book, UNITED We Stand, to Provide Answers to Provocative Questions for Americans on their Future China's entertainment tycoon Wang Jianlin showed his rock skills to match WANDA GROUP's business transformation to entertainment, tourism, and sports Renowned DALLAS Life Coach Johnny Wimbrey Returns to his Alma Mater, KD Conservatory College of Film and Dramatic Arts Twitter Primetech Management JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price JPMorgan Chase & Co. (“JPMorgan Chase”) has announc… https://t.co/T7bn25wEMS 5 days ago finzine $JPM JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price https://t.co/ZRcRFrZLQK 6 days ago Financial Buzz JPMorgan Chase Announces Adjustment to Warrant Exercise Price https://t.co/NvnguJnHhn 6 days ago ZH Marketing Inc. BRIEF-JPMorgan Chase announces adjustment to warrant exercise price https://t.co/lL7kylSJo5 6 days ago Stock Market News BRIEF-JPMorgan Chase announces adjustment to warrant exercise price https://t.co/bTICxhuaVS https://t.co/Kv3jfea0Nl 6 days ago Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama José Mourinho Angela Merkel Roddy Piper Current Topics Obamacare Refugee Policy Snuka Dead Brad Pitt Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Home Privacy About Contributors Contact   Headlines Markets M&A Analysts’ Updates Earnings Health & Biotech Technology OneMain Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Market News Axovant Sciences’ (AXON) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. (FIS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Splunk Inc. (SPLK) Receives Outperform Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Infinera Corporation (INFN) Given Neutral Rating at MKM Partners Twitter’s (TWTR) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Moffett Nathanson Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. KB Home’s (KBH) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. (MNRO) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings, Inc. Brokerages Set Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Price Target at $6.29 Insys Therapeutics, Inc. (INSY) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set eBay Inc. (EBAY) PT at $33.84 Finning International Inc. (FTT) Receives C$22.30 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set EPR Properties (EPR) Price Target at $83.67 Teekay Tankers Ltd. (TNK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Receives $29.56 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Analysts Set Yadkin Financial Corporation (YDKN) Price Target at $26.84 Trex Company, Inc. (TREX) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Celgene Corporation (CELG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Kite Realty Group Trust (KRG) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) PT at $74.89 OneMain Holdings, Inc. (OMF) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG January 8th, 2017 - By Doug Wharley - 0 comments Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Deutsche Bank AG restated their buy rating on shares of OneMain Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:OMF) in a research note issued to investors on Sunday. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on OMF. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of OneMain Holdings from a hold rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $35.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Wedbush began coverage on shares of OneMain Holdings in a research note on Monday, October 10th. They issued an outperform rating and a $45.00 target price on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co began coverage on shares of OneMain Holdings in a research note on Monday, September 12th. They issued an overweight rating and a $38.00 target price on the stock. Stephens began coverage on shares of OneMain Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, November 1st. They issued an equal weight rating and a $37.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Citigroup Inc. cut shares of OneMain Holdings from a buy rating to a neutral rating and lowered their target price for the company from $34.00 to $21.00 in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $29.28. Shares of OneMain Holdings (NYSE:OMF) traded up 0.81% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $23.55. The company had a trading volume of 642,189 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $21.84 and its 200-day moving average price is $26.38. The company’s market capitalization is $3.17 billion. OneMain Holdings has a 12 month low of $16.03 and a 12 month high of $37.00. OneMain Holdings (NYSE:OMF) last posted its earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.90 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.07 by $0.17. OneMain Holdings had a negative net margin of 0.44% and a positive return on equity of 19.47%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.36 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that OneMain Holdings will post $3.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “OneMain Holdings, Inc. (OMF) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG” was first posted by The Cerbat Gem and is the sole property of of The Cerbat Gem. If you are reading this report on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.thecerbatgem.com/2017/01/08/onemain-holdings-inc-omf-given-buy-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In related news, Director Anahaita N. Kotval bought 5,000 shares of OneMain Holdings stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $17.41 per share, for a total transaction of $87,050.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 18,797 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $327,255.77. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, EVP John Charles Anderson bought 20,000 shares of OneMain Holdings stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 10th. The shares were bought at an average price of $18.06 per share, for a total transaction of $361,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 1,192,917 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,544,081.02. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 57.81% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in OMF. Alliancebernstein L.P. raised its position in shares of OneMain Holdings by 45.9% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 7,252,736 shares of the company’s stock worth $165,507,000 after buying an additional 2,280,486 shares during the last quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. raised its position in shares of OneMain Holdings by 179.9% in the second quarter. Basswood Capital Management L.L.C. now owns 717,701 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,378,000 after buying an additional 461,296 shares during the last quarter. Key Colony Management LLC raised its position in shares of OneMain Holdings by 20.2% in the second quarter. Key Colony Management LLC now owns 1,320,170 shares of the company’s stock worth $30,126,000 after buying an additional 221,798 shares during the last quarter. Clinton Group Inc. bought a new position in shares of OneMain Holdings during the second quarter worth about $3,819,000. Finally, Marshall Wace LLP bought a new position in shares of OneMain Holdings during the second quarter worth about $3,632,000. Institutional investors own 98.10% of the company’s stock. About OneMain Holdings OneMain Holdings, Inc, formerly Springleaf Holdings, Inc, incorporated on August 5, 2013, is a financial services holding company. The Company provides responsible loan products; offers credit and non-credit insurance; pursues strategic acquisitions of loan portfolios, and pursues acquisitions of companies and/or establish joint ventures. Receive News & Stock Ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for OneMain Holdings Inc. and related stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   © The Cerbat Gem Investing News and Analysis 2012-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About Us | Our Contributors | Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 56 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Chase's 100,000 bonus points coming to a stop Ever imagine that anyone would rush out to sign up for a credit card with a $450 annual fee? Well, some big spenders could be writing that one on their to-do lists in the next week.  Post to Facebook Chase's 100,000 bonus points coming to a stop Ever imagine that anyone would rush out to sign up for a credit card with a $450 annual fee? Well, some big spenders could be writing that one on their to-do lists in the next week.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2i7g0Rg {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Chase's 100,000 bonus points coming to a stop Susan Tompor, Detroit Free Press 1:01 p.m. ET Jan. 8, 2017 Chase had put an extraordinary incentive on a new credit card, the Chase Sapphire Reserve. (Photo: JPMorgan Chase) Ever imagine that anyone would rush out to sign up for a credit card with a $450 annual fee? Well, some big spenders could be writing that one on their to-do lists in the next week. Chase had put an extraordinary incentive on a new credit card, the Chase Sapphire Reserve, which was rolled out in August. You get 100,000 in bonus rewards if you spend $4,000 on purchases in the first three months after opening the account. Chase said the rewards would add up to as much as $1,500 toward travel when you redeem through Chase Ultimate Rewards. But Chase noted on its website Tuesday that the 100,000 bonus points will come to an end soon, falling to 50,000 points instead. Did the Chase Sapphire Reserve stand out from a crowded card landscape? You betcha. The buzz was big and the card went viral before Chase did any other marketing. At one point, Chase ran out of the card’s metal stock and sent out temporary plastic cards until the handcrafted, embossed metal cards were available. In December, JPMorgan Chase & Co. CEO Jamie Dimon told investors that the card has been doing great and now Chase would have to account for the cost. Dimon said then that the Sapphire Reserve card would reduce the bank’s profit by $200 million to $300 million in the fourth quarter. Is Chase reducing the bonus because it was too successful? Are we likely to see far smaller bonuses in the future? Not necessarily, according to some credit card experts. USA TODAY Financial resolutions for the New Year: 17 for '17 "The reduction in the Chase Sapphire Reserve introductory bonus was inevitable. The 100,000 point sign-up bonus was only a temporary offer," said Greg McBride, chief financial analyst for Bankrate.com. Chase said online that consumers need to apply by Jan. 11 online to get the 100,000 bonus. See www.chase.com/creditcards. After that, you can sign up at a bank branch to get the bonus through March 11. And after that, the offer will decrease to 50,000 bonus points, worth up to $750 for travel if you sign up through the Chase Ultimate Rewards portal. The points do not expire as long as your account is open. If you're shopping for a credit card, always consider how you'd use the points, how much you typically spend and what kind of points you'd build over time. One resource: The Points Guy — at www.thepointsguy.com — lists some of the bonus rewards being offered, as well as tips on how best to use some travel-related cards. The Points Guy site is owned by Bankrate.com. Remember, if you don't pay the balance off each month, pay attention to the interest being charged on a credit card. The Chase Sapphire Reserve card states online that its rate will range from 16.24% to 23.24%, based on your credit worthiness. And remember, these rates would go up should the prime rate climb as expected. USA TODAY How to pay off your holiday debt in 30 days Are these Sapphire Reserve cards worthwhile?  Well, if you're trying to put a lid on spending right after the holidays, this card might be too great a temptation to spend even more early in 2017. And read the fine print. You would not earn that 100,000 in rewards points with a balance transfer or cash advance. And you'd pay another $75 a year in fees for each additional card for other users. Then again, this deal could work for some consumers who know for certain they'll spend $4,000 in the first three months. "The bonus more than outweighs the annual fee," said Bill Hardekopf, CEO of LowCards.com. "If you wanted to, you could then cancel the card before you are hit with the second year annual fee of $450." McBride noted that the card may still be worth keeping for many consumers. The $450 fee is partially offset by a $300 annual travel credit applied to your account for travel purchases on your card. The Chase Sapphire Reserve card pays three times the points on travel and dining purchases, compared with double the points on those categories on the Chase Sapphire Preferred, a card with a $95 annual fee. On other purchases, you'd earn one point per dollar on both Reserve and Preferred. Consumers often are tempted by rewards points when using credit cards -- especially if they pay the balance off each month.  (Photo: Susan Tompor) Chase notes that travel is defined relatively broadly for the triple-points rewards, including using the credit card to pay for tolls and taxis. Hardekopf said consumers often like to use bonus points and rewards on airline tickets or hotel rooms. But sometimes consumers are disappointed by a limited number of rooms or flights available under some rewards programs. Or they're only able to use those rewards for a certain hotel or airline. "What happens if the hotel down the street has a much better rate when you want to take your trip? Your rewards are not very rewarding at that time," he said. For that reason, some consumers prefer cash-back programs. And there are plenty of those too. Hardekopf points to the Citi Double Cash card, which pays 1% when you make the transaction and 1% when you pay Citi for the purchase. These rewards apply for all purchases, so you don't have to keep track of any specific categories. Another popular card: The Capital One Quicksilver card gives 1.5% back on all transactions, plus consumers receive a $100 bonus when they spend at least $500 during the first three months of being a cardholder. It's likely to be another good year to shop for rewards cards — even after the end of the 100,000-point deal at Chase. "The rewards program arms race will continue in 2017, with new cards and stepped-up introductory offers appearing throughout the year just as we've seen the past few years," McBride said. Contact Susan Tompor: stompor@freepress.com or 313-222-8876. Follow Susan on Twitter @Tompor.  56 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2i7g0Rg NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zogenix Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zogenix Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Given “Buy” Rating at Aegis January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Aegis reissued their buy rating on shares of Zogenix, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZGNX) in a research note released on Sunday. A number of other brokerages have also recently issued reports on ZGNX. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Zogenix from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Leerink Swann restated an outperform rating and set a $17.00 price objective on shares of Zogenix in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Finally, Brean Capital restated a buy rating and set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Zogenix in a report on Wednesday, September 21st. Zogenix (NASDAQ:ZGNX) opened at 12.80 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $12.57 and its 200-day moving average is $10.06. Zogenix has a 12-month low of $7.33 and a 12-month high of $13.70. The company’s market cap is $317.31 million. Zogenix (NASDAQ:ZGNX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported ($0.69) earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.96) by $0.27. The business earned $6.57 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $3.10 million. Zogenix had a negative net margin of 229.93% and a negative return on equity of 38.11%. Zogenix’s revenue for the quarter was down 28.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.65) earnings per share. Analysts predict that Zogenix will post ($2.71) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Given “Buy” Rating at Aegis” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/zogenix-inc-zgnx-given-buy-rating-at-aegis.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in ZGNX. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in Zogenix by 6.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 13,530 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 835 shares during the period. Panagora Asset Management Inc. bought a new position in Zogenix during the third quarter valued at $119,000. Alliancebernstein L.P. boosted its position in Zogenix by 17.0% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 16,512 shares of the company’s stock valued at $133,000 after buying an additional 2,400 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its position in Zogenix by 42.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 12,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 3,809 shares during the period. Finally, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. bought a new position in Zogenix during the third quarter valued at $169,000. Institutional investors own 83.21% of the company’s stock. Zogenix Company Profile Zogenix, Inc is a pharmaceutical company engaged in developing and commercializing central nervous system (CNS) therapies that address specific clinical needs for people living with orphan and other CNS disorders in requirement of treatment alternatives. The Company’s areas of focus are epilepsy and schizophrenia. Receive News & Ratings for Zogenix Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zogenix Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Home Business Science Health Technology About – Staff Contact Privacy Policy Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for Wright Medical Group Inc. Issued By Leerink Swann (WMGI) January 8, 2017 Robert V. Boyd Wright Medical Group Inc. (NASDAQ:WMGI) – Investment analysts at Leerink Swann reduced their Q4 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Wright Medical Group in a research note issued on Thursday. Leerink Swann analyst R. Newitter now anticipates that the firm will post earnings of $0.01 per share for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.05. Leerink Swann currently has a “Outperform” rating and a $25.00 target price on the stock. Leerink Swann also issued estimates for Wright Medical Group’s FY2018 earnings at $0.23 EPS. WMGI has been the topic of several other reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wright Medical Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, August 1st. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $33.00 price objective on shares of Wright Medical Group in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $29.00 price objective on shares of Wright Medical Group in a research report on Monday, August 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Wright Medical Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $21.00 to $26.00 in a research report on Wednesday, July 13th. Finally, Piper Jaffray Cos. raised shares of Wright Medical Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, July 13th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $25.46. Shares of Wright Medical Group (NASDAQ:WMGI) traded down 0.27% during trading on Monday, hitting $22.06. 136,548 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $23.42 and a 200-day moving average price of $21.48. Wright Medical Group has a one year low of $15.02 and a one year high of $25.50. The stock’s market cap is $2.27 billion. Wright Medical Group (NASDAQ:WMGI) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The medical device company reported ($0.19) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.20) by $0.01. Wright Medical Group had a negative net margin of 71.90% and a negative return on equity of 6.48%. The business earned $157.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $157.64 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.51) earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 96.3% on a year-over-year basis. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Teachers Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Wright Medical Group by 0.3% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors Inc. now owns 157,740 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $2,618,000 after buying an additional 435 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of Wright Medical Group by 123.0% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 6,052 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $100,000 after buying an additional 3,338 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in shares of Wright Medical Group by 22.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 61,676 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $1,024,000 after buying an additional 11,350 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Wright Medical Group by 0.5% in the first quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,213,603 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $36,746,000 after buying an additional 10,145 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Wright Medical Group by 1.7% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,519,407 shares of the medical device company’s stock worth $25,223,000 after buying an additional 25,001 shares during the last quarter. About Wright Medical Group Business Post navigation Forum Energy Technologies Inc. (FET) to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.02 Per Share, DA Davidson Forecasts HGI Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Related posts January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The Lumos Networks Corp. (LMOS) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lumos Networks Corp. (NASDAQ:LMOS) from a hold rating to a... January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (NASDAQ:LMRK) from a sell rating to... January 16, 2017 Robert V. Boyd 0 The ManTech International Corp. (MANT) Lowered by The Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of ManTech International Corp. (NASDAQ:MANT) from a buy rating to a... Leave a Comment Cancel reply Latest The Lumos Networks Corp. (LMOS) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research The Landmark Infrastructure Partners LP (LMRK) Upgrade at The Zacks Investment Research The ManTech International Corp. (MANT) Lowered by The Zacks Investment Research The MannKind Corp.’s (MNKD) “Underweight” Rating Reiterate at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The GoPro Inc. (GPRO) Earns Neutral Rating from Dougherty & Co The Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd. (GLMD) Rating Decreased to Hold at The Zacks Investment Research The Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) Rating Reiterate by National Securities The Forterra Inc (FRTA) Coverage Initiated at Citigroup Inc. The Aptose Biosciences Inc (APS) PT Decreased to C$16.00 The Citigroup Inc. Analysts Give Iberdrola SA (IBE) a €7.00 Price Target The Nord/LB Analysts Give RWE AG (RWE) a €16.00 Price Target The Nokia Corporation (NOKIA) Given a €5.50 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. The Fresnillo Plc (FNLPF) Earns “Equal Weight” Rating from Barclays PLC The FirstCash’s (FCFS) “Buy” Rating Reiterate at JMP Securities The 600 Shares of MasterCard Inc. (MA) are sold by Staley Capital Advisers Inc. The Eltek Ltd. (ELTK) Releases Earnings Results The Tygh Capital Management Inc. cuts position of Chuy’s Holdings Inc. (CHUY) The Tygh Capital Management Inc. Cuts Position in U.S. Silica Holdings Inc. (SLCA) The Tygh Capital Management Inc. invests in 40 by purchasing The Middleby Corp. (MIDD) shares The Tygh Capital Management Inc. Sold shares of DSP Group Inc. (DSPG) © DailyQuint.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DCP Midstream Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCP Midstream Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) DCP Midstream Partners, LP (DPM) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet DCP Midstream Partners, LP (NYSE:DPM) has been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the seventeen analysts that are presently covering the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eleven have issued a hold recommendation and four have assigned a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12 month target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $34.00. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Credit Suisse Group cut shares of DCP Midstream Partners, from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and dropped their price target for the stock from $35.00 to $34.00 in a research note on Thursday. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their price target on shares of DCP Midstream Partners, from $27.00 to $32.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 21st. RBC Capital Markets cut shares of DCP Midstream Partners, from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $37.00 to $38.00 in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of DCP Midstream Partners, from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada cut shares of DCP Midstream Partners, from an “outperform” rating to a “sector perform” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $37.00 to $38.00 in a research note on Thursday. Shares of DCP Midstream Partners, (NYSE:DPM) opened at 36.97 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of $4.24 billion, a PE ratio of 20.89 and a beta of 1.99. DCP Midstream Partners, has a one year low of $15.09 and a one year high of $39.49. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $35.97 and a 200-day moving average of $34.62. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. US Bancorp DE raised its stake in DCP Midstream Partners, by 34.2% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 2,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 753 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in DCP Midstream Partners, by 1.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,383,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,703,000 after buying an additional 16,381 shares in the last quarter. Blair William & Co. IL acquired a new stake in DCP Midstream Partners, during the second quarter valued at approximately $548,000. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in DCP Midstream Partners, during the second quarter valued at approximately $208,000. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its stake in DCP Midstream Partners, by 436.6% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 670,810 shares of the company’s stock valued at $23,136,000 after buying an additional 545,810 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 67.92% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “DCP Midstream Partners, LP (DPM) Receives $34.00 Average PT from Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/dcp-midstream-partners-lp-dpm-receives-34-00-average-pt-from-analysts.html. DCP Midstream Partners, Company Profile DCP Midstream Partners, LP is a limited partnership. The Company operates through three segments: Natural Gas Services, NGL Logistics and Wholesale Propane Logistics. Its Natural Gas Services segment consists of a geographically diverse complement of assets and ownership interests that provide a range of wellhead to market services for its producer customer, which include gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting and storing natural gas, and fractionating NGLs. Receive News & Ratings for DCP Midstream Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DCP Midstream Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FARO Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FARO Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Brokerages Set FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Target Price at $36.40 January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of FARO Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:FARO) have been given an average recommendation of “Buy” by the seven research firms that are currently covering the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and four have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $36.40. Separately, Zacks Investment Research upgraded FARO Technologies from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 3rd. WARNING: “Brokerages Set FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Target Price at $36.40” was posted by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/brokerages-set-faro-technologies-inc-faro-target-price-at-36-40.html. FARO Technologies (NASDAQ:FARO) opened at 38.20 on Thursday. FARO Technologies has a 52-week low of $20.72 and a 52-week high of $40.15. The firm has a market cap of $636.95 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 38.90 and a beta of 1.51. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $37.41 and a 200-day moving average price of $34.79. FARO Technologies (NASDAQ:FARO) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.07 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.13. FARO Technologies had a net margin of 5.06% and a return on equity of 5.45%. The business earned $79.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $77.82 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that FARO Technologies will post $0.79 EPS for the current year. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in FARO Technologies by 5.1% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 11,865 shares of the company’s stock worth $401,000 after buying an additional 576 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in FARO Technologies by 15,443.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 39,791 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,346,000 after buying an additional 39,535 shares during the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its stake in FARO Technologies by 2.3% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 9,925 shares of the company’s stock worth $336,000 after buying an additional 225 shares during the last quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP increased its stake in FARO Technologies by 34.6% in the second quarter. GSA Capital Partners LLP now owns 16,272 shares of the company’s stock worth $550,000 after buying an additional 4,186 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its stake in FARO Technologies by 11.9% in the second quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 12,960 shares of the company’s stock worth $438,000 after buying an additional 1,375 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.38% of the company’s stock. About FARO Technologies FARO Technologies, Inc designs, develops, manufactures, markets and supports software driven, three-dimensional (3-D) measurement, imaging and realization systems. The Company operates in three segments: Americas, Europe/Africa and Asia-Pacific. The Company sells its products through a direct sales force across a number of customers in a range of manufacturing, industrial, architecture, surveying, building construction and law enforcement applications. Receive News & Ratings for FARO Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FARO Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Universal Health Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Analysts Set Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Target Price at $134.60 January 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Universal Health Services, Inc. (NYSE:UHS) has earned an average rating of “Hold” from the nineteen research firms that are presently covering the firm. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and eight have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $134.60. Several research firms have recently weighed in on UHS. Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on Universal Health Services in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $119.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Universal Health Services from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $119.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Universal Health Services in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Mizuho cut their price target on Universal Health Services from $150.00 to $142.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $147.00 price target on shares of Universal Health Services in a research note on Monday, November 14th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Analysts Set Universal Health Services, Inc. (UHS) Target Price at $134.60” was originally published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/08/analysts-set-universal-health-services-inc-uhs-target-price-at-134-60.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in UHS. Atlantic Trust Group LLC boosted its stake in Universal Health Services by 0.7% in the second quarter. Atlantic Trust Group LLC now owns 112,319 shares of the company’s stock valued at $15,062,000 after buying an additional 818 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Universal Health Services by 17.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,766,229 shares of the company’s stock worth $217,635,000 after buying an additional 259,562 shares in the last quarter. Boston Partners boosted its position in shares of Universal Health Services by 220.7% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 648,989 shares of the company’s stock worth $79,968,000 after buying an additional 446,645 shares in the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its position in shares of Universal Health Services by 0.6% in the third quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 31,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,869,000 after buying an additional 200 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Polar Capital LLP purchased a new position in shares of Universal Health Services during the second quarter worth $18,774,000. 84.80% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Universal Health Services (NYSE:UHS) opened at 108.51 on Thursday. The company has a market capitalization of $10.52 billion, a PE ratio of 15.28 and a beta of 1.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $113.59 and its 200 day moving average price is $122.81. Universal Health Services has a 12-month low of $99.72 and a 12-month high of $139.77. Universal Health Services (NYSE:UHS) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $1.60 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.68 by $0.08. The firm had revenue of $2.61 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $2.40 billion. Universal Health Services had a return on equity of 16.35% and a net margin of 7.31%. The firm’s revenue was up 7.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $1.53 EPS. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Universal Health Services will post $7.35 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, December 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, December 1st were issued a $0.10 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, November 29th. This represents a $0.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.37%. Universal Health Services’s payout ratio is currently 5.63%. Universal Health Services Company Profile Universal Health Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in owning and operating acute care hospitals, behavioral health centers, surgical hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers and radiation oncology centers. Its segment is acute care hospital services and behavioral healthcare services. Receive News & Ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Universal Health Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Premier Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Premier, Inc. (PINC) Increased by William Blair January 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Premier, Inc. (NASDAQ:PINC) – Stock analysts at William Blair upped their Q2 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for shares of Premier in a report released on Thursday. William Blair analyst R. Daniels now anticipates that the firm will post earnings of $0.42 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.40. William Blair also issued estimates for Premier’s Q3 2017 earnings at $0.48 EPS. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Premier from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 target price for the company in a report on Friday. J P Morgan Chase & Co restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Premier in a report on Friday, October 28th. Wells Fargo & Company restated a “buy” rating on shares of Premier in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Credit Suisse Group restated a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 target price on shares of Premier in a report on Friday, November 4th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Premier presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $37.25. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/07/q2-2017-eps-estimates-for-premier-inc-pinc-increased-by-william-blair.html. Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) opened at 31.81 on Friday. Premier has a 12-month low of $28.27 and a 12-month high of $37.00. The company has a market cap of $1.59 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.58 and a beta of 0.49. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $30.45 and its 200 day moving average is $31.63. Premier (NASDAQ:PINC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.40 by $0.01. Premier had a net margin of 34.65% and a negative return on equity of 9.50%. The company had revenue of $313.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $319.09 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 15.7% compared to the same quarter last year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/07/q2-2017-eps-estimates-for-premier-inc-pinc-increased-by-william-blair.html. Institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Meeder Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in Premier during the second quarter worth approximately $105,000. Advisors Asset Management Inc. raised its position in Premier by 25.0% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 3,583 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 717 shares in the last quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. raised its position in Premier by 843.8% in the third quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 3,577 shares of the company’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 3,198 shares in the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new position in Premier during the third quarter worth approximately $132,000. Finally, Panagora Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in Premier during the second quarter worth approximately $152,000. 95.29% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Premier Premier, Inc is a healthcare improvement company. The Company is uniting an alliance of approximately 3,750 United States hospitals and more than 130,000 other provider organizations to transform healthcare. The Company operates healthcare group purchasing organizations and also provides integrated data and analytics, supply chain solutions, advisory services, performance improvement collaborative and other services. Receive News & Ratings for Premier Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Premier Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Franklin Covey Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Franklin Covey Company Issued By B. Riley (FC) January 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) – Equities research analysts at B. Riley lowered their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for shares of Franklin Covey Company in a report released on Wednesday. B. Riley analyst K. Liu now expects that the brokerage will post earnings per share of ($0.30) for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of ($0.03). B. Riley currently has a “Buy” rating and a $22.50 price target on the stock. B. Riley also issued estimates for Franklin Covey Company’s Q2 2017 earnings at ($0.23) EPS, Q3 2017 earnings at ($0.11) EPS, FY2017 earnings at ($0.20) EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at ($0.26) EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at ($0.28) EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at ($0.15) EPS and FY2018 earnings at ($0.11) EPS. A number of other analysts have also issued reports on FC. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Franklin Covey Company in a research report on Thursday, December 29th. Barrington Research lowered Franklin Covey Company from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 28th. TheStreet raised Franklin Covey Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, November 11th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Franklin Covey Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Monday, November 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $21.25. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/07/q1-2017-earnings-estimate-for-franklin-covey-company-issued-by-b-riley-fc.html. Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) opened at 19.05 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $262.72 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 121.34 and a beta of 0.88. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $20.78 and a 200-day moving average price of $17.72. Franklin Covey Company has a 52 week low of $13.45 and a 52 week high of $22.45. Franklin Covey Company (NYSE:FC) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, January 5th. The company reported ($0.29) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.17) by $0.12. The firm earned $39.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $43.48 million. Franklin Covey Company had a return on equity of 2.45% and a net margin of 1.17%. The business’s revenue was down 11.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.05 EPS. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey Company by 11.0% in the third quarter. Rice Hall James & Associates LLC now owns 165,328 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,944,000 after buying an additional 16,317 shares during the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey Company by 73.0% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 10,056 shares of the company’s stock worth $154,000 after buying an additional 4,243 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey Company by 2.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 47,425 shares of the company’s stock worth $727,000 after buying an additional 1,271 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey Company by 1.8% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 39,694 shares of the company’s stock worth $609,000 after buying an additional 714 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Lapides Asset Management LLC increased its position in shares of Franklin Covey Company by 7.7% in the third quarter. Lapides Asset Management LLC now owns 52,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $926,000 after buying an additional 3,700 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.35% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/07/q1-2017-earnings-estimate-for-franklin-covey-company-issued-by-b-riley-fc.html. In other Franklin Covey Company news, Director Joel Clinton Peterson sold 2,688 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $20.44, for a total value of $54,942.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 240,733 shares in the company, valued at $4,920,582.52. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. 33.50% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Franklin Covey Company Franklin Covey Co is a global company specializing in performance improvement. The Company’s segments are Direct Offices, Strategic Markets, Education practice and International Licensees. The Direct Offices segment consists of its geographic sales offices that serve the United States and Canada, its international sales offices located in Japan, the United Kingdom and Australia, and its public programs group. Receive News & Ratings for Franklin Covey Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Franklin Covey Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Soft Start Seen For South Korea Shares 1/9/2017 6:01 PM ET The South Korea stock market has moved lower in two of three trading days since the end of the two-day winning streak in which it had advanced almost 20 points or 1 percent. The KOSPI remains just beneath the 2,050-point plateau, and the market may be stuck in neutral again on Tuesday. The global forecast for the Asian markets is mixed and flat, with a decline in crude oil prices likely to cap any upside. The European and U.S. bourses were mixed and little changed, and the Asian markets figure to follow suit. The KOSPI finished barely lower on Monday as losses from the industrials and oil companies were mitigated by support from the technology stocks and a mixed performance from the financial shares. For the day, the index eased 0.34 points or 0.02 percent to finish at 2,048.78 after trading between 2,046.47 and 2,053.18. Volume was 395 million shares worth 3.79 trillion won. There were 551 decliners and 257 gainers. Among the actives, Samsung Electronics surged 2.82 percent, while LG Electronics advanced 1.90 percent, SK hynix spiked 3.23 percent, Hyundai Motor shed 0.33 percent, Kia Motors lost 0.98 percent, POSCO skidded 2.40 percent, SK Innovation climbed 1.27 percent, LG Chem fell 0.56 percent, Shinhan Financial tumbled 0.99 percent and Woori Bank collected 0.40 percent. The lead from Wall Street provides little clarity as stocks were mixed on Monday after showing strength last week. The NASDAQ added 10.76 points or 0.2 percent to 5,531.82, while the Dow shed 76.42 points or 0.4 percent to 19,887.38 and the S&P 500 fell 8.08 points or 0.4 percent to 2,268.90. A lack of major U.S. economic data kept traders on the sidelines, although reports on producer prices and retail sales will be released on Friday. Additionally, financial giants Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC) are due to report their quarterly results this week. Crude oil futures slid Monday amid expectations that non-OPEC producers will ramp up production. February West Texas Intermediate crude fell $2.03 or 3.8 percent to $51.96 a barrel, the lowest finish since before Christmas. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com Trump Takes Power, Manufacturing In Focus -- Economic Preview For Week of January 16 Lazy, or Inefficient? These are the World's Least Productive Countries Universal Basic Income Back In Vogue More Commentary -Global Stocks Close Mostly Higher But Dow Dips Slightly - U.S. Commentary Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Rebound From Trump-Related Weakness Banking Stocks Leading The Way Higher On Wall Street - U.S. Commentary Stocks May Open Higher Following Earnings News, Data - U.S. Commentary Wall Street Set For Higher Opening Sensex, Nifty Snap Three-day Winning Streak European Shares Rise On Weaker Euro; FTSE Hits Fresh Record High FTSE 100 Extends Winning Streak As Healthcare Stocks Rebound CAC 40 Rises Led By Banks DAX Rebounds On US Optimism Asian Shares Mostly Lower As Trump Optimism Fades European Shares Seen Ticking Higher Ahead Of US Bank Earnings Sensex, Nifty Marginally Higher In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Amid Cautious Trades <<Previous        116 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Manufacturing, Housing In Focus Amid Trump's Inauguration Lazy, Or Inefficient? The World's Least Productive Countries, Ranked Millennials Fail To Keep Up With Mom And Dad India's SpiceJet Buying Up To 205 Boeing Planes JPMorgan Chase Q4 Profit Rises; Results Top Estimates Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates CVS Offering Cheap Generic Alternative To EpiPen Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe Teva Loses Alimta Appeal Against Eli Lilly American Airlines Uniforms Are Safe, Manufacturer Says FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer McDonald's Finally Testing All-Day Breakfast In Canada Woman Sues Chipolte For $2 Bln For Using Her Photographs For Promotion Bank Of America Q4 Profit Climbs, Beats Estimates EGLT Gets Long Awaited FDA Approval, PTCT Breathes Easy, GLMD On Track FDA Says No To TSRO, Ablynx On Track, MYL Leads In Herceptin Biosim Race In U.S. Gainers & Losers Of The Day: TBIO, IMMU, SGMO, BIOC, APRI Gainers & Losers Of The Day: BIOC, CUR, ONTX, EGLT, ABAX... National Express To Sell C2c Franchise To FS Italiane's Trenitalia For £70 Mln Gainers & Losers Of The Day: ACST, APRI, SBBP, NVDQ, NVCR So Long DSCI, MRK Seeks New Use For Old Drug, VRX Does It Again, PSTI On Watch UniCredit Discloses Additions To Explanatory Report Takata To Pay $1 Bln. In Airbag Probe FBI Pays Best Buy Employees For Info On Customer's Computer News Corp: India's PropTiger.com, Housing.com To Join, To Get $55 Mln Investment Saks Fifth Ave. Owner Warns On Challenging Retail Environment WSJ: Brookdale Nursing Homes A Target For Blackstone Fresenius Medical Care Says Pleased With US Court's Temporary Restraining Order Lowe's Reportedly Plans Thousands Of Job Cuts Kellogg Pringles Launches Pringles LOUD In Five Varieties - Quick Facts FDIC Sues Bank Of America - Quick Facts VCA Stock Climbs On Mars' $9.1 Bln Takeover Deal METRO Group Q1 Like-for-like Sales Flat, But Sales Edge Down Phoenix Group Achieves Its 2016 Target For Cash Generation - Quick Facts Wm Morrison Christmas Sales Up; Sees FY17 Profit Ahead Of Market View Playtech Names Andrew Smith CFO; FY Results To Be In Line With Market View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. Posted 09 Jan 2017 22:15 Updated 10 Jan 2017 06:15 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York, U.S., January 9, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson prev next prev next Thumbnail Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals , which closed up 72.9 percent on a US$5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
Menu Menu Welcome! Membership About Morningstar > Logout Login Subscribe Register Premium Site Search Search Symbols Search The Site Join Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Personal Finance Discuss Page No Longer Available We’re sorry, this news item is no longer available on Morningstar.com. We offer news from several external newsfeed providers, and some of those providers require that news items expire from our website after a certain time period. For the latest news, please check Morningstar.com’s news archive or the News & Events section of any security’s quote page. Helpful Links Glossary Privacy Policy Premium User Agreement Free User Agreement Copyright Agreement Discuss Terms of Use Reprints Contact Us Premium Members Have questions about Premium Membership or would like to change/cancel your subscription?   Call us toll-free at 1.866.229.9449 or 1.312.384.3838 if you are calling from outside the U.S. We’re available to assist you Monday through Thursday 7am to 6pm CST and Fridays, 7am to 5pm CST. Corrections  Help  Advertising Opportunities  Licensing  MorningstarAdvisor  Glossary  RSS  Store  Careers  Company Site International Sites Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Skyworks Solutions, Inc. (SWKS) Stake Boosted by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Acquires New Stake in Sanchez Energy Corporation (SN) MSG Networks Inc. (MSGN) Position Held by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Eagle Bancorp, Inc. (EGBN) Aperio Group LLC Invests $157,000 in Knowles Corporation (KN) Aaron’s, Inc. (AAN) Position Boosted by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Has $150,000 Position in LivaNova PLC (LIVN) PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Cuts Position in Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (NTT) US Bancorp DE Has $173,000 Position in First Defiance Financial Corp. (FDEF) US Bancorp DE Has $172,000 Position in Actuant Corporation (ATU) Advisor Group Inc. Lowers Position in Liberty Interactive Corporation (QVCA) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in SEI Investments Company (SEIC) US Bancorp DE Purchases 396 Shares of Cimpress N.V (CMPR) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 13,900 Shares of Vanguard Natural Resources LLC (VNR) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Purchases 385 Shares of State Street Corporation (STT) US Bancorp DE Reduces Position in CrossAmerica Partners LP (CAPL) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in Aegerion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AEGR) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $190,000 Stake in I.D. Systems, Inc. (IDSY) California Public Employees Retirement System Sells 3,400 Shares of ChinaCache International Holdings Ltd. (CCIH) Korea Electric Power Corporation (KEP) Position Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. (UEPS) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 9th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:UEPS) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Friday morning. According to Zacks, “Net 1 U.E.P.S. Technologies provides its universal electronic payment system as an alternative payment system for the unbanked and under-banked populations of developing economies. Net 1 believes that it is the first company worldwide to implement a system that can enable the estimated four billion people who generally have limited or no access to a bank account to enter affordably into electronic transactions with each other, government agencies, employers, merchants and other financial service providers. “ Separately, TheStreet raised shares of Net 1 UEPS Technologies from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research report on Friday, December 2nd. Net 1 UEPS Technologies (NASDAQ:UEPS) traded down 0.68% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $11.72. 126,617 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50-day moving average is $11.59 and its 200-day moving average is $10.42. The company has a market cap of $604.94 million, a PE ratio of 6.95 and a beta of 0.73. Net 1 UEPS Technologies has a one year low of $8.37 and a one year high of $13.29. Net 1 UEPS Technologies (NASDAQ:UEPS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.40 by $0.08. The business earned $155.68 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $158.37 million. Net 1 UEPS Technologies had a net margin of 14.20% and a return on equity of 16.70%. The company’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.56 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Net 1 UEPS Technologies will post $1.70 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc. (UEPS) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/09/net-1-ueps-technologies-inc-ueps-downgraded-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL bought a new position in shares of Net 1 UEPS Technologies during the second quarter valued at approximately $1,160,000. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in Net 1 UEPS Technologies by 5.1% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 103,856 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,038,000 after buying an additional 4,998 shares during the last quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Net 1 UEPS Technologies by 33.6% in the second quarter. Acrospire Investment Management LLC now owns 14,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 3,600 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its stake in Net 1 UEPS Technologies by 3.5% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 26,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $265,000 after buying an additional 900 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Net 1 UEPS Technologies by 12.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 127,041 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,269,000 after buying an additional 13,874 shares during the last quarter. 57.54% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Net 1 UEPS Technologies Net 1 UEPS Technologies, Inc is a provider of payment solutions, transaction processing services and financial technology across multiple industries. The Company develops and markets a transaction processing solution that encompasses its smart card-based alternative payment system for the unbanked and under-banked populations of developing economies and for mobile transaction channels. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Net 1 UEPS Technologies (UEPS) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Net 1 UEPS Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (LOW) Shares Sold by Shell Asset Management Co. Next » Uranium Resources, Inc. (URRE) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates The TSX ticker is shown in Toronto on May 10, 2013. The TSX ticker is shown in Toronto on May 10, 2013. The close: TSX falls in broad retreat led by energy stocks Add to ... Reuters Published Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 4:14PM EST Last updated Monday, Jan. 09, 2017 5:15PM EST Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s benchmark stock index finished lower on Monday as energy stocks fell with tumbling oil prices, and financial, telecom and industrial stocks also weighed on the market. The Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index ended down 107.10 points, or 0.69 per cent, at 15,388.95. Two stocks declined for every gainer. The most influential movers on the index included some of its biggest oil and gas producers, with the energy group down 2.5 per cent overall as oil prices fell on fears that record Iraqi crude exports and growing U.S. output could undermine OPEC’s efforts to reduce supply. Canadian Natural Resources Ltd fell 3.1 per cent to C$41.82, and Suncor Energy Inc lost 1.4 per cent to C$43.49. Seven Generations Energy slumped 9.1 per cent to C$27.06 after reporting lower-than-expected production in the fourth quarter. “A lot of momentum was in that name. ... It was really being pushed in the broker channels. It probably ran a little bit ahead of itself,” said Bryden Teich, a portfolio manager at Avenue Investment Management. The financials group, which accounts for 35 per cent of the index weight, lost 0.5 per cent, with Brookfield Asset Management Inc off 1.3 per cent at C$43.56 and insurer Sun Life Financial Inc down 1.5 per cent at C$51.46. Industrials and telecoms both lost 0.8 per cent. On the positive side, Quebecor Inc rose 2 per cent to C$38.12 and Shaw Communications Inc added 1.9 per cent to C$22.77 after RBC upgraded its view of the two cable companies’ stock. RBC also raised its view on exchange operator TMX Group Ltd , while downgrading telecom companies Rogers Communications Inc and BCE Inc as well as mortgage lender Home Capital Group Inc. TMX advanced 3.5 per cent to C$75.60, Rogers declined 1.5 per cent to C$51.40, BCE lost 1.1 per cent to C$57.94, and Home Capital shed 2.4 per cent to C$30.54. Canadian companies are more optimistic about sales as demand picks up and they plan to boost investment and hiring, but businesses are uncertain about U.S. protectionism, and the labor market shows signs of substantial slack, the Bank of Canada said on Monday. Oil drop stymies Dow’s march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow ‘s pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P’s energy sector dropped 1.5 per cent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 per cent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. “People are waiting for more information. We’re waiting for political news, we’re waiting for earnings. There’s a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we’ll see some movement,” said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 per cent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 per cent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 per cent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. “There is some hope we’ll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first,” said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs’ 0.8 per cent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine’s 0.9 per cent drop and Exxon Mobil’s 1.7 per cent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. “Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when,” said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 per cent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 per cent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 per cent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P’s health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. <MRK. N> the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq’s biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals, which closed up 72.9 per cent on a $5.20-billion buyout deal with Japan’s Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 per cent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. Report Typo/Error   More Related to this Story Oil down 4% on concerns over rising Iraqi exports, U.S. output Monday’s analyst upgrades and downgrades Topics Capital Markets Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. TSX Group S&P Company Donald Trump Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} In the know OBITUARY Ellen Watters was a rising star in Canadian cycling Globe Investor Splitting income is a great way to save tax, but you must do it properly Leah McLaren Why I’m giving up thoughtless meat consumption Arts John Doyle: Trump-era America is challenging the TV industry​ The Globe Recommends {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Is a $700 parka ever worth it? Report on Business What are the best professions for working past age 65? Life Five reasons to never do crunches again Life Coconut products: Do they really stand up to the nutritional hype? Life Penn State 'Squirrel Girl' has students and animals going nuts Report on Business Companies with small dividends can still yield big returns News WARNING: Graphic content: Footage captures police firing on Nice driver Life Meet the Canadian travel blogger who has visited nearly 100 countries Report on Business Inside the market: Trump's impact on Canadian investors News Raw video released of Rob Ford smoking crack Arts Why Metallica frontman James Hetfield ditched Instagram News Mad cow disease confirmed in Alberta beef cow ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Investor Investors resist it, but simplicity is better Report on Business Students help students in budding mentor programs More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Why both the left and right are wrong about Davos Most popular Why Canadians can’t stop borrowing: Stagnating incomes Happy birthday, iPhone: Let’s talk about your dirty environmental secret How Home Hardware is renovating its business strategy Women face heavier burden of criminalizing HIV non-disclosure, advocates say How maintaining your telomeres can help you age healthily X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King St. E., Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; health stocks boost Nasdaq By Reuters Published: 16:45 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 16:45 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and helped stall the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season and expected U.S. policy changes under the Donald Trump presidency. The Nasdaq notched a record high close, extending its bullish run with help from healthcare stocks. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.5 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Elsewhere, investors were taking a breather ahead of fourth-quarter earnings and the Jan. 20 presidential inauguration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump, who has pledged tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus, but investors are now waiting to see if he can deliver on those promises. "People are waiting for more information. We're waiting for political news, we're waiting for earnings. There's a lot of uncertainty out there. As the month goes on I expect we'll see some movement," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle, Illinois. The financial sector fell 0.8 percent on Monday. It had risen almost 18 percent since the election, led by banking stocks. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "There is some hope we'll see some movement upward. Investors want to see some of those reports come out first," said Jankovskis. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow Jones Industrial Average components fell, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. Goldman Sachs' 0.8 percent fall was its biggest drag followed by International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop and Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline. The Dow had come tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 76.42 points, or 0.38 percent, to 19,887.38, the S&P 500 had lost 8.08 points, or 0.354856 percent, to 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.76 points, or 0.19 percent, to 5,531.82. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer with Merck & Co. the leading boost and Vertex Pharmaceuticals the biggest percentage gainer with a 4.4 pct jump after it issued guidance. Nasdaq's biggest drivers in the healthcare sector were Ariad Pharmaceuticals, which closed up 72.9 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda 4502.T Incyte with a 9.4 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program with Merck. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.77-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.45-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 6 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 55 new highs and 16 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges on Monday compared with the 6.6 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Alts Currency-Hedged Equities Fixed-Income New ETFs Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → January → 2017 Could Be a Great Year for Smart Beta ETFs 2017 Could Be a Great Year for Smart Beta ETFs January 9, 2017 at 4:22 pm by Max Chen Within the exchange traded fund universe, the smart-beta or alternative index-based segment is quickly attracting a large following, and more investors and advisors are expected to steer toward these factor-based strategies ahead. “CFRA thinks 2017 could be the year when advisor and investor adoption takes off, based in part on 2016’s performance,” Todd Rosenbluth, Director of ETF Research at CFRA, said in a research note. Over the past few years, money managers and fund sponsors started to roll out rules-based, transparent index ETFs that combined some of the attributes that have historically provided active managers with outperformance, such as prominent investment factors like quality, momentum, value, low volatility and size. This quickly growing segment of the ETF space has been able to sop up the money flowing out of traditional open-end mutual funds as years of underperformance and high expenses dissuade investors – active equity mutual funds shed about $100 billion in the first 11 months of 2016, or more than the combined outflows in the previous three years, according to Morningstar data. “CFRA thinks asset managers were correct to have established products for those seeking lower cost alternatives,” Rosenbluth said. For example, among the smart-beta ETFs that recently came to market, the iShares FactorSelect MSCI USA ETF (NYSEArca: LRGF) and SPDR MSCI USA StrategicFactorsSM ETF (NYSEArca: QUS) have been excellent ways to capture core U.S. market exposure. As opposed to traditional market cap-weighted index funds, the two smart-beta offerings focus on quality and value. Additionally, QUS includes low volatility and equal-weight styles while LRGF incorporates momentum and size factors. Not to be left behind, traditional mutual fund providers have also stepped into the ETF arena with smart-beta offerings. For instance, the Goldman Sachs ActiveBeta U.S. Large Cap Equity ETF (NYSEarca: GSLC), JPMorgan Diversified Return US Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPUS) and John Hancock Multifactor Large Cap ETF (NYSEArca: JHML) all screen for specific market factors. JPUS focuses on quality, value and momentum attributes. GSLC targets low-volatility along with the same three factors as JPUS. JHML focuses on size, value and quality. “We expect 2017 will be a year when more advisors seek out multi-factor ETFs that feel more like active management than IVV and its market-cap weighted peers, but are cheaper than the 1.1% for a large-cap mutual fund. If they do, we hope they finish their homework and look inside the portfolios first,” Rosenbluth added. For more information on multi-factor strategies, visit our smart beta category. Categories: Smart-Beta Tags: Current Affairs, GSLC, Indexing, JHML, JPUS, Lead, LRGF, QUS, smart beta You might also like: This Dog Could Have its Day in 2017 Value ETFs: It Might Not be Easy Don’t Miss Out on International Stock ETF Opportunities Airline ETF Could Deliver Increasing Shareholder Rewards Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules January 14, 2017 Equities The Power of Income in Our Current Environment January 14, 2017 Fixed-Income Death and Taxes: At Least One Is Still Certain January 14, 2017 Featured Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Ready to Rev Up in 2017? Operations as a Vehicle for Investment Success By Astor Investment Management Analyzing December Data Before Looking to the Year Ahead By Clark Capital Management 2017: The Next Chapter After a Remarkable 12 Months By Nottingham Advisors Reducing US Stocks to Bring Balanced Portfolios Closer to Long-Term Targets By Rod Smyth, RiverFront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT ETF Education Central ETF Analyzer ETF Resume Premium Membership ETF Trends Education Articles Index Category Highlights Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2016 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search What's Behind the Dow's 20K Delay ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More What's Behind the Dow's 20K Delay By Victoria Craig Published January 09, 2017 Stocks FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print (AP) The wait for Dow 20000 has been an anxious one on Wall Street. Continue Reading Below Though equities hover at record levels, the Dow Jones Industrial Average’s next major milestone continues to evade investors 45 days after the blue-chip index crossed 19000 for the first time ever. The climb is remniscent of a similar rally in 2006-2007 when the Dow raced 2000 points higher between November and the following July. While much attention has been paid to the approaching record, it’s not often the Dow crosses a new threshold so quickly. It took 700 days for the index to trade from 18000 to 19000 in 2016, 173 days to go from 17000 to 18000 in 2014, and 224 days to advance from 16000 to 17000 also in 2014, according to data compiled by S&P Dow Jones Indices.  On Monday the Dow tipped lower after the blue-chip index came within a fraction of a point of 20K Friday, hitting 19999.63 on the heels of the December jobs report, which showed wages in 2016 grew the most in seven-and-a-half years. After ending Friday’s session lower, the Dow extended its declines at the start of the week thanks to a number of factors including a more than 2% drop in oil prices amid jitters about whether U.S. crude production could offset OPEC’s self-imposed output limits, and a drop in Coca-Cola shares (KO) after a downgrade from Goldman Sachs’ analysts (KO). More on the March to Dow 20K After Coming Within One Point, Dow Misses 20K Pop in Wages Helps Fuel Labor-Market Strength in December Fed Cautiously Eyes Trump’s Fiscal Policies Amid ‘Considerable Uncertainty’ Stocks Cap 2016 with Double-Digit Growth, Await Uncertain New Year “We’ve flirted with the milestone for two weeks, trying to pierce it, and it seems to have met resistance of selling at that level,” said Bill Northey, chief investment officer at U.S. Bank Private Client Group. “As we move forward, we have a couple big elements in focus, the inauguration in less than two weeks and the start of fourth-quarter earnings…tangible data is likely to be the driver.”   On Friday, three of America’s biggest banks, including Bank of America (BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM), and Wells Fargo (WFC), reveal how they performed during the last three months of 2016. Overall, fourth-quarter earnings are expected to post 4.4% yearly gains in what would be the second-consecutive increase in quarterly earnings after four-straight quarters of declines, according to data from S&P Capital IQ. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Financials are expected to lead those gains, and it's the only sector poised for double-digit earnings growth, thanks to gains in equity, fixed income, and currency trading for investment banks, and a post-U.S. election rise in interest rates and anticipated decline in Wall Street regulation.   Expand / Contract While optimism gripped equity markets in the last two months of 2016, and continues to be, for the most part present in 2017 action, Northey warned the market will need to see actual underlying earnings growth to continue that forward momentum. “Our expectation is we’ll see some degree of growth over 2017 but much of it will be influenced by factors that have created euphoria: Promises of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, a relaxation of certain digress of regulations,” he said.   Indeed much of Wall Street’s burst higher after the Nov. 8 election was powered by President-elect Donald Trump’s campaign-trail promises in which he vowed to lower taxes, cut burdensome Wall Street regulations including the Dodd-Frank financial reform law enacted in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, and put in place a plan to bolster the nation’s ailing infrastructure. “Investors are grappling with where does some of the campaign promise meet reality in terms of spending levels for infrastructure, and more importantly, tax rates and how it’s funded. Generally, the investing community is thinking those are going to be a boon to companies in terms of earnings, but the level to which it happens is very much in question,” said Ralph Basset, head of North American equities at Aberdeen Asset Management.   What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Oil drop stymies Dow's march to 20,000; Nasdaq boosted by health stocks By Reuters Published: 15:15 EST, 9 January 2017 | Updated: 15:15 EST, 9 January 2017 e-mail By Sinead Carew Jan 9 (Reuters) - Declines in energy and financial stocks weighed on the S&P 500 on Monday and stalled the Dow's pursuit of the 20,000 milestone ahead of earnings season, while the Nasdaq hit a record intraday high. The S&P's energy sector dropped 1.4 percent as oil prices slid on concerns that rising Iraqi exports and U.S. output could dampen the impact of a deal among major producers to limit output. Investors were taking a breather ahead of the fourth-quarter earnings season and the next U.S. President's administration. The S&P 500 benchmark has risen more than 6 percent since the Nov. 8 election of Donald Trump who has promised tax cuts, lighter regulation and fiscal stimulus. "We're waiting for the roll-out of earnings and the initial forays of the Trump administration," Stephen Massocca, chief investment officer, Wedbush Equity Management LLC in San Francisco. "I don't see significant moves in the market until those events unwind." The financial sector was down 0.6 percent on Monday. Big banks will provide the first peek into how U.S. companies fared in the fourth quarter later this week. S&P 500 companies overall are expected to post a 5.8 percent increase in profit in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Two-thirds of the 30 Dow components were lower, keeping the psychologically significant 20,000 mark at bay. International Business Machine's 0.9 percent drop was the Dow's biggest drag. Exxon Mobil's 1.7 percent decline and a 1.2 percent drop in Chevron were also big weights. The Dow came tantalizingly close to the milestone on Friday, hitting a peak of 19,999.63, as the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq also touched records after a late pop in tech stocks. "Our view about the Dow (hitting) 20,000 is not a matter of if, but a matter of when," said Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank in New York. At 2:53 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 59.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 19,904.71, the S&P 500 had lost 6.5 points, or 0.285466 percent, to 2,270.48 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 10.94 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,531.99. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower. The S&P's health sector was the biggest gainer helped by a string of multi-billion dollar deals. Nasdaq was boosted most by healthcare stocks, led by Incyte's 19.9 percent jump after it announced advancements in its cancer drug program. The consumer staples sector was down 0.6 percent with P&G and Coca-Cola among the biggest drags after Goldman Sachs downgraded the stocks to "sell." Pet hospital operator VCA jumped 28 percent after agreeing to a $7.7 billion buyout offer from candy and pet foods maker Mars Inc. Ariad Pharma surged nearly 73 percent on a $5.20 billion buyout deal with Japan's Takeda. Surgical Care Affiliates jumped 16 percent on a deal to be bought by UnitedHealth for about $2.30 billion. Dow component UnitedHealth dipped 0.3 percent. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.55-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.37-to-1 ratio favored decliners. The S&P 500 posted 5 new 52-week highs and no new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 53 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Meredith Mazzilli) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated 1 in 10 Americans say they will die in debt Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Nasdaq closes at record even as ‘Trump rally’ takes a breather By Sue Chang and Ryan Vlastelica Published: Jan 9, 2017 4:34 p.m. ET Share Psychologically important 20,000 remains elusive for Dow Reuters Dow industrials took a break from its journey to 20,000. By SueChang Markets reporter RyanVlastelica Markets reporter U.S. stocks retreated Monday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average pulled back further from the psychologically significant 20,000 milestone, although the Nasdaq bucked the weak trend to finish at an all-time closing high for a third session in a row. Equities have been strong performers recently, highlighted by a nearly 10% climb over the past three months. Most of the gains in stocks have been the result of the presidential election in the U.S. Investors have bet that the policies president-elect Donald Trump is expected to support will accelerate economic growth — a bullish scenario for stocks. See also: Goldman Sachs’s chief economist warns of 3 key risks in 2017 The rally, however, has lately shown signs of plateauing. The gains took major indexes deeper into record territory, and investors are now looking for valuations to be justified by economic data and corporate profits. On Friday, the December nonfarm-payroll report showed solid jobs growth in the month, though the numbers came in below forecasts. “As inauguration day approaches, the markets are shifting from speculation on what President Trump may do and preparing to react to what he actually does or doesn’t do,” said Colin Cieszynski, chief market strategist at CMC Markets. “In other words, the classic buy-on-rumor [and] sell-on-news trading may be kicking in.” Read: Here’s why Trump’s inauguration could mark a near-term top for stocks The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.03%  fell 76.42 points, or 0.4%, to close at 19,887.38, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.18%  lost 8.08 points, or 0.4%, to finish at 2,268.90. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.48%  rose 10.76 points, or 0.2%, to end at 5,531.82. “We’ve come a long ways in a hurry, and right now there is more good news than bad news priced into the market. We may be due for a breather with valuations at current levels,” said John Brady, managing director at R.J. O’Brien & Associates. Read: What Dow 20,000 means for stock-market investors Trump has scheduled his first news conference since July on Wednesday. Jack Ablin, chief investment officer at BMO Private Bank, also believes investors are worried about the U.K. after Prime Minister Theresa May indicated in an interview that her government plans a definitive break with the European Union, raising fears of a “hard Brexit.” “In the absence of meaningful news in the U.S., investors are focused on the U.K.,” he said. The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq closed at records on Friday, while the Dow ended mere points below its own all-time high and came within a hair’s breadth of 20,000. See: Stock bulls could get scorched by ‘Icarus trade’ in 2017 The blue chip index’s successful breach of the key level will hinge mostly on earnings, according to Ablin. “If we can get blockbuster numbers from earnings, the Dow will be able to touch 20,000” as early as this week, he said. Fed speakers: Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren forecast “somewhat more regular” increases in interest rates, citing changes in economic conditions. In December, the Fed indicated it may raise rates three times in 2017, compared with just once in 2016. Atlanta Fed President Dennis Lockhart said in a speech at the Rotary Club of Atlanta that the economy is likely to grow at a moderate pace of 2% but that expectations of significantly higher growth are unrealistic. More central bank officials will step up throughout the week, including Fed Chairwoman Janet Yellen, who is set to appear at a town-hall meeting in Washington at 7 p.m. Eastern on Thursday. On the economic front, consumer credit rose at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 7.9%, or $24.6 billion, in November. Revolving credit like credit cards jumped 13.5% while nonrevolving credit such as car and student loans climbed 5.9%. Need to know: Get ready for a historic ‘fiscal shock’ as the Dow sets up for another run at 20,000 Stocks to watch: Earnings season kicks off in earnest this week with banks such as J.P. Morgan Chase JPM, +0.53%  and Bank of America Corp. BAC, +0.39%  due to report Friday. S&P 500 earnings for the fourth quarter are expected to rise 3% from the year-ago period, and the bulk of that will come from financials, said John Butters, senior earnings analyst at FactSet. “Banks have certainly had a good run-up, so they may be vulnerable, but I would buy them on any pullback we see,” said Brady. Read: Stock market investors focus on banks as earnings season begins Shares of Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. MACK, -1.83%  gained 1.9% after the company said Sunday it will sell its oncology assets, including its pancreatic cancer drug, to French drugmaker Ipsen SA IPN, +2.11%  in a deal worth up to $1.025 billion. UnitedHealth Group Inc.’s UNH, -0.34% Optum health-services arm has agreed to buy Surgical Care Affiliates Inc. SCAI, -0.02%  for about $2.3 billion, which will add a major surgical group to its cluster of doctor groups and clinics. Shares of Surgical Care jumped 16%. Shares of McDonald’s Corp. MCD, -0.49%  were off 0.3% after news the company signed a deal to sell a controlling stake in its China unit to an investor group let by one of China’s biggest state-owned companies, Citic Ltd. The car industry is in focus as Detroit’s annual trade show gets under way. Growing tensions between auto makers and Trump could overshadow the event. General Motors Co. GM, -0.45%  Chief Executive Mary Barra told reporters Sunday that the company won’t move small-car production to the U.S. from Mexico. Trump has criticized GM for importing some Chevrolet Cruze compact cars from a Mexico plant. Other markets: The FTSE 100 UKX, +0.62% bucked the weakness seen in other European markets SXXP, +0.95% The pound GBPUSD, -1.2887%  was under pressure against the dollar over worries of a “hard Brexit.” Asian markets ADOW, -0.53%  finished mixed. The Nikkei 225 index NIK, -0.66%  was closed for a holiday in Japan. Oil prices CLG7, +0.21%  settled 3.8% lower after an update from Baker Hughes Inc. BHI, -2.40%  on Friday showed the number of rigs drilling for oil in the U.S. rose by four in the week ended Dec. 30 to 529. Gold GCH7, +0.38%  was trading near fresh six-week highs. [This update corrects the number of consecutive days Nasdaq closed at a record high.] -- Barbara Kollmeyer contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Speed Cyclist Denise Mueller's Failed Run Tillerson and Rubio Spar Over Russia Soros Lost Nearly $1 Billion After Trump Win Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA -5.27 -0.03% SPX +4.20 +0.18% COMP +26.63 +0.48% JPM +0.46 +0.53% BAC +0.09 +0.39% MACK -0.06 -1.83% IPN +1.53 +2.11% UNH -0.56 -0.34% SCAI -0.01 -0.02% MCD -0.60 -0.49% GM -0.17 -0.45% UKX +45.44 +0.62% SXXP +3.43 +0.95% GBPUSD -0.0157 -1.2887% ADOW -16.21 -0.53% NIK -126.70 -0.66% CLG7 +0.11 +0.21% BHI -1.50 -2.40% GCH7 +4.60 +0.38% Show all references Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 19,885.73 -5.27 (-0.03%) Volume 263.8M Open 19,913 High 19,952 Low 19,849 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,274.64 +4.20 (+0.18%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,273 High 2,279 Low 2,272 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,574.12 +26.63 (+0.48%) Volume 0 Open 5,558 High 5,584 Low 5,557 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.70 +0.46 (+0.53%) Volume 27.4M Open $87.11 High $88.17 Low $86.10 P/E Ratio 14.01 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.2B Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $23.01 +0.09 (+0.39%) Volume 158.7M Open $23.21 High $23.41 Low $22.80 P/E Ratio 16.67 Div Yield 1.3 Market Cap 232.9B Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: MACK $3.21 -0.06 (-1.83%) Volume 3.8M Open $3.29 High $3.33 Low $3.16 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 416.1M Ipsen France: Paris: IPN €73.94 +1.53 (+2.11%) Volume 85954 Open €73.00 High €73.94 Low €72.90 P/E Ratio 26.31 Div Yield 1.15 Market Cap 6.2B UnitedHealth Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UNH $161.80 -0.56 (-0.34%) Volume 3.1M Open $162.16 High $162.74 Low $161.41 P/E Ratio 23.9 Div Yield 1.55 Market Cap 154.0B Surgical Care Affiliates Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: SCAI $56.59 -0.01 (-0.02%) Volume 1.5M Open $56.62 High $56.84 Low $56.55 P/E Ratio 102.89 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.3B McDonald's Corp. U.S.: NYSE: MCD $121.50 -0.60 (-0.49%) Volume 2.8M Open $122.24 High $122.24 Low $121.10 P/E Ratio 22.97 Div Yield 3.09 Market Cap 100.9B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.34 -0.17 (-0.45%) Volume 8.7M Open $37.55 High $37.77 Low $37.15 P/E Ratio 4.28 Div Yield 4.07 Market Cap 56.9B FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,337.81 +45.44 (+0.62%) Volume 0 Open 7,292 High 7,338 Low 7,292 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 365.94 +3.43 (+0.95%) Volume 0 Open 363.12 High 365.94 Low 363.12 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2026 -0.0157 (-1.2887%) Volume 0 Open 1.22 High 1.22 Low 1.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A The Asia Dow Index USD DJ-Index: ADOW 3,048.38 -16.21 (-0.53%) Volume 0 Open 3,068 High 3,074 Low 3,046 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 19,160.58 -126.70 (-0.66%) Volume 0 Open 19,219 High 19,255 Low 19,133 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Feb 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLG7 $52.48 +0.11 (+0.21%) Volume 4568 Open $52.55 High $52.63 Low $52.39 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Baker Hughes Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BHI $60.92 -1.50 (-2.40%) Volume 2.7M Open $62.21 High $62.34 Low $60.73 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 25.8B Gold Mar 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCH7 $1,202.10 +4.60 (+0.38%) Volume 32 Open $1,201 High $1,207 Low $1,201 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Kohl's Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kohl's Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Kohl’s Corporation’s (KSS) “Sell” Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) restated their sell rating on shares of Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) in a research report released on Friday morning. They currently have a $32.00 target price on the stock, down from their prior target price of $35.00. KSS has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group reiterated a buy rating on shares of Kohl’s Corporation in a research report on Monday, September 12th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Kohl’s Corporation from a hold rating to a sell rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. Bank of America Corporation restated a buy rating and set a $50.00 target price on shares of Kohl’s Corporation in a report on Thursday, September 29th. Credit Suisse Group assumed coverage on Kohl’s Corporation in a report on Monday, December 5th. They set a neutral rating and a $45.00 target price for the company. Finally, OTR Global downgraded Kohl’s Corporation from a mixed rating to a sell rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $48.59. Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) traded down 1.04% during trading on Friday, reaching $41.00. 2,784,251 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Kohl’s Corporation has a 12 month low of $33.87 and a 12 month high of $59.67. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $52.94 and a 200-day moving average of $45.18. The stock has a market cap of $7.24 billion, a PE ratio of 12.48 and a beta of 1.09. Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE:KSS) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported $0.80 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.70 by $0.10. Kohl’s Corporation had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 3.17%. The firm earned $4.33 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $4.33 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.75 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was down 2.3% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Kohl’s Corporation will post $3.71 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/kohls-corporations-kss-sell-rating-reaffirmed-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc-the.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, December 21st. Investors of record on Wednesday, December 7th were given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date was Monday, December 5th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.83%. Kohl’s Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 61.16%. In related news, CFO Wesley S. Mcdonald sold 71,582 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, November 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.45, for a total transaction of $3,969,221.90. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 108,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,032,294.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CFO Wesley S. Mcdonald sold 27,376 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, November 11th. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.41, for a total value of $1,434,776.16. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 93,908 shares in the company, valued at $4,921,718.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Kohl’s Corporation by 1.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,339,510 shares of the company’s stock worth $539,854,000 after buying an additional 129,429 shares in the last quarter. American International Group Inc. increased its position in Kohl’s Corporation by 5.4% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 8,778,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $384,077,000 after buying an additional 448,361 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management increased its position in Kohl’s Corporation by 1.3% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 6,342,077 shares of the company’s stock worth $277,465,000 after buying an additional 81,650 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Kohl’s Corporation by 2.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 6,014,128 shares of the company’s stock worth $263,118,000 after buying an additional 149,586 shares in the last quarter. Finally, FMR LLC increased its position in Kohl’s Corporation by 29.4% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,992,895 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,410,000 after buying an additional 906,801 shares in the last quarter. 97.24% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Kohl’s Corporation Kohl’s Corporation (Kohl’s) is an operator of department stores. The Company also operates an e-commerce Website (www.Kohls.com). The Company operates over 1,160 department stores in approximately 50 states. The Company sells private label, exclusive and national brand apparel, footwear, accessories, beauty and home products. Receive News & Ratings for Kohl's Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Kohl's Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Affiliated Managers Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research January 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (NYSE:AMG) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday. According to Zacks, “Affiliated Managers’ shares have underperformed the Zacks categorized Investment management industry, over the last six months. The company’s one of the major concerns is the continuous increase in expenses due to investment in affiliates. Further, high debt burden is also expected to hurt its financials in the near term. However, the company remains well positioned for future growth based on successful partnerships and global distribution capability, along with a diverse product mix and initiatives undertaken to strengthen the retail market operations. Notably, the company’s acquisition of minority stake in alternative investment firms in 2016 is expected to add economic earnings of $0.50–$0.80 per share in 2017.” A number of other research analysts have also commented on AMG. Citigroup Inc. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Affiliated Managers Group in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. Jefferies Group reissued a “buy” rating and set a $192.00 price objective on shares of Affiliated Managers Group in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Credit Suisse Group reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Affiliated Managers Group in a report on Saturday, December 10th. Deutsche Bank AG lowered Affiliated Managers Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and lowered their price objective for the company from $159.00 to $132.00 in a report on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Capital One Financial Corporation reissued a “buy” rating and set a $188.00 price objective on shares of Affiliated Managers Group in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. Affiliated Managers Group has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $171.09. Affiliated Managers Group (NYSE:AMG) traded down 2.03% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $144.26. The company had a trading volume of 228,011 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average is $148.98 and its 200-day moving average is $144.30. The company has a market cap of $7.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.65 and a beta of 1.58. Affiliated Managers Group has a one year low of $115.97 and a one year high of $179.85. Affiliated Managers Group (NYSE:AMG) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, October 31st. The company reported $3.02 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $3.00 by $0.02. Affiliated Managers Group had a return on equity of 18.04% and a net margin of 21.10%. The company earned $613.10 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $565.44 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $2.93 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 11.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts predict that Affiliated Managers Group will post $12.79 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/09/affiliated-managers-group-inc-amg-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Director Dwight D. Churchill sold 3,125 shares of Affiliated Managers Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $160.23, for a total transaction of $500,718.75. Following the sale, the director now owns 6,667 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,068,253.41. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Sean M. Healey sold 62,000 shares of Affiliated Managers Group stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $154.84, for a total value of $9,600,080.00. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 122,292 shares in the company, valued at approximately $18,935,693.28. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 1.96% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Affiliated Managers Group by 1.7% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,739,377 shares of the company’s stock valued at $667,161,000 after buying an additional 78,317 shares during the period. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C increased its position in Affiliated Managers Group by 7.5% in the second quarter. Atlanta Capital Management Co. L L C now owns 1,844,648 shares of the company’s stock valued at $259,672,000 after buying an additional 129,121 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Affiliated Managers Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,393,889 shares of the company’s stock valued at $201,696,000 after buying an additional 13,644 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Affiliated Managers Group by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,252,544 shares of the company’s stock valued at $181,244,000 after buying an additional 36,345 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Affiliated Managers Group by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 908,109 shares of the company’s stock valued at $131,403,000 after buying an additional 40,449 shares during the period. 95.83% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About Affiliated Managers Group Affiliated Managers Group, Inc is an asset management company with equity investments in boutique investment management firms (Affiliates). The Company is focused on investing in the boutique investment management firms globally, including traditional, alternative and wealth management firms, specializing in an array of active return-oriented investment strategies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Affiliated Managers Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Alts Currency-Hedged Equities Fixed-Income New ETFs Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel 2017 Outlook Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2017 → January → U.S. Stock ETFs Dip as Energy Drags on Markets U.S. Stock ETFs Dip as Energy Drags on Markets January 9, 2017 at 1:43 pm by Max Chen U.S. equities and stock exchange traded funds retreated Monday as falling crude oil prices hit the energy sector, but technology stocks remained one area that avoided the storm. The S&P 500 Index, along with related funds including the SPDR S&P 500 ETF (NYSEArca: SPY), iShares Core S&P 500 ETF (NYSEArca: IVV) and Vanguard 500 Index (NYSEArca: VOO), were down 0.2% Monday. Meanwhile, the PowerShares QQQ (NasdaqGM: QQQ), which tracks the tech heavy Nasdaq-100 Index, continued to strengthen for its fifth consecutive session, rising 0.4% Monday. The energy sector led the market sell-off Monday as West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures declined 3.0% to $52.4 per barrel. Oil prices slipped after analysts pointed out that some were growing increasingly concerned over rig counts, which have risen for 10 consecutive weeks on the higher crude oil prices, reports Mike Bird for the Wall Street Journal. The market rally is beginning to lose momentum after surging since Donald Trump won the elections and promised to enact various expansionary economic policies. However, investors are now shifting their attention to the upcoming earnings season and stock valuations. “As we move into the next couple of weeks, the focus will move toward the micro and to specific company earnings and expectation going forward,” Matt Jones, U.S. head of equity strategy at J.P. Morgan Private Bank, told Reuters. Many anticipate the corporate earnings season to improve after a string of losses that contributed to a so-called earnings recession over previous quarters. The strengthening economy and rising oil prices helped support the outlook. “We’ve come a long ways in a hurry, and right now there is more good news than bad news priced into the market. We may be due for a breather with valuations at current levels,” John Brady, managing director at R.J. O’Brien & Associates, told MarketWatch. For more information on the markets, visit our S&P 500 category. Categories: Equities Tags: Current Affairs, IVV, Lead, NASDAQ, QQQ, S&P 500, SPY, VOO You might also like: Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules Emerging Market ETFs Are Making a Comeback Technology ETFs Could Maintain Their Momentum in 2017 An Important Season for Bank, Financial ETFs Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured Welcome to 2017: Trump Pushing Back on New Rules January 14, 2017 Equities The Power of Income in Our Current Environment January 14, 2017 Fixed-Income Death and Taxes: At Least One Is Still Certain January 14, 2017 Featured Advisors: The Number 1 Question You’ll Get From Clients and Prospects This Year January 15, 2017 Featured Money Really Can Buy Happiness! January 15, 2017 Featured Politics and Policy Uncertainties Are Likely to Sway the Markets in 2017 January 15, 2017 Featured How the Likely Tax Cuts Affect Your Gains and Losses January 15, 2017 Featured 5 Simple Money Hacks to Start 2017 Right January 14, 2017 Featured ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Ready to Rev Up in 2017? Operations as a Vehicle for Investment Success By Astor Investment Management Analyzing December Data Before Looking to the Year Ahead By Clark Capital Management 2017: The Next Chapter After a Remarkable 12 Months By Nottingham Advisors Reducing US Stocks to Bring Balanced Portfolios Closer to Long-Term Targets By Rod Smyth, RiverFront Investment Group About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT ETF Education Central ETF Analyzer ETF Resume Premium Membership ETF Trends Education Articles Index Category Highlights Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2016 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS &nbsp;
