Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stock Futures Indicate Higher Open  |  Novartis Q1 Mixed News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart News Forget About 'Spirits,' Trump Is Making Companies Even Less Willing To Invest A new survey of corporate finance officers finds that businesses continued to hoard cash in the first quarter, amid President Trump's inability to provide some clarity on taxes, regulations and federal investment. (dpa/picture-alliance/Newscom) JED GRAHAM 4/24/2017 Reprints Stumbles by President Trump and the GOP Congress are so far producing a more uncertain climate for business expansion than expected, leading companies to delay plans for deploying cash reserves. A new survey of corporate finance officers finds that businesses continued to hoard cash in the first quarter, despite their plans to the contrary. A net 15% of businesses grew their cash reserves, just one point lower than a year ago, despite expectations that a net 7% would put their cash to work, the quarterly report from the Association for Financial Professionals found. Still, the survey hints that while investment plans may have been curtailed or sidelined, and confidence may have been dented a bit, there's still a good deal of optimism about the Trump administration delivering on its economic promises. In the current quarter, a net 3% of firms expect to reduce cash levels. The survey largely reflects what JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Comerica (CMA) and other banks have said in recent weeks during earnings calls. Asked about a slowdown in commercial and industrial loans in the first quarter, JPMorgan CFO Marianne Lake acknowledged that "sequentially things are a bit quieter," while adding that the category was up 8% vs. a year ago. CEO Jamie Dimon noted that lending to middle-market companies "was slow, but it was OK." Ultimately, though, the banking giant, whose shares are listed on the Dow Jones industrial average, still expects that Trump's pro-growth policies will bear fruit. "We'll see that translate into loan growth," Lake said. "Whether that's in the second half of this year, we'll see." Earlier this year, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon had hailed Trump for reviving businesses' "animal spirits." But that doesn't seem to have translated into actual spending. IBD'S TAKE: The stock market was rocking and rolling on Monday in celebration of market-friendly weekend election results in France. But will it be enough to renew the market's uptrend? As of now, IBD classifies the uptrend as being "under pressure," a signal that investors should take extra caution when they buy stocks and be quick to cut losses. Read The Big Picture column each day to stay on top of the market's prevailing trend. Comerica noted a 44% increase in its loan pipeline, "reflective of the improving economy and anticipated changes coming out of Washington." "There is definitely a lot more optimism than we saw in the third quarter or fourth quarter of last year, even though some of that may have waned a little bit," said Comerica President Curtis Farmer, according to a Seeking Alpha transcript. While some clients may not follow through on those loan commitments, he said, "you have to assume a fair amount of the real book based on the sort of historical trends with our clients and the conversations that we've had." But US Bancorp (USB) noted last week that large companies are putting off big loans to wait for more clarity on taxes, regulations, infrastructure and trade. RELATED: Trump Surprises Sink Fed Expectations And Bank Stocks Why Trump's 'Wonderful' ObamaCare Plan Casts Doubt On 'Massive' Tax Cut JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news Stocks Surge On French Election; Volume So-So, But Breakouts Emerge 4/24/2017 The Dow and S&P 500 gapped above their 50-day moving averages, and the Nasdaq scored an all-time closing high, putting... 4/24/2017 The Dow and S&P 500 gapped above their 50-day moving... Breakout Watch: Top Financial Stock Jumps Back Into Buy Zone Nasdaq At New High; S&P 500, Dow Rise Back Above Key Level Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump French Election Ignites U.S. Stocks; Banks Lead; China-Based Stocks Mixed Dow, S&P 500, Nasdaq ETFs Catch Up With Small Caps, Foreign Markets Techs Hold Lead Late; Morgan Stanley Results Fail To Stir Financials Morgan Stanley Beats Estimates As Fixed-Income Revenue Doubles Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. MarketSmith Webinar Join us for a discussion about the current market and the behavior of leading stocks. Register now. Free IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Los Angeles (4/29) or Orlando (5/6) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News Ross Stores and other off-price retailers could be big winners from Macy's and J.C. Penney store closures. (Ross) These 3 Retailers Could Reap $1 Billion From J.C. Penney, Macy's Closings U.S. and European bank stocks spiked Monday after Emmanuel Macron, the pro-European Union candidate, emerged as the front-runner in France's elections. (AP) U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Operation Homefront Presents Cornerstone Award to Rusty Smallwood of JPMorgan Chase Operation Homefront Presents Cornerstone Award to Rusty Smallwood of JPMorgan Chase Posted on April 24, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. “As a firm, we’re committed to giving back to the men and women who served and to helping empower our service members and veterans for success in their civilian lives.” SAN ANTONIO (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Rusty Smallwood, Real Estate Owned Military Donations Team Manager for JPMorgan Chase (Center) receives the Operation Homefront Cornerstone Award from John Pray, President and CEO, Operation Homefront (far right) for his contributions to the national nonprofit’s mission to build strong, stable, and secure military families. Smallwood is accompanied by his wife, Pat Smallwood (far left.) “JPMorgan Chase has long supported our service members and veterans. As part of their deep appreciation of our military community, they committed to providing 1,000 mortgage-free homes to veteran families. They selected Operation Homefront as a strategic housing partner and under Rusty Smallwood’s visionary leadership, we have made the dream of home ownership a reality for well over 400 deserving military families. All agree, Rusty’s remarkable work in support of our “Homes on the Homefront” program has allowed us to help our military families thrive, not simply struggle to get by, in the communities they have worked so hard to protect.” said retired Brig. Gen. John I. Pray, Jr., president & CEO of Operation Homefront (far right). ”It’s a great honor to be recognized by our partners at Operation Homefront, but frankly, it’s a great privilege just to the do the work we do day in and day out in providing veterans and their families with their forever homes,” said JPMorgan Chase’s Real Estate Owned Military Donations Team Manager Rusty Smallwood (Center). “As a firm, we’re committed to giving back to the men and women who served and to helping empower our service members and veterans for success in their civilian lives.” ### Founded in 2002, Operation Homefront is a national nonprofit organization whose mission is to build strong, stable, and secure military families so that they can thrive – not simply struggle to get by – in the communities they have worked so hard to protect. Recognized for superior performance by leading independent charity oversight groups, 92 percent of Operation Homefront expenditures go directly to programs that support tens of thousands of military families each year. Operation Homefront provides critical financial assistance, transitional and permanent housing and family support services to prevent short-term needs from turning into chronic, long-term struggles. Thanks to the generosity of our donors and the support from thousands of volunteers, Operation Homefront proudly serves America’s military families. For more information, visit http://www.OperationHomefront.org For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14272069.htm Latest News Yein Dental Ltd provides the best dental care equipment for your clinic Clothing Store Owner, Alan Au Provides Tips on Dressing for Success During an Interview Gilbane Building Company Moves to a New Office in the Heart of Downtown Columbus Kendrick Lamar Tickets: Ticket Down Discounts Ticket Prices for Kendrick Lamar’s “The Damn.” Tour CDA Brings Artistic Techniques to Correct Botched Cosmetic Dental Work Operation Homefront Presents Cornerstone Award to Rusty Smallwood of JPMorgan Chase Leading Appliance Retailer AJ Madison Debuts Informative Expert Roundup Article Entitled “The Top 75 Green Living Blogs for an Eco-Conscious Lifestyle” INSP Renews Affiliation Agreement with NCTC Austal Delivers Eighth Expeditionary Fast Transport, USNS Yuma, to U.S. Navy Reputable Nurse Educator Daria U. Amato, RN, CNE, MSN, will be Highlighted in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest An omnichannel overhaul in 5 steps How high-school branches extended Union Bank's minority reach When there's too much month at the end of the money Big banks take on ultimate omnichannel challenge: Mobile mortgages Regionals’ coping strategy: Cost-cutting, innovation, a lot of patience search goes here An omnichannel overhaul in 5 steps By Penny Crosman Published April 24 2017, 2:07pm EDT More in Mobile banking Online banking Branch banking Bank technology U.S. Bank Bank of Montreal JPMorgan Chase USAA Print Email Reprints Share Share on U.S. Bank and Bank of Montreal have begun multiyear overhauls of their websites, mobile apps, call centers and ATMs. Each recently gave American Banker an in-depth look at its efforts to modernize and unify these nonbranch retail channels and explained its thinking. Other banks, including JPMorgan Chase and USAA, have been undergoing similar remakes. The main goal is obvious: promote growth by making customers happy. And making customers happy happens through listening and constant tinkering. “A bank app is not Netflix, it’s not entertainment,” said Gareth Gaston, executive vice president of omnichannel at U.S. Bank, a unit of U.S. Bancorp in Minneapolis. “It’s a utility to help you get whatever you need done, done … as quickly as possible.” Several common themes underlie these projects. Fix what’s broken. Both U.S. Bank and Toronto-based BMO are starting with the “dissatisfiers” — the things that vex customers or make them give up on one channel (say, mobile) and switch to another (such as the call center). JPMorgan also made this part of its approach when it rewrote its mobile app last year. Keeping it simple “I haven’t earned the right to delight you until I’ve simplified the experience,” Niti Badarinath, BMO’s head of North American channels, says in describing the glitches that prompt mobile customers to get frustrated. “First I have to focus on simplicity and removing dissatisfiers, because I haven’t earned the right to delight you until I’ve simplified the experience,” said Niti Badarinath, BMO’s head of North American channels. “The reason people change channels midsession and midtransaction is because something is broken, confusing or not there.” This approach is logical but sometimes overlooked. “If you try to go forward with too many broken pieces, you could end up throwing away a lot of good work, investments into all kinds of technology that may or may not be the right ones for you,” said Jacob Jegher, a senior vice president and banking expert at Javelin Strategy & Research. BMO is using analytics to understand where break points occur and why customers change channels — which hurts efficiency and net promoter scores. For the first two years of this project, the bank will work to simplify transfers between accounts, bill payments, goal-oriented savings and other services. Eventually it will use predictive analytics to shepherd customers along their financial journeys. Make incremental enhancements. Gaston prefers the term “continuous improvement” to describe U.S. Bank’s project. “It’s not just fix what’s broken, because it’s not necessarily ‘broken,’ ” he said. “We’ve got changing customer expectations we’re keeping up with. The customer’s expectation is set by the latest iOS upgrade or what Amazon has brought to life in their experience.” U.S. Bank’s mobile app was improved 27 times in the past two years, with the help of so-called agile development methods. BMO also has adopted agile development. “Gone are the days when our tech people took months and months and built detailed requirements,” Badarinath said. Authentication is a prime example. The top thing U.S. Bank customers ask for is an easy yet secure way to log in to online and mobile banking. “What happens frequently is customers forget their passwords, so we we’ve done many things to make that process easier,” Gaston said. In the mobile app, customers can use their fingerprint so they do not have to remember their passwords. For person-to-person payments, the bank will text a PIN so, again, the customer does not have to remember anything. For times when customers have to reset passwords, the bank has streamlined the process. It has built tools for call center agents and branch bankers to reset and reissue passwords, too. “That would be an example of listening to customer feedback, implementing it quickly, and not just implementing it in digital but across all channels,” Gaston said. U.S. Bank is also implementing a common authentication platform that will let it plug any type of authentication — fingerprint, eye, voice or facial recognition — into any channel. The platform comes from a vendor Gaston declined to name. Create a “unified customer experience.” For years, banks have talked about having a consistent experience across mobile apps, websites, branches, ATMs, video kiosks, call centers and text messages. Yet you would not want to talk with a teller the same way you tap on a mobile app or withdraw cash from an ATM. At BMO, the mandate is to improve customer experience for the bank’s U.S. and Canadian wealth and retail clients and serve them as one bank, according to Badarinath. “Anytime I spend money building something, in year two, it will be expanded to cover the entire bank,” he said. BMO is concentrating first on its digital channels, because it perceives that customers increasingly want to begin and end their sales journeys on mobile devices. This fits with recent Javelin research that found most consumers would prefer to apply for credit cards in digital channels: 48% said online, 13% mobile, and 34% said they would prefer a branch. For a checking account it was 41% online, 8% mobile and 49% in a branch. Today, only 8% of successful applications start and finish in a smartphone or tablet. “An abysmal 67% finish the process in another channel,” Jegher said. Last year BMO rolled out an eight-minute mobile account opening process for deposit accounts and cards in Canada. Now it wants to bring that to the United States. Yet digital is not the sole answer, U.S. Bank’s Gaston cautioned. “The customer wants great digital tools and a great digital experience,” he said, “but they also want a great branch experience and a great contact center experience and a great ATM experience. We can't leave some channels behind.” For example, U.S. Bank is piloting mobile appointment scheduling for branch visits in Denver and getting customer feedback before taking it national. Establish an innovation team. At U.S. Bank, an innovation team led by Dominic Venturo helps Gaston’s group roll out new technology. “He will skate further ahead and look at trends and develop more future-oriented things, so he’s way ahead right now thinking about augmented reality and artificial intelligence,” Gaston said. Venturo’s group tests new technologies and gets market reaction to them. Gaston’s team figures out how to bring them to market in a big way. “That’s a great model because it’s hard to execute today and tomorrow and also be thinking about next year,” Gaston said. “Dominic and his team are free to think ahead without being burdened by today.” BMO has a group whose job is to look for interesting fintechs the bank can partner with to augment his group’s work. “We acknowledge that not all good ideas come from within the bank,” Badarinath said. Some stem from relationships with accelerators like Plug and Play and Communitech. Test emerging technologies. BMO is experimenting with the use of beacons in branches to recognize customers coming in, new methods of authentication and other products. It is thinking about presenting offers from geocoded merchants using location information and about location-aware fraud mitigation “where we know where you are because we know where the phone is,” Badarinath said. And it is exploring options for using chatbots to let people use text messages to request and perform transactions. Gaston envisions using augmented reality to help customers who want to purchase a car, a house or a boat understand their options. He foresees using machine learning in the bank’s decisions about online accounts. “Quite often you say no when you’d like to say yes, and sometimes you say yes when you should have said no, and there’s learning there,” Gaston said. “I see it in sales, in service, learning what patterns customers go through when they’re requesting help or information, and getting them that information quicker.” U.S. Bank has been testing voice banking for several years. “I’m a big Alexa fan, [and] I do think voice will be big in our future,” Gaston said. “The idea that I can say, ‘What’s my bank balance?’ or ‘Send the babysitter $20,’ it’s such an easy and seamless way of banking. It’s rapidly becoming something customers will expect from any company.” U.S. Bank also experiments with chatbots. “I think we’re a few years off discussing our wealth management needs with a robot," Gaston said, "but never say never.” Editor at Large Penny Crosman welcomes feedback at penny.crosman@sourcemedia.com. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Penny Crosman Penny Crosman is Editor at Large at American Banker. More from this Author How is ATM fraud still a thing? Alleged NSA hack of Swift service bureau revives ‘back door’ debate Swift exec Marjan Delatinne defects to Ripple Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan just announced a big shakeup in its trading business Steve Slater, Reuters Apr. 24, 2017, 10:31 AM 3,162 facebook linkedin twitter email print via eBay JPMorgan has hired Matt Mallgrave from Credit Suisse to head its cash equities trading in the Americas and made several other senior staff changes as part of a push to strengthen in cash equities. JPMorgan has said it wants to expand in cash equities, which is the only major area of investment banking it is not in the top three positions, according to analysis firm Coalition. Coalition ranks it between four and six in the business. JPMorgan said on Monday Mallgrave will join in June from Credit Suisse, where he was head of Americas equity flow trading since April 2016. He was previously at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, where he had senior roles in cash equities in the US and Asia. The bank said Dennis Fitzgerald, previously global co-head of cash equities trading, will become sole head of the business. His previous co-head, Luiz de Salvo, will relocate to London and become head of EMEA cash equity sales and trading. Tim Johnston will continue as head of EMEA Cash Equity Trading, reporting to de Salvo locally and to Fitzgerald globally. Mallgrave will report to Fitzgerald. JPMorgan had to adjust its senior equities team in September after Tim Throsby, its head of equities, left to run Barclays' corporate and business bank. The US bank named Jason Sippel and Mark Leung as co-heads of equities, and made a series of other appointments, including making Fitzgerald and de Salvo co-heads of cash equities trading. Throsby built up JPMorgan's equities business, including cash equities, where it was late to invest in its electronic trading platform. The bank is in the top three for equities, helped by leading positions in derivatives, but said it needs to continue its push in cash equities to break into the top three - - currently Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The bank announced other changes. Michael Bossidy, previously head of equities sales for the Americas, will expand his role to become head of cash equity sales globally. Ryan Holsheimer, previously head of cash equity sales for Asia-Pacific, will become head of cash equity sales and trading for the region. On the derivatives side, Bregje de Best and Sreenivas Jayaraman will expand their roles to become co-heads of APAC equity derivatives sales and marketing. Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Germany's cabinet has approved a plan to fine social media companies up to €50 million over hate speech (FB) Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode NOW WATCH: Scott Galloway: The big 4 have created enormous wealth by tapping into our most basic instincts Loading video... More: JPMorgan Trading Moves facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan just announced a big shakeup in its trading business JPMorgan just announced a big shakeup in its trading business JPMorgan has hired Matt Mallgrave from Credit... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store BREAKING: Stock Futures Indicate Higher Open  |  Novartis' Q1 Mixed Research Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart IBD Industry Themes U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump U.S. and European bank stocks spiked Monday after Emmanuel Macron, the pro-European Union candidate, emerged as the front-runner in France's elections. (AP) BILL PETERS 4/24/2017 Reprints U.S. and European bank stocks spiked Monday as the French presidential election eased fears, triggering broad stock market gains, higher bond yields and increased odds for a Federal Reserve rate hike. JPMorgan Chase (JPM) closed 3.5% higher on the stock market today. Citigroup (C), which has a large base of operations internationally, advanced 3%. Bank of America (BAC) popped 4%. Goldman Sachs (GS) rallied 2.9%. JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America and Goldman Sachs all remained below their 50-day moving average. Among European banks, the gains were far more pronounced. Deutsche Bank (DB), which has been hurt by litigation and still-open wounds in Europe's own economy, surged 11%. Barclays (BCS) jumped 5.9%. France's CAC index jumped 4.1% to finish at the highest level in nine years, while the Dow industrials rose 1% and the Nasdaq composite hit an all-time high. The lift came after the first round of French elections put Emmanuel Macron, the centrist candidate, narrowly ahead of Marine Le Pen, who has campaigned on a hard-right, anti-EU platform with nationalistic, anti-immigrant strains similar to those that helped carry President Trump to victory in the U.S. Macron and Le Pen now advance to a May 7 runoff. Macron, who has never been elected but is pushing a pro-reform agenda, is heavily favored. However, so was Hillary Clinton in the U.S., and many did not expect the United Kingdom to vote in favor of leaving the EU last year. But Macron appears to have a lead of more than 20 points vs. Le Pen. The outcome, Wall Street seems to think, could have been worse. A runoff between Le Pen and Jean-Luc Melenchon — a far-left candidate who also wanted to shake up France's relationship with the EU and tax the wealthy at 100% — would have triggered concerns about France's future in the euro and European Union even as the U.K. begins what could be an ugly divorce from the bloc. Meanwhile, the odds for a rate hike from the Federal Reserve by the June meeting jumped to 66% on Monday, up from 53% on Friday. The 10-year Treasury yield, a longer-term measure of inflation expectations, rose 5 basis points to 2.29% Monday morning. The European Central Bank may feel more comfortable about winding down its quantitative easing program earlier if Macron wins the French presidency. Morgan Stanley (MS) rallied 4.2%, while Wells Fargo (WFC) added 1.2%. Regional banks were strong too, with Comerica (CMA) up 2%. RELATED: JPMorgan CEO Signals Patience As Trump's Growth Agenda Stalls Goldman Sacked: Wall Street Giant Blames Politics For Trading Woes   BILL PETERS | Facebook | @IBD_BPeters Share this: Related news Stocks Surge On French Election; Volume So-So, But Breakouts Emerge 4/24/2017 The Dow and S&P 500 gapped above their 50-day moving averages, and the Nasdaq scored an all-time closing high, putting... 4/24/2017 The Dow and S&P 500 gapped above their 50-day moving... Breakout Watch: Top Financial Stock Jumps Back Into Buy Zone Nasdaq At New High; S&P 500, Dow Rise Back Above Key Level Forget About 'Spirits,' Trump Is Making Companies Even Less Willing To Invest Banks And Financial Stocks: Latest News And Analysis Goldman Sachs, Banks Surge After French Election; Nasdaq At Record High U.S. Stocks Ride France Card; Morgan Stanley, Caterpillar Up French Election Ignites U.S. Stocks; Banks Lead; China-Based Stocks Mixed Industry News And Stocks To Watch Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. MarketSmith Webinar Join us for a discussion about the current market and the behavior of leading stocks. Register now. Free IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Los Angeles (4/29) or Orlando (5/6) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News Ross Stores and other off-price retailers could be big winners from Macy's and J.C. Penney store closures. (Ross) These 3 Retailers Could Reap $1 Billion From J.C. Penney, Macy's Closings U.S. and European bank stocks spiked Monday after Emmanuel Macron, the pro-European Union candidate, emerged as the front-runner in France's elections. (AP) U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump The Direxion Leveraged ETF Online Education Center helps you understand if leveraged ETFs are suitable for you. Promoted Content By Direxion Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wintrust Financial Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AmeriServ Financial, Inc. (ASRV) Upgraded at TheStreet COBHAM (CBHMY) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Astronics Co. (ATRO) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Raymond James Financial, Inc. Begins Coverage on Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Maxim Group Analysts Give Brainstorm Cell Therapeutics Inc (BCLI) a $8.00 Price Target Columbus Circle Investors Has $9.992 Million Stake in Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (LXRX) Boys Arnold & Co. Inc. Has $775,000 Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Insider Selling: Health Insurance Innovations Inc (HIIQ) Ceo Of Healthpocket And Consumer Division Sells $224,347.50 in Stock Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (ALXN) Shares Bought by Columbus Circle Investors Ocular Therapeutix Inc (OCUL) Shares Bought by Columbus Circle Investors Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Stake Increased by Columbus Circle Investors Ability Inc (ABIL) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research ESCO Technologies Inc. (ESE) Shares Sold by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Allergan plc (AGN) Position Held by Bollard Group LLC Inter Parfums, Inc. (IPAR) Shares Sold by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Guaranty Bancorp (GBNK) Position Cut by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) Position Decreased by Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Rice Hall James & Associates LLC Decreases Position in US Foods Holding Corp (USFD) Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Ledyard National Bank USANA Health Sciences (USNA) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.56 Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Stake Increased by Columbus Circle Investors April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Columbus Circle Investors boosted its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC) by 12.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 142,212 shares of the bank’s stock after buying an additional 15,576 shares during the period. Columbus Circle Investors’ holdings in Wintrust Financial Corp were worth $9,830,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp by 110.9% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 67,875 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $4,926,000 after buying an additional 35,686 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp by 23.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 175,053 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $9,727,000 after buying an additional 32,890 shares during the period. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp by 1.0% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 426,164 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $23,682,000 after buying an additional 4,047 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp by 230.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 215,276 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $11,963,000 after buying an additional 150,206 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Wintrust Financial Corp by 4.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 232,353 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $12,912,000 after buying an additional 10,152 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 93.59% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC) traded up 3.42% on Monday, hitting $72.65. 56,673 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $3.81 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.33 and a beta of 0.89. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $69.47 and its 200-day moving average is $67.08. Wintrust Financial Corp has a 1-year low of $46.62 and a 1-year high of $76.71. Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 18th. The bank reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.90 by $0.10. Wintrust Financial Corp had a net margin of 18.18% and a return on equity of 8.80%. The company had revenue of $261.35 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $268.40 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.90 EPS. Analysts forecast that Wintrust Financial Corp will post $4.04 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Stake Increased by Columbus Circle Investors” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/wintrust-financial-corp-wtfc-stake-increased-by-columbus-circle-investors.html. A number of brokerages recently commented on WTFC. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wintrust Financial Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $83.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “buy” rating and set a $74.00 price objective on shares of Wintrust Financial Corp in a report on Thursday. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $80.00 price objective on shares of Wintrust Financial Corp in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, two have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. Wintrust Financial Corp presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $71.00. In related news, insider Timothy Crane sold 2,959 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, January 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.59, for a total transaction of $211,834.81. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 15,888 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,137,421.92. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider David L. Larson sold 2,040 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.57, for a total transaction of $148,042.80. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 9,708 shares in the company, valued at approximately $704,509.56. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 19,882 shares of company stock worth $1,433,835 in the last quarter. 2.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Wintrust Financial Corp Company Profile Wintrust Financial Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its businesses through three segments: community banking, specialty finance and wealth management. The Company offers community banking services to individuals, small to mid-sized businesses, local governmental units and institutional clients. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WTFC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wintrust Financial Corp (NASDAQ:WTFC). Receive News & Ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wintrust Financial Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood Mindsport Life Coach When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Get her look Zapped by Apps Hard Drive On The Road Food and Dining Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Personal Trainer People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report EDUGUIDE Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Saudi Arabia Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Saudi Arabia Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Region > Saudi Arabia HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO Reuters/Hong Kong Filed on April 24, 2017 | Last updated on April 24, 2017 at 04.18 pm Share More > Vote (Reuters) Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal. HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion (78.03 billion pounds) and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. Share More > Vote MORE FROM Region Saudi Arabia HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco... Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and... READ MORE Oman Oman hikes visit visa fee People travelling from Iran, India, Russia and China will be granted... READ MORE Aviation US is not the entire world: Qatar Airways CEO Uncertainty about travel to the United States is "affecting the... READ MORE Dubai Syrian expat chef credits Dubai for her success For Alia Adi, cooking means potentially big business with lucrative... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Dubai Breaking: Power failure in Dubai Mall Cause of the power failure is not known. READ MORE General Visa waiver for UAE nationals visiting Japan The registered passport will be returned the next working day. READ MORE General Vegetables, fruits from these countries banned in ... As of May 15, the products will be banned from entering the UAE. READ MORE Aviation Five tricks to book the cheapest tickets out of... With a little prudence, you can save a pocket-full READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /region/saudi-arabia/hsbc-wins-mandate-on-100-billion-saudi-aramco-ipo---ceo macro_action: article, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Nation Pay Dh100,000 fine for breaking this rule in Dubai 43408 views | 3 April 2017 General Woman rushed to emergency room after henna burns hands 32010 views | 23 April 2017 Dubai How to get residence visa for your parents in UAE 29711 views | 24 April 2017 Weather UAE to explore innovative rain-inducing concept to solve water scarcity 29002 views | 24 April 2017 Dubai 10 UAE government jobs that expats can apply 24123 views | 24 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Two Emirati women file case to become men 23649 views | 22 April 2017 Aviation UAE flyer alert: 10 things you can and can't carry on a plane 21540 views | 23 April 2017 Real Estate Dubai rental market close to bottoming out 20532 views | 22 April 2017 Sharjah Three Pakistanis rescued from drowning in Sharjah 19360 views | 22 April 2017 Nation Do you drive this vehicle in UAE? Here's a special rule for you 18929 views | 23 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah UAE inspector rescues woman, daughter from drowning 14353 views | 24 April 2017 India 95% engineers in India unfit for software development jobs 13826 views | 23 April 2017 Aviation Five tricks to book the cheapest tickets out of Dubai 12374 views | 24 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah RAK police clears debts of 31 prisoners 11461 views | 23 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Abu Dhabi named 'safest city in the world' 11332 views | 22 April 2017 International Visa-free entry for Indians, UAE nationals in this country 166 votes | 18 April 2017 International Vijay Mallya gets bail hours after being arrested in London 90 votes | 18 April 2017 Mobiles 8 surprises to expect in the new Apple iPhone 68 votes | 18 April 2017 VAT in UAE You need to demand a raise; VAT's got everything to do with it 63 votes | 21 April 2017 International Shark kills teenager as parents watch 62 votes | 18 April 2017 Local Business UAE expats to pay more for sending money home 61 votes | 17 April 2017 Ras Al Khaimah 1,100 residents fined for this offence in UAE 49 votes | 18 April 2017 Crime Man sexually assaults 9-year-old after finding her alone 41 votes | 18 April 2017 Dubai These nationalities cause maximum accidents in Dubai 38 votes | 20 April 2017 General Video: Sheikh Hamdan pilots chopper over Dubai 35 votes | 18 April 2017 Abu Dhabi Boy drowns in UAE water canal while playing 30 votes | 17 April 2017 Hollywood Angelina Jolie to marry for fourth time? 28 votes | 21 April 2017 Nation (photos) UAE royal family members attend mass wedding 25 votes | 19 April 2017 Sharjah Video: Firefighters contain blaze in Sharjah mall 24 votes | 21 April 2017 Business UAE jobseekers: Good days ahead 24 votes | 17 April 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Gold/Forex Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rentokil Initial plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rentokil Initial plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194 SK Telecom Co Ltd (SKM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ImmuPharma PLC (IMM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Senior plc (SNR) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Acquires 44 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Macquarie Group Ltd. Maintains Stake in PolyOne Co. (POL) 58.com Inc (WUBA) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Position Reduced by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Teachers Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) PT Raised to GBX 660 at HSBC Holdings plc Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rentokil Initial plc (LON:RTO) had its price target raised by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 185 ($2.33) to GBX 194 ($2.44) in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The firm presently has an “underweight” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential downside of 18.90% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts have also issued reports on RTO. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price target on Rentokil Initial plc from GBX 255 ($3.21) to GBX 270 ($3.40) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating and set a GBX 229 ($2.88) price target on shares of Rentokil Initial plc in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on Rentokil Initial plc from GBX 250 ($3.15) to GBX 260 ($3.27) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 13th. Citigroup Inc raised Rentokil Initial plc to a “neutral” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 145 ($1.83) to GBX 240 ($3.02) in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada increased their target price on Rentokil Initial plc from GBX 260 ($3.27) to GBX 270 ($3.40) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 248.11 ($3.12). Shares of Rentokil Initial plc (LON:RTO) opened at 241.80 on Thursday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.41 billion. Rentokil Initial plc has a one year low of GBX 164.00 and a one year high of GBX 253.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 245.63 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 228.96. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 2.38 ($0.03) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This is a positive change from Rentokil Initial plc’s previous dividend of $0.99. This represents a yield of 1.01%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/rentokil-initial-plc-rto-pt-raised-to-gbx-194.html. Rentokil Initial plc Company Profile Rentokil Initial plc is a commercial pest control company. The Company is engaged in the provision of route-based services, which protect people and enhance lives. The Company’s segments include Europe, UK & Rest of World, Asia, North America, Pacific, and Central and regional. The Company’s business categories include Pest Control, Hygiene, Workwear and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Rentokil Initial plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rentokil Initial plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 131,658 Shares in Chevron Co. (CVX) Acquired by Empire Life Investments Inc. AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Horizon Kinetics LLC First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA Has $1.917 Million Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Rating Reiterated by Stephens Needham & Company LLC Lowers ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Price Target to $24.00 IDEX Co. (IEX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Argus Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Energen (EGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for First Hawaiian (FHB) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal Weight Rating for Camden Property Trust (CPT) Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give CST Brands Inc (CST) a $49.00 Price Target Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Raised to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $283,000 Position in Cowen Group Inc (COWN) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA Has $1.917 Million Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA cut its stake in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 22,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 119 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. makes up approximately 2.4% of First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position. First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $1,917,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. Empirical Finance LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $144,000. Hemenway Trust Co LLC acquired a new position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $146,000. Finally, Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 82.2% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 2,217 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $147,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 84.52 on Monday. The stock has a market cap of $300.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.01 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12 month low of $57.05 and a 12 month high of $93.98. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $88.24 and a 200-day moving average price of $82.67. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a net margin of 23.45% and a return on equity of 10.91%. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.35 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.58 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a $0.50 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, April 4th. This is an increase from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.37%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is 31.02%. WARNING: “First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA Has $1.917 Million Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/first-commonwealth-financial-corp-pa-has-1-917-million-stake-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several research firms have recently issued reports on JPM. Nomura reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $83.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Monday, April 17th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $47.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Friday, April 14th. Sandler O’Neill reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $89.00 target price on JPMorgan Chase & Co. and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, CLSA reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $79.00 target price on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating, eighteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $79.03. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, Director James S. Crown bought 11,500 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 299,862 shares in the company, valued at approximately $25,632,203.76. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, General Counsel Stacey Friedman sold 10,792 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $85.07, for a total transaction of $918,075.44. Following the completion of the sale, the general counsel now owns 63,344 shares in the company, valued at $5,388,674.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rogers Communications Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rogers Communications Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. Analysts Issue Forecasts for DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for e.l.f. Beauty Inc Issued By SunTrust Banks (ELF) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Raised by Analyst Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Raised by Analyst (GILD) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Marcus Corp Lifted by Barrington Research (MCS) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Surge Energy Inc (SGY) PT Raised to C$3.25 Opsens Inc. (OPS) PT Set at C$2.00 by Royal Bank of Canada CLSA Upgrades James Hardie Industries plc (JHX) to Outperform Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday AbbVie Inc (ABBV) PT Set at $71.00 by Leerink Swann Timmins Gold Corp.’s (TMM) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at Clarus Securities JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - CA - Finance Tweet Rogers Communications Inc. (TSE:RCI.B) (NYSE:RCI) had its price target upped by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from C$60.00 to C$62.00 in a research note released on Wednesday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has a neutral rating on the stock. RCI.B has been the topic of several other research reports. Royal Bank of Canada lowered Rogers Communications from an outperform rating to a sector perform rating and dropped their target price for the stock from C$56.00 to C$55.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Desjardins upped their target price on Rogers Communications from C$57.50 to C$59.00 and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Scotiabank reiterated an outperform rating and set a C$60.00 target price on shares of Rogers Communications in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Barclays PLC upped their target price on Rogers Communications from C$55.00 to C$57.00 and gave the stock an equal weight rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, CIBC lowered Rogers Communications from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of C$61.27. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-rogers-communications-inc-rci-b-price-target-to-c62-00.html. Rogers Communications Company Profile Rogers Communications Inc is a communications and media company. The Company provides wireless communications services, and cable television, Internet, information technology (IT) and telephony services to consumers and businesses. Its segments include Wireless, Cable, Business Solutions and Media. The Wireless segment is engaged in wireless telecommunications operations for Canadian consumers and businesses. Receive News & Ratings for Rogers Communications Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rogers Communications Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HeidelbergCement AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HeidelbergCement AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Timmins Gold Corp. Raised by Analyst (TMM) ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €16.40 by Jefferies Group LLC HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Taseko Mines Ltd (TKO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €69.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €110.00 Price Target Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Lowered by Seaport Global Securities Wayfair Inc (W) Shares Down 5.4% on Insider Selling EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd -‘s (YIN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Rambus Inc. (RMBS) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Kura Oncology Inc (KURA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Upgraded at TheStreet Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sandvine Co. (SVC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.52 Per Share HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €87.00 ($94.57) price target on HeidelbergCement AG (ETR:HEI) in a report published on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €103.00 ($111.96) price target on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, January 6th. DZ Bank AG reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of HeidelbergCement AG in a report on Friday, January 20th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €117.00 ($127.17) price target on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. Berenberg Bank set a €103.00 ($111.96) price target on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 10th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €108.00 ($117.39) price target on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company. HeidelbergCement AG presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €91.40 ($99.35). HeidelbergCement AG (ETR:HEI) opened at 87.988 on Wednesday. HeidelbergCement AG has a 12 month low of €65.23 and a 12 month high of €94.42. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €87.66 and a 200 day moving average of €87.00. The stock has a market cap of €17.46 billion and a PE ratio of 24.047. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/heidelbergcement-ag-hei-pt-set-at-87-00-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About HeidelbergCement AG Heidelbergcement AG is a Germany-based building materials company. Its products are used for the construction of houses, infrastructure and commercial and industrial facilities. The Company operates through for segments: Cements, Aggregates, Ready-Mixed Concrete-Asphalt and Service- Joint Ventures – Other. Receive News & Ratings for HeidelbergCement AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HeidelbergCement AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Oil edges up after six straight sessions of losses Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Commodities | Tue Apr 25, 2017 | 2:54am EDT Oil edges up after six straight sessions of losses A pump jack and pipes are seen on an oil field near Bakersfield on a foggy day, California January 18, 2015. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson By Henning Gloystein | SINGAPORE SINGAPORE Oil prices recovered some ground on Tuesday, halting six consecutive sessions of slide, but markets remain under pressure as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures CLc1 had added 14 cents, or 0.3 percent, by 0640 GMT (2:40 a.m. ET), but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.37 a barrel. Brent crude LCOc1 rose 14 cents, or 0.27 percent, to $51.74 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 percent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavor to balance the oil market". JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve DUB-SIN-REF GL92-SIN-CRK. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin and Subhranshu Sahu) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Commodities London Metal Exchange to delay launch of precious metal contracts LONDON The launch of the London Metal Exchange's new precious metals contracts will be delayed until July 10, more than a month later than previously announced, it said on Monday. China March coal imports from Russia jump after North Korea ban: customs BEIJING China's coal imports from Russia jumped to their highest in nearly three years in March, customs data showed on Tuesday, as the world's top buyer turned to alternative suppliers following its ban on imports from North Korea in February. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Oil edges up after six straight sessions of losses By Reuters Published: 23:19 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 02:55 EDT, 25 April 2017 e-mail By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE, April 25 (Reuters) - Oil prices recovered some ground on Tuesday, halting six consecutive sessions of slide, but markets remain under pressure as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures had added 14 cents, or 0.3 percent, by 0640 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.37 a barrel. Brent crude rose 14 cents, or 0.27 percent, to $51.74 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 percent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavour to balance the oil market". JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve &lt;DUB-SIN-REF> &lt;GL92-SIN-CRK>. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin and Subhranshu Sahu) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Latest News Dow 20,764 +216.13 +1.05% Nasdaq 5,984 +73.30 +1.24% S&P 500 2,374 +25.46 +1.08% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,461.73 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens 2 points higher at 5,270.73 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally higher at 7,267.91 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally higher at 386.24 2:53 A.M. ET Marine Le Pen steps down as leader of National Front, for now 2:47 A.M. ET STV CEO Woodward to leave; says trading in line 2:45 A.M. ET Ericsson logs hefty loss on write-downs 2:44 A.M. ET Amec Foster Wheeler loss widens on oil decline 2:43 A.M. ET LVMH to pay €6 bln for full control of Dior unit 2:41 A.M. ET Whitbread lifts dividend as full-year profit rises 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Emmanuel Macron: 5 things to know about the man poised to be France’s president 2:00 A.M. ET Dutch recruiter Randstad posts higher earnings 1:59 A.M. ET Swedbank posts rise in net profit 1:59 A.M. ET Updated Novartis profit falls on drug failure charge 1:58 A.M. ET SAP net profit falls 9%, weighed by expenses 1:26 A.M. ET Oil rises as bargain hunters snap to attention 1:02 A.M. ET Three infrastructure stocks to buy — regardless of Trump’s spending plans 12:10 A.M. ET Updated This trick may help college students avoid stress, depression and hangovers 12:09 A.M. ET Updated How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red 12:09 A.M. ET Updated After Juicero, here are 10 crazy expensive foods you should make — NOT buy Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Dow closes up more than 200 points as French vote triggers relief rally By Wallace Witkowski and Ryan Vlastelica Published: Apr 24, 2017 4:34 p.m. ET Share Nasdaq closes at record high Reuters Centrist Emmanuel Macron in a celebratory mood on Sunday. By WallaceWitkowski Reporter RyanVlastelica Markets reporter U.S. stocks rallied to finish higher Monday, with major indexes advancing more than 1% and the tech-heavy Nasdaq scoring a record high close following a strong showing by centrist Emmanuel Macron in the French presidential election, which averted fears of a euroskeptic-only runoff. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +1.05% jumped 216.13 points, or 1.1%, to close at 20,763.89, led by a 3.5% surge in shares of J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, +3.53%  and a 2.9% jump in Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, +2.93%   The S&P 500 SPX, +1.08% surged 25.46 points, or 1.1%, to 2,374.15, with nine of the index’s 11 sectors trading higher, led by a 2.2% gain in financials, its biggest one-day pop since March 1, and a 1.3% rise in both industrial and tech stocks. The biggest laggard on the session was real estate, which lost 0.9%. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +1.24% finished up 73.30 points, or 1.2%, to a record close at 5,983.82, after reaching an all-time high of 5,989.92 earlier in the session. Read: After 17 years S&P 500 tech sector finally regains lost ground Perceived safe-haven assets like gold, the Japanese yen, and U.S. Treasurys all fell on the day. In a manifestation of relief, the CBOE Volatility Index VIX, -25.91% or VIX, often known as Wall Street’s “fear gauge,” dropped more than 25% to below 11, its largest one-day percentage drop since August 9, 2011. See: VIX ‘fear gauge’ plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Macron led the field in the first round of the French presidential election on Sunday with 23.9% of the vote, ahead of far-right euroskeptic candidate Marine Le Pen with 21.4%. The two will now face off in the final round May 7. A poll late Sunday from Ipsos/Sopra Steria showed Macron leading Le Pen, 62% to 38%. Read: 4 things investors need to know about France’s presidential runoff Macron advancing to the runoff gave investors an opportunity to cross another market overhang off their list of fears, said Karyn Cavanaugh, senior market strategist at Voya Financial. Cavanaugh, however, believes that many of those fears are “much ado about nothing.” “Investors have been using fear to make decisions,” Cavanaugh said in an interview. “Until something happens to materially affect earnings, you can’t let geopolitics cloud your outlook.” Conservative François Fillon and Socialist Benoît Hamon — the mainstream candidates defeated in the first round — both threw their support behind Macron. Their support is seen as fending off nationalist Le Pen, who has called for scrapping the euro and exiting the European Union, a prospect seen as hugely destabilizing for the region. “Her radical views on immigration, the European Union and the euro should see a solid resistance from the majority of the population,” said Ipek Ozkardeskaya, senior market analyst at LCG, in a note to clients. European stocks surged, with the French CAC 40 PX1, +4.14%  ending at a two-year high. The Stoxx Europe 600 index SXXP, +2.11%  leapt 2.1%, and Germany’s DAX 30 index DAX, +3.37%  climbed 3.4%. The euro gained 1.4% against the dollar EURUSD, +0.1564% hovering at five-month highs. The iShares MSCI France ETF EWQ, +5.83% surged 5.8% in its biggest one-day advance since August 2012. French election: Macron and Le Pen through to final round(2:45) Centrist Emmanuel Macron and far-right candidate Marine Le Pen will face off in the May 7 runoff that decides who becomes the next president of France. The Nikkei 225 NIK, +1.08%  rose nearly 1.4%, as investors backed away from perceived havens such as the Japanese yen. The dollar USDJPY, +0.41%  shot to over ¥110 from a level of ¥109 late Friday in New York. Read: Opinion: The stock market’s jump on the French election is more than a relief rally Another haven asset, gold GCM7, -0.29% tumbled $11.60, or 0.9%, to settle at $1,277.50 an ounce. Gold prices climbed Friday amid investor uncertainty ahead of the French election. Yields for the 10-year Treasury TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.47%  jumped to 2.27% from 2.23% late Friday. The closely watched yield premium that investors demand to hold 10-year French bonds, also known as OATs, TMBMKFR-10Y, -1.73%  over benchmark German government bonds narrowed to 41.40 basis points after widening to around 75 basis points, or 0.75 percentage point, ahead of the first round. Anticipating a U.S. tax plan: Investors were also waiting to hear more about a “massive” U.S. tax package that President Donald Trump said is coming this week, which could revive the so-called “Trump trade” that started after his election in November, and which came on hopes that policies seen as pro-growth would swiftly pass Congress. Trump tweeted on Saturday that he would announce a big tax-reform package on Wednesday. Wall Street stocks pared losses Friday after Trump told the Associated Press he would unveil a “massive tax-cut” package in the coming week. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said that the plan would focus on middle-incomes and “pay for itself” through economic growth. Read: Trump’s tax reform may rekindle the dying embers of the stock-market rally “It could again be a make-or-break outcome for the U.S. markets, given that Mr. Trump often failed to provide satisfactory details on his ‘massive’ plans during his first 100 days at the office,” said Ozkardeskaya, in a note. For some, that could be more on the “make” side for stocks. “There were fears that the recent knockback on health-care reforms may have stopped Trump in his tracks, yet this week’s announcement will put the bulls in the driving seat even when the French feel-good factor has faded,” said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG, in a note to clients. See: This is where the stock market bears will make their last stand Stocks: Hasbro Inc. HAS, +5.90% shares finished up 5.9% after profit and sales surpassed expectations. Halliburton Co. HAL, -0.66%  fell 0.7% after the energy services group topped earnings estimates. Whole Foods Market Inc. WFM, +2.10%  shares closed up 2.1% following reports that Albertsons is exploring a takeover of the high-end grocery chain. Shares of C.R. Bard Inc. BCR, +19.50%  closed up nearly 20% after Becton Dickinson & Co. BDX, -4.44%  said it would acquire the medical-supplies maker. Becton shares slid 4.4%. Shares of Akari Therapeutics AKTX, -14.68%  plummeted 15% after the company gave mid-stage drug trial data. Other markets: Oil prices CLM7, +0.41%  slipped 0.8% to settle at $49.23 a barrel, as pressure from supply fears remained. Stocks rose across Asia, with the exception of the Shanghai Composite Index SHCOMP, +0.17% which fell around 1.5% as investors fretted about potential government action to cool the markets. —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this report. More from MarketWatch Prince's First Wife Mayte Garcia On the Star We Didn't Know U.S. to slap 20% tariff on Canadian softwood lumber imports How both middle-class and wealthy American families are sliding inexorably into the red Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References DJIA +216.13 +1.05% JPM +2.98 +3.53% GS +6.36 +2.93% SPX +25.46 +1.08% COMP +73.30 +1.24% VIX -3.79 -25.91% PX1 +209.65 +4.14% SXXP +7.97 +2.11% DAX +406.41 +3.37% EURUSD +0.0017 +0.1564% EWQ +1.54 +5.83% NIK +203.45 +1.08% USDJPY +0.45 +0.41% GCM7 -3.70 -0.29% TMUBMUSD10Y +0.01 +0.47% TMBMKFR-10Y -0.01 -1.73% HAS +5.67 +5.90% HAL -0.31 -0.66% WFM +0.75 +2.10% BCR +49.34 +19.50% BDX -8.22 -4.44% AKTX -3.01 -14.68% CLM7 +0.20 +0.41% SHCOMP +5.41 +0.17% Show all references Most Popular Wall Street ‘fear’ gauge plummets as French election results spark global relief rally Hollywood writers vote to authorize strike as deadline looms Are planets aligned for a renewed stock market rally? Unusual full Senate briefing to be held by White House on North Korea This security attack costs companies over $3 billion in losses MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,763.89 +216.13 (+1.05%) Volume 342.4M Open 20,724 High 20,792 Low 20,724 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $87.50 +2.98 (+3.53%) Volume 24.9M Open $86.55 High $88.05 Low $86.42 P/E Ratio 13.48 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 300.7B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $223.22 +6.36 (+2.93%) Volume 5.2M Open $221.18 High $224.81 Low $220.30 P/E Ratio 11.85 Div Yield 1.34 Market Cap 86.3B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,374.15 +25.46 (+1.08%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,370 High 2,377 Low 2,369 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 5,983.82 +73.30 (+1.24%) Volume 0 Open 5,980 High 5,990 Low 5,970 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CBOE Volatility Index MDX CBOE IND: VIX 10.84 -3.79 (-25.91%) Volume 0 Open 11.56 High 12.01 Low 10.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A CAC 40 Index N Euxt CMI: PX1 5,268.85 +209.65 (+4.14%) Volume 0 Open 5,268 High 5,295 Low 5,229 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 386.09 +7.97 (+2.11%) Volume 0 Open 379.05 High 386.23 Low 379.05 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A DAX XETRA-ETF: DAX 12,454.98 +406.41 (+3.37%) Volume 0 Open 12,297 High 12,456 Low 12,289 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Euro Tullett Prebon: EURUSD 1.0885 +0.0017 (+0.1564%) Volume 0 Open 1.09 High 1.09 Low 1.09 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A iShares MSCI France ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: EWQ $27.95 +1.54 (+5.83%) Volume 2.2M Open $27.81 High $27.96 Low $27.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.63 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 19,079.33 +203.45 (+1.08%) Volume 0 Open 18,873 High 19,110 Low 18,867 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 110.21 +0.45 (+0.41%) Volume 0 Open 109.77 High 110.28 Low 109.60 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCM7 $1,273.80 -3.70 (-0.29%) Volume 37267 Open $1,278 High $1,280 Low $1,273 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.29% +0.01 (+0.47%) Volume 0 Open 2.27% High 2.29% Low 2.27% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A France 10 Year Government Bond Tullett Prebon: TMBMKFR-10Y 0.82% -0.01 (-1.73%) Volume 0 Open 0.82% High 0.83% Low 0.82% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Hasbro Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: HAS $101.70 +5.67 (+5.90%) Volume 5.7M Open $102.28 High $104.14 Low $99.68 P/E Ratio 23.43 Div Yield 2.24 Market Cap 12.0B Halliburton Co. U.S.: NYSE: HAL $46.75 -0.31 (-0.66%) Volume 11.3M Open $47.22 High $47.98 Low $46.63 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.54 Market Cap 40.8B Whole Foods Market Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: WFM $36.46 +0.75 (+2.10%) Volume 16.2M Open $35.90 High $37.33 Low $35.57 P/E Ratio 26.23 Div Yield 1.54 Market Cap 11.4B C.R. Bard Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BCR $302.41 +49.34 (+19.50%) Volume 11.5M Open $303.75 High $305.66 Low $301.60 P/E Ratio 43.02 Div Yield 0.34 Market Cap 18.3B Becton Dickinson & Co. U.S.: NYSE: BDX $177.07 -8.22 (-4.44%) Volume 9.7M Open $179.00 High $180.26 Low $175.66 P/E Ratio 29.39 Div Yield 1.65 Market Cap 39.4B Akari Therapeutics PLC ADR U.S.: Nasdaq: AKTX $17.49 -3.01 (-14.68%) Volume 1.5M Open $19.00 High $20.00 Low $16.82 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 241.4M Crude Oil - Electronic Jun 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLM7 $49.43 +0.20 (+0.41%) Volume 26201 Open $49.22 High $49.55 Low $49.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Shanghai Composite Index China: Shanghai: SHCOMP 3,134.94 +5.41 (+0.17%) Volume 142.7M Open 3,124 High 3,145 Low 3,117 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses GLOBAL-OIL/:Oil edges up after 6 days of straight lossesReuters | Apr 25, 2017, 07.01 AM IST * Despite Tuesday's gains, oil markets have turned bearish * JPMorgan says oil supplies need to be cut longer, deeper * Russia says its oil output could hit 30 year highs * Russian oil supplies: http://reut.rs/2pZzFr7 By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE, April 25 (Reuters) - Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures added 21 cents, or 0.4 percent, by 0123 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.44 a barrel. Brent crude futures rose 23 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.83 per barrel. Traders said the slight gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays small price rises, overall market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down nearly 10 percent since the end of December despite an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. "It is evident that ... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)," U.S. bank JPMorgan said in its latest weekly oil market update to clients. The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss," and that it "will review macro balances in the coming weeks before initiating further trades." Indicating that the bank's view on markets had turned bearish, JP Morgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is seen as a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future delivery that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store crude for sale at a later date. "There is further short-term downside to prices," JPMorgan said, adding that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web After 15 Years Of Friendship, This Tiger And Bear Just Sai.. OMG LANE Have You Heard of the Mediterranean Diet? Here Are The Top.. Food Network Affordable Health Insurance, Best 2017 Health Plans premiumaffordableinsurance.com More from The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Indian-American enters governor's race in NJ From the Web More From The Times of India Join the all-rounder of insuranceState Farm Insurance 11 Best Budget Vacations to Take in the USSmartTravel.Tips Everything You Need To Know About Psoriatic ArthritisMayo Clinic Affordable Home Security Systems - Top DealsSphinxsaver.com Fabulous Luxury Vehicles Are Here for 2017Search Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched Funny Video: Life cycle of an MBA graduate Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular 25 jawans killed as Maoists attack CRPF team in Chhattisgarh's Sukma US accuses top Indian IT firms of violating H-1B visa norms Install biometric attendance system in all offices up to block level: Adityanath Can you believe these are real images from NASA? Ad: Fropky Jimmy Choo seeks new owner for scuffed brand The high-heel label is for sale less than three years after its IPO. Owner JAB may need cash following its $7.5 billion purchase of Panera Bread. There is room to increase Jimmy Choo's operating margin, but with slow sales growth, it already looks expensive. RIL beats Street again, GRM up at $11.5, profit grows 11.54% YoY Oil-to-telecom heavyweight Reliance Industries (RIL) on Monday reported at 11.54 per cent year-on-year (YoY) jump in consolidated net profit to Rs 8,053 crore for the March quarter. The oil major had reported a net profit of Rs 7,220 crore in the March quarter of last year. From around the Web Travel Agents Secrets Revealed Cruise Sponsored Ads Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner More From The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Indian-American CEO ordered to pay $135,000 to former worker White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Read Moreu s bank jpmorganThomson ReutersRussiaRichard Pullinreuters eikon Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners U.S. oil may rise to $50.04 Asia stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election Euro pauses after rally, Canadian dlr hit by US duties on lumber Asia stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election 1Oil edges up after 6 days of straight losses 2U.S. oil may rise to $50.04 3Asia stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election 4Euro pauses after rally, Canadian dlr hit by US duties on lumber 5Asia stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Encounter in Chhattisgarh MI vs RPS PM Modi Reliance Q4 Result Sachin Tendulkar Modi NITI Aayog Sukma Encounter Sensex H1B Visa Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy Nawaz Sharif Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Sukma attack IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Chhota Rajan GL vs KKR, IPL 2017 Sunny Leone hot pics xXx Baahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance California Water Service Group - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Personal Capital Advisors Corp Has $12.019 Million Stake in IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Has $11.806 Million Stake in Yelp Inc (YELP) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Acquires 61,092 Shares of Tesla Inc (TSLA) Nucor Co. (NUE) Position Raised by Personal Capital Advisors Corp Personal Capital Advisors Corp Purchases 35,267 Shares of California Water Service Group (CWT) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Buys 11,862 Shares of Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Position Increased by Personal Capital Advisors Corp Shire PLC (SHPG) Shares Bought by Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Stake Held by Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Time (TIME) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.24 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact SYSCO (SYY) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Tesoro Logistics (TLLP) Stock Price $0.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) This Quarter Brokerages Set BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) Target Price at $3.80 Honda Motor Co Ltd (HMC) Position Maintained by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Quanta Services Inc (PWR) to Announce $0.38 EPS Ichor Holdings Ltd (ICHR) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance Mylan (MYL) Stake Held by JFS Wealth Advisors LLC Advocacy Wealth Management Services LLC Acquires 1,200 Shares of TransMontaigne Partners L.P. (TLP) Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Personal Capital Advisors Corp Purchases 35,267 Shares of California Water Service Group (CWT) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Personal Capital Advisors Corp boosted its position in California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) by 7.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 500,046 shares of the utilities provider’s stock after buying an additional 35,267 shares during the period. Personal Capital Advisors Corp owned approximately 1.04% of California Water Service Group worth $17,502,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,384,620 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $108,612,000 after buying an additional 258,291 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in California Water Service Group by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 289,858 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $9,302,000 after buying an additional 22,258 shares during the period. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in California Water Service Group by 1.0% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 101,791 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $3,266,000 after buying an additional 1,000 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in California Water Service Group by 1.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,206,055 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $38,702,000 after buying an additional 16,878 shares during the period. Finally, GHP Investment Advisors Inc. increased its position in California Water Service Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 70,293 shares of the utilities provider’s stock worth $2,256,000 after buying an additional 804 shares during the period. 68.63% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) traded up 0.13% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $37.40. The stock had a trading volume of 193,532 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.79 billion, a PE ratio of 37.03 and a beta of 0.65. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $35.52 and its 200-day moving average is $34.13. California Water Service Group has a 1-year low of $27.05 and a 1-year high of $37.95. California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The utilities provider reported $0.31 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.20 by $0.11. The company had revenue of $150.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $146.33 million. California Water Service Group had a net margin of 7.05% and a return on equity of 6.56%. California Water Service Group’s quarterly revenue was up 9.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.18 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that California Water Service Group will post $1.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/personal-capital-advisors-corp-purchases-35267-shares-of-california-water-service-group-cwt.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on CWT shares. Macquarie started coverage on California Water Service Group in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Co downgraded California Water Service Group from a “market perform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Zacks Investment Research raised California Water Service Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, Gabelli raised California Water Service Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $33.20. In other California Water Service Group news, VP Michael B. Luu sold 2,400 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $34.47, for a total transaction of $82,728.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 8,532 shares in the company, valued at $294,098.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 1.00% of the company’s stock. California Water Service Group Company Profile California Water Service Group is a holding company. The Company operates through the supply and distribution of water and providing water-related utility services segment. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides non-regulated services and non-regulated services to private companies and municipalities. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CWT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for California Water Service Group (NYSE:CWT). Receive News & Ratings for California Water Service Group Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for California Water Service Group and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tallgrass Energy GP LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tallgrass Energy GP LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Oslo Asset Management AS Has $159,000 Stake in Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Brokerages Expect CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Will Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Century Aluminum Co (CENX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share NBW Capital LLC Cuts Stake in Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Sells 29,461 Shares of National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CETV) to Post $0.04 Earnings Per Share Lendingtree Inc (TREE) CEO Douglas R. Lebda Sells 4,000 Shares Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Insider Bernard H. Clineburg Sells 20,004 Shares of Stock Crispr Therapeutics AG (CRSP) CEO Rodger Novak Sells 50,000 Shares M Winkworth PLC (WINK) Insider Andrew Nicol Purchases 10,000 Shares Red Hat Inc (RHT) EVP Michael Cunningham Sells 8,000 Shares Scholastic Corp (SCHL) EVP Judith Newman Sells 13,166 Shares Rotala Plc (ROL) Insider Simon Lee Dunn Purchases 13,521 Shares Sippican Capital Advisors Sells 1,892 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Has $9.081 Million Position in Western Digital Corp (WDC) Sippican Capital Advisors Boosts Stake in Range Resources Corp. (RRC) PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Shares Sold by Sippican Capital Advisors Sippican Capital Advisors Raises Position in Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows NBW Capital LLC Cuts Stake in Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet NBW Capital LLC lowered its position in Tallgrass Energy GP LP (NYSE:TEGP) by 2.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 388,731 shares of the pipeline company’s stock after selling 8,742 shares during the period. Tallgrass Energy GP accounts for approximately 3.1% of NBW Capital LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 4th largest position. NBW Capital LLC owned approximately 0.67% of Tallgrass Energy GP worth $11,180,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Jennison Associates LLC raised its stake in Tallgrass Energy GP by 44.0% in the third quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 2,998,998 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $72,126,000 after buying an additional 915,789 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC acquired a new stake in Tallgrass Energy GP during the third quarter worth about $266,000. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP raised its stake in Tallgrass Energy GP by 3.2% in the third quarter. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP now owns 4,887,819 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $117,541,000 after buying an additional 150,467 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Tallgrass Energy GP by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 236,149 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $5,679,000 after buying an additional 2,909 shares during the period. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC raised its stake in Tallgrass Energy GP by 62.4% in the third quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 92,981 shares of the pipeline company’s stock worth $2,236,000 after buying an additional 35,731 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 83.30% of the company’s stock. Tallgrass Energy GP LP (NYSE:TEGP) traded up 0.72% on Monday, hitting $28.01. 75,706 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $1.63 billion, a PE ratio of 51.11 and a beta of 2.21. Tallgrass Energy GP LP has a 52-week low of $19.43 and a 52-week high of $29.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $28.10 and a 200-day moving average of $26.29. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, April 28th will be paid a dividend of $0.287 per share. This is an increase from Tallgrass Energy GP’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.28. This represents a $1.15 annualized dividend and a yield of 4.10%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, April 26th. Tallgrass Energy GP’s payout ratio is currently 148.00%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/nbw-capital-llc-cuts-stake-in-tallgrass-energy-gp-lp-tegp.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on TEGP shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Tallgrass Energy GP from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of Tallgrass Energy GP from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of Tallgrass Energy GP in a report on Friday, March 17th. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $32.00 price objective on shares of Tallgrass Energy GP in a report on Thursday. Finally, Macquarie started coverage on shares of Tallgrass Energy GP in a report on Friday. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $32.00 price objective on the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $28.80. About Tallgrass Energy GP Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TEGP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Tallgrass Energy GP LP (NYSE:TEGP). Receive News & Ratings for Tallgrass Energy GP LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tallgrass Energy GP LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Was Wells Fargo Left in the Dust Last Quarter? Wells Fargo was the only megabank to see its earnings fall in the first quarter of this year. Motley Fool Staff Apr 24, 2017 at 2:13PM Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) is ordinarily one of the best-performing banks each quarter when it comes to earnings, but the first three months of this year stand as an exception. While bottom lines surged at JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup, Wells Fargo's net income fell last quarter on a year-over-year basis. In this segment of Industry Focus: Financials, The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and contributor John Maxfield explain the factors behind Wells Fargo's performance. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 17, 2017. Gaby Lapera: The other bank I wanted to talk about is what used to be America's sweetheart of a bank, which is Wells Fargo. They're probably going to be the only big bank to see its earnings decline on a year-over-year basis. Do you think that's related to the account scandal? John Maxfield: I think that it is. Michael Douglass, who is an editor at The Motley Fool, he describes Wells Fargo as "the fallen angel," and I think that's the perfect way to describe it. If you go back 150 years, Wells Fargo has one of the best reputations, and one of the best brands in the bank industry in the United States for a long, long time -- back since the Gold Rush in the late 1840s and 1850s, when it was established. But because of that fake-account scandal that was revealed last September -- thousands of Wells Fargo employees, in an effort to meet sales quotas, in terms of selling additional credit cards, selling additional checking accounts, selling additional savings accounts, they opened up fake accounts for customers that customers either didn't need, didn't approve of, or didn't even know were being opened. So that has really tarnished Wells Fargo's reputation. And if you look at Wells Fargo's numbers from the most recent quarter, it isn't strikingly obvious. It isn't like the revenue fell by 10% as a result of this, or their expenses went up by 20%. It's a much more marginal impact. But what we're seeing is a continued erosion in a number of key metrics at Wells Fargo. The efficiency ratio is a perfect example. It has long been one of the most efficient banks in the country. But because of potential revenue pressure as a result of what happened, the reputational damage it suffered, and that sales scandal last year, combined with the potential that they're going to have to increase their compliance costs, their regulatory costs to deal with that, it's slowly eroding its bottom line at this point. Lapera: Yeah. And that's something you're just going to have to look out for long-term. The thing with Wells Fargo is that basically all things have been held equal except for the reputational damage that we mentioned from the account scandal. As a result of the account scandal, they changed some of their internal practices for selling, as one might expect, to encourage their employees to stop creating these fraudulent accounts, which means that some of their numbers don't look as good anymore for account openings. Because there's fewer fraudulent accounts. So when you throw all that into the mix, we'll see whether or not Wells Fargo pulls out of it. It's not quite a nosedive yet, but it's definitely something to keep your eye on. Maxfield: To that point, Gaby, if you listen to Wells Fargo's executives prior to the crisis, for years, they stressed the cross-sell ratio. That is the number of financial products -- so, checking accounts, credit cards, mortgages, all those types of financial products and services -- the number of those that the average customer at Wells Fargo used. And they always trended two times, three times the industry average in terms of the number of products that each of their customers used. Then, if you listened to the way their executives talk about getting those large cross-sell numbers, what they would do is go after primary checking accounts for a customer, which is the principal banking product, and then build on top of that -- and now, we're seeing new checking account numbers falling on a year-over-year basis by 30%, 40%, new credit card applications at Wells Fargo falling by 40%-plus on a year over year basis -- in the short term, that's not going to have a big impact on their numbers. Because it's not like a bank makes a whole bunch of money when a credit card application is submitted, or any money, quite frankly, or when a new checking account is opened. But it's that deepening of the relationship where the profitability comes from. So the question is, when they announced that they were getting rid of their sales quotas in their branches as a result of the scandal, what is that going to look like over the long term for Wells Fargo, given that its model has been predicated on cross-selling for all of these years? Lapera: Yeah, definitely. It's an interesting story, and one that we will definitely continue to cover on Industry Focus.  Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 24, 2017 at 2:13PM Financials Stocks Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $53.65 up $0.65 (1.23%) Read More The Fallen Angel of the Bank Industry The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds Wells Fargo’s Latest Retail Banking Update Remains Dismal Why Did Wells Fargo Shares Tumble on Thursday? The Top-Performing Big Bank Stocks From the Past Decade Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Was Wells Fargo Left in the Dust Last Quarter? @themotleyfool #stocks $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Meggitt plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Purchases 87,167 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Meggitt plc’s (MGGT) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kroger Co (KR) Position Increased by Patriot Wealth Management Inc. Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $36.335 Million Position in Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Purchases 125,395 Shares of SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Steel Dynamics’ (STLD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Jones Energy Inc (JONE) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Westmoreland Coal Company (WLB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Hollencrest Securities LLC Takes Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Hollencrest Securities LLC Has $486,000 Stake in Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Genesee & Wyoming Inc (GWR) Stake Boosted by Nationwide Fund Advisors salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Shares Bought by Hollencrest Securities LLC Nexvet Biopharma plc (NVET) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag KB Financial Group (KB) Given News Impact Score of 0.44 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts PBF Logistics (PBFX) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Under Armour’s (UAA) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Meggitt plc’s (MGGT) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) in a research note issued to investors on Friday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 500 ($6.39) price target on the stock. Several other brokerages also recently issued reports on MGGT. Canaccord Genuity reissued a sell rating and issued a GBX 370 ($4.73) price objective on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd. Citigroup Inc increased their price objective on Meggitt plc from GBX 410 ($5.24) to GBX 500 ($6.39) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Berenberg Bank increased their price objective on Meggitt plc from GBX 440 ($5.63) to GBX 490 ($6.26) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 540 ($6.90) price objective on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised Meggitt plc to a buy rating and set a GBX 530 ($6.78) price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, April 12th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Meggitt plc presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 449.07 ($5.74). Shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) traded up 1.99% during trading on Friday, hitting GBX 462.10. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,580,896 shares. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.58 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average is GBX 449.57 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 448.17. Meggitt plc has a 1-year low of GBX 361.80 and a 1-year high of GBX 485.10. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Meggitt plc’s (MGGT) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/meggitt-plcs-mggt-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be issued a dividend of GBX 10.30 ($0.13) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.19%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. This is a positive change from Meggitt plc’s previous dividend of $4.80. In related news, insider Tony Wood bought 10,378 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 478 ($6.11) per share, for a total transaction of £49,606.84 ($63,419.64). Also, insider Philip Ernest Green sold 7,434 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Saturday, April 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 441 ($5.64), for a total value of £32,783.94 ($41,912.48). Insiders have bought a total of 35,435 shares of company stock worth $16,310,950 in the last three months. Meggitt plc Company Profile Meggitt PLC is an engineering company. The Company designs and manufactures high performance components and sub-systems for aerospace, defense and other specialist markets, including energy, medical, industrial, test and automotive. The Company’s segments are Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems (MABS), Meggitt Control Systems (MCS), Meggitt Polymers & Composites (MPC), Meggitt Sensing Systems (MSS) and the Meggitt Equipment Group (MEG). Receive News & Ratings for Meggitt plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Will Post Earnings of $0.54 Per Share Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT Set at $925.00 by Nomura Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given a $975.00 Price Target by Nomura Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €75.00 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc General Electric Company (GE) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bank of America Corp Reaffirms Buy Rating for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Insider Selling: Ciena Co. (CIEN) VP Sells $40,114.32 in Stock Retirement Systems of Alabama Purchases 3,958 Shares of Panera Bread Co (PNRA) American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Stake Lowered by Retirement Systems of Alabama Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $32.694 Million Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Insider Selling: Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Director Sells $45,447.12 in Stock Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Position Maintained by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. KBR (KBR) Receives News Impact Rating of -0.12 Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Medgenics (MDGN) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of -0.22 RDS-A (RDS-A) Earns Sell Rating from Citigroup Inc Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) a $83.00 Price Target Piper Jaffray Companies Trims PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Target Price to $57.00 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Morgan Stanley Downgrades PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) to Underweight General Electric Company (GE) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet General Electric Company (NYSE:GE)‘s stock had its “sell” rating reiterated by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Monday. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Stifel Nicolaus set a $34.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $37.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Sanford C. Bernstein set a $38.00 price target on shares of General Electric Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. William Blair reissued a “buy” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a report on Saturday, April 1st. Finally, Vetr downgraded shares of General Electric Company from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.56 price target on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $32.75. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) traded up 0.152% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $29.595. 19,208,903 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. General Electric Company has a 12 month low of $28.19 and a 12 month high of $33.00. The stock has a market cap of $258.21 billion, a PE ratio of 33.141 and a beta of 1.20. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $29.81 and a 200-day moving average of $30.22. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last issued its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.17 by $0.04. The firm earned $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. The company’s quarterly revenue was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.21 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts predict that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be issued a $0.24 dividend. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.25%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, February 23rd. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 106.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “General Electric Company (GE) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/general-electric-company-ge-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the sale, the insider now owns 738,907 shares in the company, valued at $21,842,090.92. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein purchased 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was bought at an average price of $29.63 per share, for a total transaction of $148,150.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 68,757 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,037,269.91. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Fusion Family Wealth LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $100,000. Feltz Wealth PLAN Inc. bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the first quarter valued at $114,000. Empirical Finance LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $140,000. Turner Investments LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $161,000. Finally, Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $177,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 54.68% of the company’s stock. General Electric Company Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Goldman Makes Case for Volcker Rule By Lisa Abramowicz Photographer: Michael Nagle/Bloomberg Finance Lisa Abramowicz Lisa Abramowicz is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering the debt markets. She has written about debt markets for Bloomberg News since 2010. Follow @lisaabramowicz1 Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 24, 2017 10:12 AM EDT GOLDMAN SACHS GROUP INC +6.36 At Closing, April 24th 223.22 USD Debt-trading revenues tend to be volatile. That's normal. But something was abnormal about how disappointing Goldman Sachs's fixed-income trading results were in the first three months of 2017. Goldman is typically a powerhouse in this lucrative business, and yet the New York bank was the only one of its peers to miss analysts' debt-trading estimates for the quarter. The firm's explanation that credit trading in particular was weak made little sense because volumes set records, and other banks cited that area as notably strong. Share Dive Goldman Sachs shares fell after it reported disappointing first-quarter results Source: Bloomberg Bloomberg News reporters uncovered the real reason in an article on Monday: Goldman traders bet big on specific distressed credits, including Peabody Energy Corp., Energy Future Holdings Corp. and Claire's Stores Inc., and those wagers went belly up. Soured Stores Goldman's traders reportedly got burned on some retailers' debt, including Claire's Source: Finra's Trace, Bloomberg The prices shown are for an actively traded Claire's bond, not necessarily one that Goldman is known to have traded. There's a broadly held belief that Goldman's traders are given more leeway to make bold bets than their peers at other big banks, and this revelation only cements that impression. Just remember how Goldman's Tom Malafronte earned profits of more than $200 million trading junk bonds last year. How did he do that unless he was taking substantial risk? And this brings us to the hot debate of the moment, about just how far banking regulations adopted after the 2008 financial crisis ought to be rolled back. There's a growing chorus of analysts and politicians calling for a repeal of the so-called Volcker Rule in particular, with an International Monetary Fund official recently saying that the provision,which prohibits banks from proprietary trading, drained liquidity from the U.S. banking system and was overly difficult to enforce. Goldman's first-quarter performance illustrates why banks and their investors should seek to keep some of these trading restrictions in place. Bank of America Corp., JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Morgan Stanley did well in debt trading in the first quarter. They beat estimates. They demonstrated their ability to profit from normal volumes. Debt Disappointment Goldman Sachs stands out for posting the smallest year-over-year Q1 increase Source: Company filings Goldman, however, showed the potential downside of bold wagers. The bank reported a mere 1 percent gain in year-over-year debt-trading revenues, compared with a 17 percent gain in the business at JPMorgan and a 29 percent increase at Bank of America. Goldman does have a somewhat different mix of business than other big banks. It caters to a greater proportion of hedge funds, and it's understandable that it would want to create value for those clients by enabling larger, riskier wagers. But investors have more information than ever, especially as they seek more accurate and timely sources of pricing information. This puts big-bank traders at more of a disadvantage than before the crisis. Meanwhile, plenty of questions remain about just how constrained banks truly are when it comes to trading with their own money. Proprietary trading can be difficult to distinguish from market-making. Banks typically need to use some of their own money to help move bigger chunks of less-traded bonds from one investor to another without significantly disrupting market prices. By almost all accounts, it has become more difficult to trade larger amounts of speculative-grade debt without moving markets, and it's plausible that banking regulations are the culprit. But the solution isn't necessarily to allow banks to go back to taking large, speculative positions. Not only can that pose systemic risks to the financial system, but as Goldman just demonstrated, this practice can be an unreliable business model.  This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. To contact the author of this story: Lisa Abramowicz in New York at labramowicz@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Daniel Niemi at dniemi1@bloomberg.net Back on Top Back on Top Optimism over its telecom foray has helped oil refiner Reliance displace software exporter Tata Consultancy as India's most valuable company Source: Bloomberg copy that An Indian Billionaire Is Cloning Verizon Industrials Andy Mukherjee Expected online lending growth in China, 2017 +54.1% More the Merrier Come Join China's Crowded Party Tech Tim Culpan Charge! Charge! Competitors have narrowed the volume gap with Renault-Nissan-Mitsubishi Source: Bloomberg New Energy Finance, Gadfly calculations Note: Mitsubishi became part of the alliance in October 2016. The three marques are put together for the entire period. Leakage Renault-Nissan's Electric Lead Vanishes Autos David Fickling Amazon's Initial Share of Digital Subscription Revenue 30% One-Stop Shop Amazon Crashes Digital Gate Tech Shira Ovide Bull Run Bull Run Several well-known money managers are warning that stock valuations are too high Source: Bloomberg Lies and Statistics The Truth About Earnings and Stock Valuations Markets Nir Kaissar Go For It Go For It PPG's stock has caught up with the market since first approaching AkzoNobel Source: Bloomberg The Color of Money Akzo Nobel, It's Time to Talk Deals Chris Hughes Bulking Up Bulking Up Becton Dickinson has outperformed other medical-equipment suppliers since buying CareFusion in 2015. Now it's upping the ante with a $24 billion takeover of C.R Bard as their hospital customers also consolidate. Source: Bloomberg Surgical Strike A $24 Billion Megadeal to Cheer About Deals Tara Lachapelle Banking on Macron Banking on Macron Pro-European frontrunner helps boost finance shares and lowers political risk Intraday times are displayed in ET. Macron's the Man Don't Laugh, But France Really Might Reform This Time Finance Lionel Laurent Back in the Pack Back in the Pack Luxury goods valuations have risen on a recovery in Chinese demand Source: Bloomberg Intelligence My Choo! Carrie Bradshaw, Meet Gordon Gekko Consumer Andrea Felsted U.S. Dependency U.S. Dependency LafargeHolcim gets about one fifth of sales from North America Source: Bloomberg Lafarge in Syria Want a Piece of Trump's Wall? Keep Clear of Armed Groups Industrials Chris Bryant More to Come? More to Come? PanaHome shares rose to their highest levels since the late 1990s after Panasonic raised its offer for the homebuilder Source: Bloomberg come on in Hedge Funds Prize Open Japan Deals Nisha Gopalan Euro Hearts Macron Euro Hearts Macron Asian trading takes the single currency to new highs for the year Intraday times are displayed in ET. Risk On Le Phew! It's Macron vs Le Pen Markets Marcus Ashworth Potential demand for 7-Eleven RFID tags $460 million check this out How 7-Eleven Will Beat Worker Blues Consumer Andy Mukherjee Five buybacks since March 29 totaled HK$3.45 billion Opportunity cost Evergrande Is Spending Its Way Home Real Estate Nisha Gopalan Accelerating Growth Accelerating Growth Forecast of U.S. oil supply keeps rising with only minor increase in price expectation Source: EIA Failed Experiment Shale's the Wild Horse OPEC Can't Tame Energy Julian Lee Decline in Dynegy Stock Since October 50%  The Unreal Deal Dynegy's Stock Is Still for Sale Energy Liam Denning Ticking Clock Jeff Immelt Buys Time But Not Much Industrials Brooke Sutherland Steeled for Success Steeled for Success Shares in big U.S. steel producers have performed well over the past year Source: Bloomberg Not So Super-Tariffs Trump Wants to Be the Man of Steel Industrials Chris Bryant What Griddy Charges for Wholesale Power Access $9.99 A Month Panda Bear Market Texas Power: No Country for Old Thinking Energy Liam Denning Doubling Down Doubling Down U.S. retailers are struggling under the weight of debt they've been incurring Source: The BofA Merrill Lynch US Issuers US High Yield Retail Index The Bell Tolls Clock's Up on Retailers' Borrowed Time Consumer Shelly Banjo Hope Factor Hope Factor Reckitt Benckiser is betting on growth picking up after it stalled in the first quarter Source: Bloomberg Intelligence Back With The Pack Reckitt's Fading Glory Consumer Andrea Felsted Banking on It Banking on It Source: Bloomberg The Right Kind of Leverage Wall Street Discovers Thriftiness Finance Lionel Laurent Bringing It All Back Home Bringing It All Back Home Australia has run current account deficits for almost all of its modern history Source: Bloomberg duet decision Li Ka-shing Isn't Chinese, Australia Decides Deals David Fickling Real Return Real Return Toshiba's board has done a good job of losing shareholder money Source: Bloomberg lowball Toshiba Should Reject Handcuffs of Convenience Tech Tim Culpan
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QUALCOMM Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Earns “Buy” Rating from Needham & Company LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Radiant Logistics (RLGT) Board of Directors Announces Stock Repurchase Program International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cowen and Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by Huntington National Bank Blackhawk Bancorp Com (BHWB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Facebook’s (FB) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird Goldman Sachs Group (GS) to Buyback 50,000,000 Shares Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Lowered by Moody National Bank Trust Division Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stake Maintained by Moody National Bank Trust Division Moody National Bank Trust Division Has $525,000 Stake in BB&T Co. (BBT) Moody National Bank Trust Division Invests $291,000 in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Allergan plc (AGN) Shares Sold by Selz Capital LLC American Economic Planning Group Inc. ADV Acquires 15 Shares of Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Stake Lowered by Oakbrook Investments LLC Cerner Co. (CERN) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cardiovascular Systems Inc (CSII) Receives Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC Capella Education Company (CPLA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peter R. Ingram Sells 2,500 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their neutral rating on shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) in a report released on Wednesday morning. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on QCOM. Canaccord Genuity reissued a buy rating and set a $81.00 target price on shares of QUALCOMM in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Sanford C. Bernstein reissued a market perform rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of QUALCOMM in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Morgan Stanley reissued an equal weight rating on shares of QUALCOMM in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Brean Capital reissued a hold rating on shares of QUALCOMM in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of QUALCOMM from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have given a hold rating, fourteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $66.55. Shares of QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) traded up 1.18% on Wednesday, hitting $53.12. 1,958,531 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $78.48 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.70 and a beta of 1.31. QUALCOMM has a 1-year low of $50.11 and a 1-year high of $71.62. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $56.29 and its 200-day moving average is $61.79. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The wireless technology company reported $1.34 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.05 by $0.29. The business had revenue of $5.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $5.86 billion. QUALCOMM had a net margin of 20.56% and a return on equity of 20.25%. QUALCOMM’s revenue was up 8.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $1.04 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that QUALCOMM will post $4.65 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-qualcomm-inc-qcom.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 21st. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.57 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, May 26th. This is an increase from QUALCOMM’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.53. This represents a $2.28 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.34%. QUALCOMM’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 64.63%. In other news, Director Anthony J. Vinciquerra bought 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $53.99 per share, with a total value of $53,990.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 1,281 shares in the company, valued at $69,161.19. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Cristiano R. Amon bought 18,815 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $53.13 per share, for a total transaction of $999,640.95. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.24% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Sterling Global Strategies LLC increased its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Sterling Global Strategies LLC now owns 3,980 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock valued at $259,000 after buying an additional 14 shares during the last quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI increased its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 0.3% in the third quarter. Citizens Financial Group Inc RI now owns 4,891 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. Liberty Capital Management Inc. increased its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 0.4% in the first quarter. Liberty Capital Management Inc. now owns 6,797 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock valued at $390,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. Kanaly Trust Co increased its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 0.6% in the third quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 4,819 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock valued at $330,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the last quarter. Finally, FCA Corp TX increased its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 0.9% in the third quarter. FCA Corp TX now owns 4,738 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock valued at $325,000 after buying an additional 40 shares during the last quarter. 79.28% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. QUALCOMM Company Profile QUALCOMM Incorporated is engaged in the development and commercialization of a digital communication technology called code division multiple access (CDMA). The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of the orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) family of technologies, including long-term evolution (LTE), which is an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)-based standard that uses OFDMA and single-carrier Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA), for cellular wireless communication applications. Receive News & Ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Primero Mining Corp (PPP) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Raised to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) to Hold Allegion PLC (ALLE) Shares Bought by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $389,000 Position in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Eastman Chemical Company (EMN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Everence Capital Management Inc. Maintains Position in Regions Financial Corp (RF) FormFactor, Inc. (FORM) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts DineEquity Inc (DIN) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Davita Inc (DVA) Stake Held by Everence Capital Management Inc. Everence Capital Management Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Centene Corp (CNC) Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Position Maintained by Everence Capital Management Inc. Christopher Rondeau Sells 20,000 Shares of Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Stock Zacks Investment Research Lowers International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) to Sell Columbus McKinnon Corp. (CMCO) to Post FY2018 Earnings of $1.73 Per Share, Seaport Global Securities Forecasts Aerie Pharmaceuticals’ (AERI) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Cowen and Company Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) Given “Buy” Rating at Canaccord Genuity Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Raised to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (NYSE:RBS) from an underweight rating to a neutral rating in a research report released on Wednesday morning. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently commented on RBS. Goldman Sachs Group Inc cut Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC from a buy rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG raised Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Barclays PLC raised Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC from an underweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Berenberg Bank raised Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Natixis raised Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC from a reduce rating to a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $5.38. Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (NYSE:RBS) opened at 6.16 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $5.94 and a 200-day moving average price of $5.47. Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC has a one year low of $3.91 and a one year high of $7.60. The firm’s market capitalization is $36.30 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/royal-bank-of-scotland-group-plc-rbs-raised-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in RBS. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new position in shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC during the fourth quarter valued at about $126,000. Stevens Capital Management LP bought a new position in shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC during the third quarter valued at about $333,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC by 8.8% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 109,508 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $510,000 after buying an additional 8,880 shares during the last quarter. World Asset Management Inc boosted its position in shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC by 8.7% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 392,148 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,827,000 after buying an additional 31,316 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC by 14.0% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 338,880 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,833,000 after buying an additional 41,613 shares during the last quarter. 0.32% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC Company Profile The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (RBS) is a banking and financial services company. The Company provides a range of products and services to personal, commercial, corporate and institutional customers, through its subsidiaries, The Royal Bank of Scotland plc and National Westminster Bank Plc (NatWest), as well as through other brands, including Ulster Bank and Coutts. Receive News & Ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CME Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News General Electric Company (GE) Issues FY17 Earnings Guidance Baytex Energy Corp (BTE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of -0.22 CME Group Inc (CME) PT Raised to $137.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Earns Hold Rating from Needham & Company LLC TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC G4S (GFSZY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Esterline Technologies Co. (ESL) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Has $117,000 Position in Gannett Co Inc (GCI) Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL Buys 857 Shares of General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Buys 14,273 Shares of Citigroup Inc (C) Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Continues to Hold Position in Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Reilly Financial Advisors LLC Has $136,000 Stake in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Forest City Enterprises (FCE-A) Given Neutral Rating at Bank of America Corp Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Price Target Raised to $165.00 at Canaccord Genuity Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Earns “Buy” Rating from Bank of America Corp Werner Enterprises, Inc. (WERN) Announces Earnings Results Stewart Information Services Corp (STC) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.24 EPS Craig Hallum Weighs in on Aehr Test Systems’ Q1 2018 Earnings (AEHR) First United Bank Trust Has $1.289 Million Stake in Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) United Parcel Service, Inc. (UPS) Shares Sold by OLD Second National Bank of Aurora CME Group Inc (CME) PT Raised to $137.00 at Deutsche Bank AG April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) had its price objective increased by Deutsche Bank AG from $136.00 to $137.00 in a report published on Tuesday. They currently have a buy rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on CME. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered CME Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Zacks Investment Research lowered CME Group from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Royal Bank of Canada restated an outperform rating and issued a $134.00 price objective on shares of CME Group in a research note on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and issued a $128.00 price objective on shares of CME Group in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $111.54. Shares of CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) opened at 118.77 on Tuesday. CME Group has a 52 week low of $90.69 and a 52 week high of $127.60. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $120.17 and a 200 day moving average price of $116.00. The firm has a market cap of $40.34 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.22 and a beta of 0.88. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The financial services provider reported $1.14 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $913 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $881.46 million. CME Group had a return on equity of 7.28% and a net margin of 42.67%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.92 earnings per share. Analysts expect that CME Group will post $4.86 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “CME Group Inc (CME) PT Raised to $137.00 at Deutsche Bank AG” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/cme-group-inc-cme-pt-raised-to-137-00-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, March 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a dividend of $0.66 per share. This represents a $2.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.22%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This is a positive change from CME Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.60. CME Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 52.98%. In other CME Group news, insider Julie Winkler sold 5,888 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $122.53, for a total transaction of $721,456.64. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 14,095 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,727,060.35. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, insider Hilda Harris Piell sold 3,043 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $124.26, for a total value of $378,123.18. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 26,082 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,240,949.32. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 12,931 shares of company stock worth $1,576,260. Corporate insiders own 0.61% of the company’s stock. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of CME Group by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 17,986,325 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,084,930,000 after buying an additional 977,421 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of CME Group by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,226,868 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $833,618,000 after buying an additional 371,705 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of CME Group by 1.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,064,945 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $738,427,000 after buying an additional 88,456 shares in the last quarter. Edgewood Management LLC increased its stake in shares of CME Group by 1.4% in the fourth quarter. Edgewood Management LLC now owns 5,716,596 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $659,409,000 after buying an additional 81,244 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Thornburg Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of CME Group by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Thornburg Investment Management Inc. now owns 4,718,894 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $544,324,000 after buying an additional 117,800 shares in the last quarter. 80.06% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About CME Group CME Group Inc, through its exchanges, provides products across all asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. The Company’s segment primarily consists of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc (CME), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc (CBOT), New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX) and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX) exchanges. Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance St. James's Place plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194 SK Telecom Co Ltd (SKM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ImmuPharma PLC (IMM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Senior plc (SNR) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Acquires 44 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Macquarie Group Ltd. Maintains Stake in PolyOne Co. (POL) 58.com Inc (WUBA) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Position Reduced by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Teachers Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) PT Raised to GBX 660 at HSBC Holdings plc Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by research analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc in a report issued on Thursday. Several other analysts also recently weighed in on STJ. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,096 ($13.79) to GBX 1,108 ($13.95) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 5th. Panmure Gordon upped their price objective on St. James's Place plc from GBX 1,145 ($14.41) to GBX 1,274 ($16.04) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, January 6th. BNP Paribas restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 1,065 ($13.40) price objective on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Tuesday, January 10th. Macquarie upgraded St. James's Place plc to an “outperform” rating and upped their price objective for the stock from GBX 924 ($11.63) to GBX 1,186 ($14.93) in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of St. James's Place plc in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. St. James's Place plc currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 1,143.07 ($14.39). Shares of St. James's Place plc (LON:STJ) opened at 1108.00 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,066.39 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,019.26. St. James's Place plc has a 52-week low of GBX 521.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,126.44. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.79 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 20.67 ($0.26) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This is an increase from St. James's Place plc’s previous dividend of $12.33. This represents a yield of 1.96%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/st-jamess-place-plc-stj-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. In other St. James's Place plc news, insider Andrew Croft sold 6,471 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,053 ($13.25), for a total value of £68,139.63 ($85,764.17). About St. James's Place plc St. James’s Place plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which provides wealth management advice, investment management and related services to businesses and individuals across the United Kingdom. The Company’s segments include Life business, Unit Trust business, Distribution business and Other. The Company’s Life business segment offers pensions, protection and investment products through its life assurance subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for St. James's Place plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for St. James's Place plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Agree Realty Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agree Realty Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Position Reduced by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Teachers Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) PT Raised to GBX 660 at HSBC Holdings plc Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Has $699,000 Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 78,601 Shares of Store Capital Corp (STOR) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.381 Million Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.522 Million Position in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Downgraded by JMP Securities Ellington Financial LLC (EFC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Dover Motorsports, Inc. (DVD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Earns “Buy” Rating from BTIG Research Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in Agree Realty Co. (NYSE:ADC) by 639.7% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 273,456 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock after buying an additional 236,488 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC’s holdings in Agree Realty were worth $12,593,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of ADC. Rhumbline Advisers increased its stake in Agree Realty by 5.9% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 38,761 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,916,000 after buying an additional 2,160 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Agree Realty by 8.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,625,679 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $80,374,000 after buying an additional 133,195 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Agree Realty by 13.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 31,171 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,541,000 after buying an additional 3,680 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Agree Realty by 45.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 40,240 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,989,000 after buying an additional 12,590 shares during the period. Finally, Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in Agree Realty by 226.1% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 45,578 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $2,254,000 after buying an additional 31,600 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.48% of the company’s stock. Agree Realty Co. (NYSE:ADC) opened at 51.08 on Monday. Agree Realty Co. has a one year low of $38.59 and a one year high of $51.33. The company’s 50-day moving average is $48.40 and its 200 day moving average is $46.79. The company has a market capitalization of $1.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.93 and a beta of 0.60. Agree Realty (NYSE:ADC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.64 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.38 by $0.26. The firm earned $25.30 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $24.68 million. Agree Realty had a net margin of 47.05% and a return on equity of 7.88%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 32.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $0.60 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Agree Realty Co. will post $1.67 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were issued a $0.495 dividend. This represents a $1.98 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.88%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Agree Realty’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 106.45%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/teachers-advisors-llc-buys-236488-shares-of-agree-realty-co-adc.html. A number of research firms have recently weighed in on ADC. Wunderlich downgraded shares of Agree Realty from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $49.00 to $51.00 in a report on Monday, February 27th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a $49.00 target price on shares of Agree Realty in a report on Monday, April 17th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Agree Realty from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their target price on shares of Agree Realty from $54.00 to $53.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, January 6th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co began coverage on shares of Agree Realty in a report on Thursday, January 26th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. Agree Realty has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $51.50. About Agree Realty Agree Realty Corporation (Agree Realty) is an integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) primarily focused on the ownership, acquisition, development and management of retail properties. The Company operates through Agree Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership). As of December 31, 2016, its portfolio consisted of 366 properties located in 43 states and totaling approximately seven million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ADC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Agree Realty Co. (NYSE:ADC). Receive News & Ratings for Agree Realty Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Agree Realty Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Blueprint Medicines Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $283,000 Position in Cowen Group Inc (COWN) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) South State Co. (SSB) Stake Boosted by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 18,325 Shares of Colony Capital Inc (CLNY) Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Stake Maintained by AQR Capital Management LLC Nomura Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Celanese Co. (CE) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC China Telecom Co. Limited (CHA) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Rating Increased to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Neff Corp (NEFF) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Purchases Shares of 18,500 Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.457 Million Stake in Barnes & Noble, Inc. (BKS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.398 Million Position in Fabrinet (FN) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $282,000 Stake in Benefitfocus Inc (BNFT) Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Stake Maintained by Fmr LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC purchased a new position in Blueprint Medicines Corp (NASDAQ:BPMC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm purchased 10,291 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock, valued at approximately $289,000. Several other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp during the third quarter worth $267,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp by 9.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 11,015 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $327,000 after buying an additional 915 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp by 3.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 164,725 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $4,892,000 after buying an additional 5,325 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp by 4.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 911,788 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $27,080,000 after buying an additional 39,995 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Spark Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp by 22.7% in the third quarter. Spark Investment Management LLC now owns 177,300 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $5,265,000 after buying an additional 32,800 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.51% of the company’s stock. Shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp (NASDAQ:BPMC) opened at 45.12 on Monday. Blueprint Medicines Corp has a one year low of $13.27 and a one year high of $47.40. The firm’s market cap is $1.49 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $41.56 and its 200-day moving average price is $34.13. Blueprint Medicines Corp (NASDAQ:BPMC) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.75) EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.76) by $0.01. Blueprint Medicines Corp had a negative net margin of 270.30% and a negative return on equity of 55.22%. The business had revenue of $7.69 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.31 million. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted ($0.58) EPS. Blueprint Medicines Corp’s revenue was up 65.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that Blueprint Medicines Corp will post ($3.28) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/aqr-capital-management-llc-purchases-new-stake-in-blueprint-medicines-corp-bpmc.html. BPMC has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Blueprint Medicines Corp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Morgan Stanley initiated coverage on Blueprint Medicines Corp in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $45.00 price target on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Blueprint Medicines Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $52.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 13th. JMP Securities initiated coverage on Blueprint Medicines Corp in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $46.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Canaccord Genuity upped their price target on Blueprint Medicines Corp from $40.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $41.69. In other news, major shareholder Rock Ventures Ii L.P. Third sold 1,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.28, for a total transaction of $35,280,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, major shareholder Mark J. Levin sold 30,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.88, for a total transaction of $1,226,400.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 116,444 shares in the company, valued at $4,760,230.72. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 3.93% of the company’s stock. Blueprint Medicines Corp Company Profile Blueprint Medicines Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on patients with genomically defined diseases driven by abnormal kinase activation. It focuses on crafting drug candidates that provide clinical responses to patients without adequate treatment options. It has developed a small molecule drug pipeline in cancer and a genetic disease. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BPMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Blueprint Medicines Corp (NASDAQ:BPMC). Receive News & Ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Parker Drilling Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $283,000 Position in Cowen Group Inc (COWN) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) South State Co. (SSB) Stake Boosted by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 18,325 Shares of Colony Capital Inc (CLNY) Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Stake Maintained by AQR Capital Management LLC Nomura Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Celanese Co. (CE) CBL & Associates Properties, Inc. (CBL) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Church & Dwight Co., Inc. (CHD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC China Telecom Co. Limited (CHA) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Banco Santander Brasil SA (BSBR) Rating Increased to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Neff Corp (NEFF) Shares Bought by Renaissance Technologies LLC Renaissance Technologies LLC Purchases Shares of 18,500 Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.457 Million Stake in Barnes & Noble, Inc. (BKS) Renaissance Technologies LLC Has $1.398 Million Position in Fabrinet (FN) Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Has $282,000 Stake in Benefitfocus Inc (BNFT) Amber Road Inc (AMBR) Stake Maintained by Fmr LLC Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet AQR Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) by 9.3% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 115,535 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 11,897 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Parker Drilling Company were worth $300,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Parker Drilling Company by 1,347.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 3,132,110 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $8,143,000 after buying an additional 2,915,700 shares during the period. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 35.7% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 1,293,300 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $3,363,000 after buying an additional 339,900 shares in the last quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 1,197.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 327,089 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $850,000 after buying an additional 301,871 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 8.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,379,683 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $5,164,000 after buying an additional 182,181 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Heartland Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of Parker Drilling Company by 26.5% in the third quarter. First Heartland Consultants Inc. now owns 380,000 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock worth $825,000 after buying an additional 79,500 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 64.07% of the company’s stock. Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD) opened at 1.60 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is $199.73 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $1.65 and a 200-day moving average price of $2.18. Parker Drilling Company has a one year low of $1.35 and a one year high of $3.16. WARNING: “Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/parker-drilling-company-pkd-shares-sold-by-aqr-capital-management-llc.html. A number of brokerages have recently weighed in on PKD. Tudor Pickering raised Parker Drilling Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Parker Drilling Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $2.95. In other Parker Drilling Company news, Director Peter Thomas Fontana bought 160,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The shares were bought at an average price of $1.90 per share, for a total transaction of $304,000.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 168,021 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $319,239.90. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 3.68% of the company’s stock. Parker Drilling Company Company Profile Parker Drilling Company (Parker Drilling) is a provider of contract drilling, and drilling-related services and rental tools and services. The Company’s business consists of two business lines: drilling services and rental tools services. Its Rental Tools Services business includes U.S. Rental Tools and International Rental Tools segments, and its Drilling Services business includes its U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PKD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Parker Drilling Company (NYSE:PKD). Receive News & Ratings for Parker Drilling Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Parker Drilling Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Peugeot SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peugeot SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. Analysts Issue Forecasts for DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for e.l.f. Beauty Inc Issued By SunTrust Banks (ELF) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Raised by Analyst Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Gilead Sciences, Inc. Raised by Analyst (GILD) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Marcus Corp Lifted by Barrington Research (MCS) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Surge Energy Inc (SGY) PT Raised to C$3.25 Opsens Inc. (OPS) PT Set at C$2.00 by Royal Bank of Canada CLSA Upgrades James Hardie Industries plc (JHX) to Outperform Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Arlington Asset Investment Corp (AI) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday AbbVie Inc (ABBV) PT Set at $71.00 by Leerink Swann Timmins Gold Corp.’s (TMM) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at Clarus Securities Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) PT Set at $185.00 by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Exfo’s (EXF) “Sector Perform Market Weight” Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($25.53) price target on Peugeot SA (EPA:UG) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on UG. Macquarie set a €17.00 ($18.09) price target on shares of Peugeot SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.00 ($23.40) price target on shares of Peugeot SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €22.00 ($23.40) price target on shares of Peugeot SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €19.60 ($20.85) price target on shares of Peugeot SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €19.00 ($20.21) price target on shares of Peugeot SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €19.36 ($20.59). Shares of Peugeot SA (EPA:UG) opened at 18.02 on Tuesday. Peugeot SA has a 1-year low of €10.08 and a 1-year high of €20.06. The firm has a market cap of €14.45 billion and a PE ratio of 9.34. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €18.60 and its 200-day moving average is €16.29. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jpmorgan-chase-24-00-price-target.html. Peugeot SA Company Profile Peugeot SA is a holding company. The Company operates through three segments. The Automotive Division covers the design, manufacture and sale of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles under the Peugeot, Citroen and DS brands. The Automotive Equipment Division corresponds to the Faurecia Group consisting of Interior Systems, Automotive Seating and Clean Mobility. Receive News & Ratings for Peugeot SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Peugeot SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Croda International Plc’s (CRDA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Glencore PLC (GLEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG Travis Perkins plc (TPK) Given Outperform Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Independence Realty Trust Inc (IRT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Texas Instruments (TXN) – Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Cineplex Inc (CGX) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Royal Bank of Canada Downgrades Cascades Inc (CAS) to Sector Perform Constellation Software Inc. (CSU) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Copper Mountain Mining Co.. (CMMC) Upgraded by TD Securities to “Speculative Buy” AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Anthem Inc (ANTM) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Timmins Gold Corp. Raised by Analyst (TMM) ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €16.40 by Jefferies Group LLC HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Taseko Mines Ltd (TKO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €69.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €110.00 Price Target Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Lowered by Seaport Global Securities Glencore PLC (GLEN) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Credit Suisse Group AG April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG reissued their outperform rating on shares of Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) in a report released on Wednesday morning. Credit Suisse Group AG currently has a GBX 410 ($5.24) target price on the natural resources company’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on GLEN. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Glencore PLC from GBX 315 ($4.03) to GBX 355 ($4.54) and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Societe Generale reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 400 ($5.11) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an underweight rating and set a GBX 260 ($3.32) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 380 ($4.86) price target on shares of Glencore PLC in a report on Friday, February 24th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 345.17 ($4.41). Glencore PLC (LON:GLEN) opened at 305.50 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 316.72 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 293.46. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 43.53 billion. Glencore PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 124.55 and a 52 week high of GBX 347.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/glencore-plc-glen-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, September 7th will be paid a dividend of €0.04 ($0.04) per share. This represents a yield of 0.84%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, September 7th. About Glencore PLC Glencore plc is an integrated producer and marketer of commodities, such as metals and minerals, energy products, agricultural products and Corporate and other. The Metals and minerals segment is engaged in copper, zinc/lead, nickel, ferroalloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore production and marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Glencore PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Kings of the Jungle A dozen new names made it onto our roster of the world's most respected chief executives, joining stalwarts such as Warren Buffett and Steve Jobs. Thirty profiles illustrate how they got here. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Andrew Bary Biography Updated March 23, 2009 11:59 p.m. ET FRANKLY, WE HAD SOME concerns about drawing up our annual list of the 30 Most Respected CEOs. In a year of devastating losses, plunging stock prices and endless scandal, could we really find 30 CEOs worthy of great respect? To our surprise, there were actually many more -- leaders who are not only weathering the tumult relatively unscathed but positioning their companies to thrive when conditions finally improve. A group of Barron's editors winnowed the field to 30, after speaking with investors, analysts, executives and others. Strong financial controls, client focus and innovation have been keys to survival. Randy Jones for Barron's The final list is made up of chief executive officers from around the world who are doing outstanding jobs of keeping their companies out of trouble and on course. That means conservative financial management, a strong focus on the customer and relentless innovation. The roster includes no fewer than 12 new names. Jeff Bezos of Amazon.com, for instance, has transformed his company from an online bookseller to one of the world's top retailers, with a true hot product in its Kindle wireless e-book reader. Under Jim Skinner, McDonald's started growing again as the company capitalized on healthier foods like salads, while not ignoring its core customers who crave Big Macs. In financial services, few leaders stand taller than JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon, who has avoided major mishaps and become the go-to guy for regulators looking to unload crippled companies like Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. Of course, adding a dozen names meant kicking a dozen off. They included Kenneth Chenault of American Express (now mired in credit-quality problems), Lew Frankfort of Coach (groping to find his way in the collapsed luxury market) and Jeffrey Immelt of General Electric (sitting on pile of potentially troubled real-estate investments). The list includes 12 executives from outside the U.S. -- from a supermarket baron in England to an electronic-games whiz from Japan. But for all its surprises, the list also includes some old standbys, corporate luminaries who were just were just bound to be there. Like Warren Buffett. Despite a 50% drop in the stock market from its 2007 peak, Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway brka 1.4503396364971544% Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE USD165.78 2.37 1.4503396364971544% /Date(1493067696494-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3872503 AFTER HOURS USD165.78 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 262971 P/E Ratio 16.979914578062743 Market Cap 403435830888.86 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 606296 More quote details and news » brka in Your Value Your Change Short position remains a financial Fort Knox, with a cash hoard of $24 billion. TOP 30 CEOS: B-D | F-J | L-Ma | M-Sc | S | T-W THIS RANKING ISN'T BASED on any statistical formula. Barron's has an investment focus, and we pay close attention to how stocks perform during a CEO's tenure. It shouldn't be surprising, then, that most of the 30 stocks have beaten the Standard & Poor's 500 index during the CEO's tenure. In the year ended Feb. 27, the average performance of the stocks has been a loss of 31.8% -- not good, but significantly better than the S&P 500, which was off 44.8%. To make the grade, CEOs need to have been on the job for at least three years, and we prefer those with at least five years of experience. It takes time to affect corporate cultures and establish a reputation in the investment community. While the stock prices of these companies often shine, most of the CEOs in our Hall of Fame aren't obsessed with creating "shareholder value." That mantra, which was embraced by a broad swath of Corporate America, often involved acquisitions or financial gimmicks like massive share repurchases that left companies burdened with debt and ill-prepared to deal with the business and financial challenges of the past year. Barron's Andrew Bary talks about the world's top 30 CEOs, including leaders from some familiar names: Berkshire Hathaway, JP Morgan, FedEx. Costco Wholesale COST 0.9135093986063126% Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq USD172.33 1.56 0.9135093986063126% /Date(1493067600301-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1854431 AFTER HOURS USD172.33 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 52472 P/E Ratio 31.79520295202952 Market Cap 74957958071.3422 Dividend Yield 1.0445076307085244% Rev. per Employee 555936 More quote details and news » COST in Your Value Your Change Short position CEO Jim Sinegal is a prime illustration. Sinegal is proud that his stock has consistently maintained one of the highest price/earnings ratios in the retailing industry. Yet Costco is no slave to Wall Street. Sinegal's view is that if a company treats employees fairly and provides good value to customers, shareholders will benefit in the long run. When commodity prices started to decline in the fall, Costco moved to cut prices, even before its suppliers did. A popular item like rotisserie chickens, for instance, dropped by $1, to $4.99 -- and Costco sells a million of them each week in its 400 domestic stores. "It's easy to raise prices," Sinegal said last week. "It benefits you today, but will hurt you tomorrow" by alienating customers. Costco refuses to mark up the price of any product by more than 15%. THE BEST CEOS HAVE A passion for the job, and many of those on our list have been at it for a long time. The 73-year-old Sinegal, a Costco co-founder, says he "loves coming to work," despite a grueling travel schedule that takes him to nearly all of the 400 domestic stores once a year. Buffett has famously said that he "tap dances" to work every day. Apple aapl 0.9629577563787165% Apple Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD143.64 1.37 0.9629577563787165% /Date(1493067600228-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16510699 AFTER HOURS USD143.78 0.14 0.09746588693957114% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 625634 P/E Ratio 17.20239520958084 Market Cap 746425273773.059 Dividend Yield 1.5873015873015872% Rev. per Employee 1874840 More quote details and news » aapl in Your Value Your Change Short position owes much of its success to one man, Steve Jobs. While Jobs has been rightly criticized for being evasive about his health problems in the past year, he remains one of the most valuable CEOs on the planet. Apple comes up with a steady stream of innovative tech products, including, most recently, an iPod the size of a paper clip. The company has managed to create a cachet around a commodity product, the personal computer: Buyers pay as much as twice the price for a Macintosh relative to comparable PCs, which Apple mercilessly mocks in its clever TV ads. No wonder that Apple's market value of $90 billion is more than four times that of Dell's, which used to dominate Apple. One test of a great CEO is whether Wall Street greets a departure with displeasure or relief. Jobs is the ultimate CEO on that score. Apple shares probably will fall if he's unable to resume an active role as CEO in the summer, after his health-related leave of absence. The 78-year-old Buffett has been in good health, and Berkshire shareholders are hoping the Great One is able to run the show for at least another five years to take advantage of so many juicy investment opportunities. The list of 30 has great founder/CEOs like Buffett, Smith of FedEx fdx 1.770293609671848% FedEx Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD188.56 3.28 1.770293609671848% /Date(1493067725257-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1403856 AFTER HOURS USD188.56 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 129542 P/E Ratio 26.74609929078014 Market Cap 49539239673.6145 Dividend Yield 0.8485362749257531% Rev. per Employee 342679 More quote details and news » fdx in Your Value Your Change Short position and Bezos, as well as top-notch managers like John Chambers of Cisco Systems, csco 1.4015843997562463% Cisco Systems Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq USD33.28 0.46 1.4015843997562463% /Date(1493067600208-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 14859887 AFTER HOURS USD33.23 -0.05 -0.1502403846153846% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 540565 P/E Ratio 17.066666666666666 Market Cap 164357830981.489 Dividend Yield 3.485576923076923% Rev. per Employee 659023 More quote details and news » csco in Your Value Your Change Short position Sam Palmisano of IBM, ibm 0.2307020825539344% International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD160.75 0.37 0.2307020825539344% /Date(1493067744621-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 4891748 AFTER HOURS USD160.7 -0.05 -0.03110419906687403% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 428860 P/E Ratio 13.216855087358685 Market Cap 151272507581.607 Dividend Yield 3.4836702954898913% Rev. per Employee 191576 More quote details and news » ibm in Your Value Your Change Short position Hugh Grant of Monsanto, mon 0.45021645021645024% Monsanto Co. U.S.: NYSE USD116.02 0.52 0.45021645021645024% /Date(1493067726044-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1914452 AFTER HOURS USD115.96 -0.06 -0.05171522151353215% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 25296 P/E Ratio 26.671264367816093 Market Cap 50682325607.2998 Dividend Yield 1.8617479744871575% Rev. per Employee 600042 More quote details and news » mon in Your Value Your Change Short position Mark Hurd of Hewlett-Packard hpq 1.366867140513942% HP Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD18.54 0.25 1.366867140513942% /Date(1493067785529-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 7594709 AFTER HOURS USD18.4101 -0.1299 -0.7006472491909385% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 459931 P/E Ratio 12.786206896551723 Market Cap 30971921839.6423 Dividend Yield 2.8629989212513482% Rev. per Employee 992898 More quote details and news » hpq in Your Value Your Change Short position and Rex Tillerson of ExxonMobil. xom 0.5205105961085637% Exxon Mobil Corp. U.S.: NYSE USD81.11 0.42 0.5205105961085637% /Date(1493067799363-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 8254396 AFTER HOURS USD81.14 0.03 0.03698680803846628% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 475305 P/E Ratio 43.321048977193826 Market Cap 342103980072.588 Dividend Yield 3.698680803846628% Rev. per Employee 2716890 More quote details and news » xom in Your Value Your Change Short position IBM has been able to produce consistent earnings gains despite an awful economy and declining tech spending, while Monsanto recently became one of the few large companies to lift profit guidance for its current fiscal year. Exxon has the largest market value of any company on the planet, and there's a reason: It's one of the best-run companies anywhere, and posts some of the highest returns in the energy sector. Investors recognize this, because Exxon commands a consistent P/E premium to its peers. With some $32 billion in cash, it is in a great position to buy wounded rivals now that energy prices have crashed. With its expertise in bonds, BlackRock blk 2.2721261175474794% BlackRock Inc. U.S.: NYSE USD386.65 8.59 2.2721261175474794% /Date(1493067721161-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 574528 AFTER HOURS USD389.5998 2.9498 0.7629121944911419% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 21284 P/E Ratio 19 Market Cap 61574254988.418 Dividend Yield 2.58631837579206% Rev. per Employee 881769 More quote details and news » blk in Your Value Your Change Short position earns one of the highest valuations in the asset-management industry. CEO Larry Fink is viewed as one of the smartest and most capable executives in the field, and there is periodically speculation that he will leave to head a larger company. Fink was under consideration to succeed Stan O'Neal at Merrill Lynch in 2007 -- and luckily for him, he didn't get the job. The buzz on 56-year-old Fink is that while he loves BlackRock, a firm that he helped found 20 years ago, he may want the challenge and recognition that comes with a higher-profile position. If Fink wants to leave, there certainly are plenty of turnaround situations awaiting him in financial services. OUR LIST DOES COME WITH a caveat: Inclusion is no guarantee of continued success. The biggest embarrassment from the 2008 list was Fred Goodwin, the former CEO of Royal Bank of Scotland. The bank, once one of the largest in the world, has effectively been nationalized by the U.K. government after loan problems and a disastrous deal to buy ABN Amro. Known as Fred the Shred because of his cost-cutting zeal after the bank's many acquisitions, Goodwin has been shredded in the British media, and he got shown the door by his new boss -- an unhappy British government. Some of this year's CEOs may be risky bets, too. Consider Lakshmi Mittal of ArcelorMittal, the world's leading steel company. Mittal is a controversial choice because of the company's heavy debt after a series of acquisitions, but we are betting that Mittal can handle it. Not everyone is going to agree with our choices. We're bound to make some mistakes, and we welcome feedback. Let us know which CEOs we should add, drop or retain. For potential additions, we generally prefer larger companies with market values of at least a few billion dollars. Please e-mail your suggestions to editors@barrons.com. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Barron's Cover 1. Morningstar’s New Funds Gambit: Opportunity and Controversy 2. As Drug Prices Fall, These Stocks Could Rise 3. TIAA/Nuveen: A Trillion Dollar Startup Is Making Its Move 4. Under Armour Stock Is Ready to Rebound 5. The World’s Best CEOs: An Exclusive Barron’s List Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s Why Tesla Can’t Go Far in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our Smartphone Priorities Are All Messed Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Sarepta's Soaring Fortunes 2 Snap's IPO Brings New Investors Into the Market 3 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
BREAKING NEWS: Palm sees sharpest dip in 1 wk on stronger ringgit, output concerns … Benchmark JGBs edge higher, underpinned by liquidity auction … PSL scandal allege Nasir Jamshed challenges PCB … PSO better in 9MFY17 … Lucky Cement 9MFY17: Steady performance … Climate Change Act: Cautious optimism … Nishat Mills troublesome 3Q … GSK healthy as ever … Doom again for PMPKL … South Africa fast bowler charged for match-fixing … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Markets » Energy » Asia » Oil edges up after six days of straight losses Asia Oil edges up after six days of straight losses Imaduddin Apr 25th, 2017 10:17 0 SINGAPORE: Oil prices inched up on Tuesday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of declines as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures added 24 cents, or 0.5 percent, by 0305 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.47 a barrel. Brent crude rose 26 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.86 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 percent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavour to balance the oil market". JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve. Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Imaduddin Previous Asia stocks rise, euro steady as relief from French vote buoys sentiment Next N. Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayerische Motoren Werke AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Timmins Gold Corp. Raised by Analyst (TMM) ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €16.40 by Jefferies Group LLC HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Taseko Mines Ltd (TKO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €69.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €110.00 Price Target Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Lowered by Seaport Global Securities Wayfair Inc (W) Shares Down 5.4% on Insider Selling EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd -‘s (YIN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Rambus Inc. (RMBS) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Kura Oncology Inc (KURA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Upgraded at TheStreet Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sandvine Co. (SVC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.52 Per Share Barclays PLC Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €110.00 Price Target April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €110.00 ($119.57) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. BMW has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Morgan Stanley set a €78.00 ($84.78) price target on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, January 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €93.00 ($101.09) price target on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. equinet AG set a €96.00 ($104.35) price target on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €83.00 ($90.22) price target on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($130.43) price target on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €89.92 ($97.74). Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) opened at 87.113 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of €57.24 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.337. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a 12 month low of €63.42 and a 12 month high of €91.67. The company’s 50-day moving average is €83.98 and its 200-day moving average is €84.04. WARNING: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/barclays-plc-analysts-give-bayerische-motoren-werke-ag-bmw-a-110-00-price-target.html. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Company Profile Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Germany-based automobile and motorcycle manufacturer. It divides its activities into four segments: Automobiles, Motorcycles, Financial Services and Other Entities. The Automotive segment develops, manufactures, assembles and sells cars and off-road vehicles under the brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce as well as spare parts and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Schneider Electric SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Timmins Gold Corp. Raised by Analyst (TMM) ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €16.40 by Jefferies Group LLC HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) PT Set at €87.00 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Bank Financial Research Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for Taseko Mines Ltd (TKO) Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €69.00 by Citigroup Inc Barclays PLC Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €110.00 Price Target Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Lowered by Seaport Global Securities Wayfair Inc (W) Shares Down 5.4% on Insider Selling EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd -‘s (YIN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Rambus Inc. (RMBS) Given “Hold” Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Kura Oncology Inc (KURA) Rating Reiterated by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Facebook Inc (FB) Rating Reiterated by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc El Pollo LoCo Holdings Inc (LOCO) Upgraded at TheStreet Premium Brands Holdings Corp (PBH) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Sandvine Co. (SVC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Abaxis Inc (ABAX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Autoliv Inc. (ALV) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.52 Per Share Schneider Electric SE (SU) PT Set at €69.00 by Citigroup Inc April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) has been given a €69.00 ($75.00) price target by analysts at Citigroup Inc in a research note issued on Friday. The firm presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also issued reports on SU. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €72.00 ($78.26) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €79.00 ($85.87) target price on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. S&P Global set a €70.00 ($76.09) price target on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Morgan Stanley set a €70.00 ($76.09) price target on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €73.00 ($79.35) price target on Schneider Electric SE and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €70.21 ($76.31). Shares of Schneider Electric SE (EPA:SU) opened at 74.20 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of €41.18 billion and a P/E ratio of 24.01. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €67.64 and its 200 day moving average price is €65.34. Schneider Electric SE has a 52 week low of €49.50 and a 52 week high of €74.45. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/schneider-electric-se-su-pt-set-at-69-00-by-citigroup-inc.html. Schneider Electric SE Company Profile Schneider Electric SE is a France-based company that specializes in electricity distribution, automation management and produces installation components for energy management. The Company has five divisions organized by business: Energy and Infrastructure, which includes medium and low voltage, installation systems and control, renewable energies and includes customer segments in Utilities, Marine, residential and oil & gas sector; Industry, which includes automation & control which includes water treatment and mining, minerals & metals industries; Buildings, which includes building automation and security, whose customers are hotels, hospitals, office and retail buildings; Data canters and networks, and Residential which is engaged in solutions for saving electricity bills by combining lighting and heating control features. Receive News & Ratings for Schneider Electric SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Schneider Electric SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Oil Rises After Six Days of Straight Losses ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Oil Rises After Six Days of Straight Losses Published April 25, 2017 Markets Reuters Facebook Twitter Print Oil prices inched up on Tuesday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of declines as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. Continue Reading Below U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures added 24 cents, or 0.5 percent, by 0305 GMT (11:05 p.m. ET), but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.47 a barrel. Brent crude rose 26 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.86 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 percent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavor to balance the oil market". Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve.   (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin and Sherry Jacob-Phillips) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Moneygram International Inc (MGI) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.15 Per Share -$0.44 EPS Expected for Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) This Quarter $0.12 EPS Expected for MannKind Co. (MNKD) This Quarter -$0.17 EPS Expected for NantHealth Inc (NH) This Quarter Pier 88 Investment Partners LLC Has $372,000 Stake in Imperva Inc (IMPV) Vetr Inc. Downgrades UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) to Hold BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Downgraded to Hold at Vetr Inc. Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Hold” Tower Semiconductor Ltd. (TSEM) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.47 Per Share $76.25 Million in Sales Expected for Manitex International Inc (MNTX) This Quarter Zacks Investment Research Upgrades International Speedway Corp (ISCA) to “Hold” Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Lowered to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Anticipate Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Will Announce Earnings of $0.37 Per Share Insider Selling: Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) CEO Sells 5,000 Shares of Stock Zacks: Analysts Expect GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $121.77 Million Fabrinet (FN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $363.37 Million Torchmark Co. (TMK) VP Ben Lutek Sells 26,250 Shares Aecon Group Inc (ARE) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Flowserve Corp (FLS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages -$0.44 EPS Expected for Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) This Quarter April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages expect Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) to report ($0.44) earnings per share for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks. Zero analysts have made estimates for Clearside Biomedical’s earnings. The highest EPS estimate is ($0.38) and the lowest is ($0.60). The firm is scheduled to issue its next earnings report on Tuesday, June 13th. On average, analysts expect that Clearside Biomedical will report full-year earnings of ($1.94) per share for the current financial year, with EPS estimates ranging from ($2.90) to ($1.56). For the next year, analysts expect that the business will post earnings of ($2.03) per share, with EPS estimates ranging from ($2.37) to ($1.50). Zacks’ EPS averages are an average based on a survey of research firms that that provide coverage for Clearside Biomedical. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.33) by $0.12. The business earned $0.01 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $0.01 million. CLSD has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Needham & Company LLC cut their price objective on Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Clearside Biomedical has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.80. In other Clearside Biomedical news, Director Clay Thorp sold 41,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.60, for a total value of $315,286.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, insider Daniel H. White sold 8,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total value of $60,400.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 527,217 shares in the company, valued at $3,980,488.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 283,510 shares of company stock worth $2,062,895. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. A.R.T. Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $101,000. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 47.9% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 12,918 shares of the company’s stock valued at $115,000 after buying an additional 4,181 shares in the last quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its position in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 1,764.2% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 9,321 shares of the company’s stock valued at $162,000 after buying an additional 8,821 shares in the last quarter. Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $203,000. Finally, Norges Bank acquired a new position in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $417,000. 33.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “-$0.44 EPS Expected for Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) This Quarter” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/0-44-eps-expected-for-clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-this-quarter.html. Shares of Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded up 1.62% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $7.55. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 80,874 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $190.91 million. Clearside Biomedical has a 52-week low of $5.44 and a 52-week high of $25.08. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $7.40 and a 200-day moving average price of $11.64. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Clearside Biomedical (CLSD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS E-home and smart city loans have contributed to our faster growth: Gagan Banga, Indiabulls Housing Finance Sensex zooms: Shares of DLF, BHEL, ICICI Bank soar in volume US, China could start a steel war Euro pauses after rally; Canadian dollar floored by US lumber duties Promoters went gung-ho on these 35 stocks in Q4; should you buy? Raising import duty to 25% won't revive tur prices Current Gold Price: Track current gold rate trends and news RIL zooms 3% to hit 9-year high after stellar Q4 show Usha Martin tanks 4% as its largest lender SBI confronts promoters Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ViewsNews ET Home›Markets›Commodities›News 11:57 AM | 25 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,848192.04 NIFTY 50 9,27557.35 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,990-141.00 USD/INR 64.28-0.16 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Oil edges up after six days of straight losses By Reuters | Updated: Apr 25, 2017, 10.53 AM IST Post a Comment SINGAPORE: Oil prices inched up on Tuesday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of declines as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. US West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures added 24 cents, or 0.5 per cent, by 0305 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.47 a barrel. Brent crude rose 26 cents, or 0.5 per cent, to $51.86 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 per cent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavour to balance the oil market". JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 per cent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve. Comments(0)Add Comments Oil edges up after six days of straight losses To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read US is swimming in crude oil Efforts on to reduce crude oil imports: Dharmendra Pradhan Commodity wrap: Crude oil, silver futures fall; nickel gains The real world of crude oil has a warning for financial markets Geopolitical uncertainties to guide crude oil market in near term READ MORE ONUSmarketsMarketFuture deliveryCrude oil Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Gain Peace of Mind with This Home Upgrade Alarm.com Professional Tips for Cleaning This Spring Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country LivinglyMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Satyam case: Ramalinga Raju's lust for land tripped him Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This Gown Caused All The Paparazzi To Flock To Her On The .. StyleBistro What were the headlines on the day you were born? Newspapers.com Drop-Tested Construction & Extended-Life Batteries Help En.. Microsoft 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Go, buy now! 13 solid money making ideas for next 3 weeks Here is your Big Short: Bubble in debt market, may burst any time RIL excels on every front from GRM to net profit in Q4: Top takeaways RIL beats Street again, GRM up at $11.5, profit grows 11.54% YoY Sixteen stocks in focus on Tuesday, 25 April 2017 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Bahubali 2 BSE Sensex|RPS vs MI Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Business Oil&Gas Oil edges up after six days of straight losses 25 April 2017 07:21 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel, Reuters reported. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures CLc1 added 21 cents, or 0.4 percent, by 0123 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.44 a barrel. Brent crude futures LCOc1 rose 23 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.83 per barrel. Traders said the slight gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays small price rises, overall market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down nearly 10 percent since the end of December despite an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. "It is evident that ... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)," U.S. bank JPMorgan said in its latest weekly oil market update to clients. The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss," and that it "will review macro balances in the coming weeks before initiating further trades." Indicating that the bank's view on markets had turned bearish, JP Morgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is seen as a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future delivery that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store crude for sale at a later date. "There is further short-term downside to prices," JPMorgan said, adding that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. Tags: oil prices brent Russia Related news Oil slips on OPEC cut extension doubts, Russia output worries Oil&Gas 24 April 22:43 Will Iraq be exempt from OPEC deal extension? Oil&Gas 24 April 15:35 OPEC oil price drops below $50/bbl Oil&Gas 24 April 11:40 Oil prices rising after sharp decline on Apr. 21 Oil&Gas 24 April 10:36 Turkey to extend length of visa-free stay for Russians Turkey 24 April 04:00 Russia offers Switzerland to sign agreement on customs collaboration Economy news 23 April 06:23 Russia’s Defense Ministry confirms Russian soldier’s death in Armenia Armenia 23 April 01:49 Azerbaijani oil prices for Apr. 17-21 Oil&Gas 22 April 13:49 Envoy: Turkmenistan-Russia partnership of strategic nature Turkmenistan 22 April 12:05 Lavrov to Tillerson: Russia regrets US opposes proposal on Idlib incident probe Other News 21 April 22:47 Oil prices to be affected by Iran presidential election: analyst Oil&Gas 21 April 21:05 Russia so far reduces oil output by 250,000 bpd Oil&Gas 21 April 15:44 OPEC oil price down Oil&Gas 21 April 13:22 Oil markets remain cautious on record supplies Business 21 April 07:29 Oil prices change differently as US crude stocks decrease Oil&Gas 20 April 19:38 Azerbaijani oil prices down Oil&Gas 20 April 17:20 Oil prices to reach $60-$65/barrel by late 2017 - expert Oil&Gas 20 April 11:18 Oil prices claw back ground after sharp drop, buoyed by U.S. crude stock dip Oil&Gas 20 April 08:43 Most popular Oil output from Kashagan exceeds 2 mln tons First VP Mehriban Aliyeva chairs final meeting of Islamic Solidarity Games Organizing Committee (PHOTO) Israeli justice minister talks blogger Lapshin’s sentence OPEC oil price down Commentary France to again shelve friendship with Armenians after elections Tillerson's remarks may dash hopes for boosting Iran's economy US on verge of big mistake regarding Iran About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fabrinet - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Expect GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $121.77 Million Fabrinet (FN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $363.37 Million Torchmark Co. (TMK) VP Ben Lutek Sells 26,250 Shares Aecon Group Inc (ARE) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Flowserve Corp (FLS) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Expect Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Will Post Earnings of $0.18 Per Share Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal Weight Rating for SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Guaranty Federal Bancshares, Inc. (GFED) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.24 Per Share $0.53 Earnings Per Share Expected for John Bean Technologies Corp (JBT) This Quarter Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Posts Earnings Results, Meets Expectations Analysts Anticipate Inphi Co. (IPHI) to Post $0.22 Earnings Per Share Volkswagen AG (VLKAY) Receives $36.00 Average PT from Brokerages Tate & Lyle PLC (TATYY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Whirlpool Co. (WHR) Releases Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.15 EPS Quidel Co. (QDEL) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.16 EPS Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given Outperform Rating at Cowen and Company Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Earns Overweight Rating from Pacific Crest Fabrinet (FN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $363.37 Million April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages forecast that Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) will post sales of $363.37 million for the current fiscal quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Three analysts have issued estimates for Fabrinet’s earnings, with the lowest sales estimate coming in at $362 million and the highest estimate coming in at $366 million. Fabrinet posted sales of $250.89 million in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 44.8%. The business is expected to report its next quarterly earnings report on Monday, May 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Fabrinet will report full year sales of $363.37 million for the current financial year. For the next year, analysts expect that the business will post sales of $1.59 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $1.57 billion to $1.62 billion. Zacks’ sales averages are a mean average based on a survey of research analysts that follow Fabrinet. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, February 6th. The technology company reported $0.91 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.79 by $0.12. The company had revenue of $351.20 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $335.07 million. Fabrinet had a return on equity of 15.24% and a net margin of 7.32%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 50.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $0.50 earnings per share. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $53.75 price objective on shares of Fabrinet in a report on Sunday, February 12th. Stifel Nicolaus increased their price objective on Fabrinet from $50.00 to $52.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Piper Jaffray Companies raised their price target on Fabrinet from $55.00 to $58.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Fabrinet in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $50.00 price target on Fabrinet and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. Fabrinet currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $52.79. In other Fabrinet news, CEO David T. Mitchell sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $41.48, for a total value of $3,111,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 225,000 shares of company stock worth $9,346,500. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Fabrinet by 19.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,419,841 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $107,901,000 after buying an additional 393,691 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its position in shares of Fabrinet by 23.9% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,322,831 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $93,610,000 after buying an additional 448,000 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Fabrinet by 17.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,018,297 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $45,406,000 after buying an additional 154,790 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Fabrinet by 7.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 748,985 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $30,178,000 after buying an additional 49,708 shares during the period. Finally, Quentec Asset Management LLC raised its position in shares of Fabrinet by 25.5% in the third quarter. Quentec Asset Management LLC now owns 722,925 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $32,235,000 after buying an additional 146,946 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 90.98% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Fabrinet (FN) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $363.37 Million” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/fabrinet-fn-expected-to-announce-quarterly-sales-of-363-37-million.html. Fabrinet (NYSE:FN) traded up 1.34% during trading on Friday, hitting $38.55. The company had a trading volume of 544,023 shares. Fabrinet has a 1-year low of $31.09 and a 1-year high of $49.63. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.29 and a beta of 1.50. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $40.47 and its 200-day moving average price is $41.18. About Fabrinet Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical and electronic manufacturing services to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of products, such as optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, medical devices and sensors. The Company offers a range of optical and electro-mechanical capabilities across the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, complex printed circuit board assembly, advanced packaging, integration, final assembly and test. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Fabrinet (FN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Fabrinet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fabrinet and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Oil edges up after six straight sessions of losses Add to ... By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE — Reuters Published Monday, Apr. 24, 2017 9:32PM EDT Last updated Tuesday, Apr. 25, 2017 2:55AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Oil prices recovered some ground on Tuesday, halting six consecutive sessions of slide, but markets remain under pressure as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude futures <CLc1> had added 14 cents, or 0.3 percent, by 0640 GMT (2:40 a.m. ET), but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.37 a barrel. Brent crude <LCOc1> rose 14 cents, or 0.27 percent, to $51.74 per barrel. Traders said the gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays increases, market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down 10 percent since late 2016 despite efforts led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. Given that oil supplies remain at record highs despite the cuts, Stephen Schork of the Schork report said on Tuesday that "OPEC has failed miserably in its endeavor to balance the oil market". JPMorgan said in its latest weekly market note to clients that "it is evident that... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)." The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss." Indicating its cautious outlook, JPMorgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future dispatch that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store it for later. JPMorgan said that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. While producers may hurt under the renewed slack in crude markets, consumers like refiners benefit as their production margins making fuels such as gasoline improve <DUB-SIN-REF> <GL92-SIN-CRK>. (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin and Subhranshu Sahu) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   Topics Brent Organisation of the Petroleum Exporting Countries Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Obama makes first post-presidency appearance Life What was Starbucks thinking with their new Unicorn Frappuccino? News North Korea video simulation shows missile attack on U.S. Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: How do I avoid people trying to sell me investment products? News In struggling middle America, Trump hits high note Video From hockey rink to basketball court in seven hours News Banned under Islamic State, toys make welcome return to Mosul Life Caitlyn Jenner on why she wrote a memoir Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: How much money do you to rent in cities across Canada? Report on Business Jimmy Choo seeks a buyer Arts Elton John recovering from a bacterial infection News Trump challenges UN Security Council on North Korea ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Victoria looks to follow Vancouver on foreign-buyers tax Life Kenneth Lata was an unlikely survivor and always a fighter Most popular U.S. imposing 20-per-cent tariff on Canadian softwood lumber exports April 25: Your daily horoscope Ontario to roll out basic income in three cities Globe editorial: Donald Trump’s first 100 days, summed up in one interview Christy Clark promises to fight U.S.-imposed softwood lumber tariffs X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Asia stocks, euro steady as markets pause for breath after French election Business Standard Oil edges up after six days of straight losses Reuters  |  SINGAPORE  April 25, 2017 Last Updated at 07:01 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV3PZr ALSO READ Oil prices rise as planned oil production cuts start to materialise Oil dips on rising U.S. crude inventories, plentiful global supplies Crude oil eases for second day on rising U.S. inventories Crude oil eases for second day on rising U.S. production Oil prices edge up despite unexpected U.S. crude inventory build By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures added 21 cents, or 0.4 percent, by 0123 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.44 a barrel. Brent crude futures rose 23 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.83 per barrel. Traders said the slight gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays small price rises, overall market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down nearly 10 percent since the end of December despite an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. "It is evident that ... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)," U.S. bank JPMorgan said in its latest weekly oil market update to clients. Click http://reut.rs/2pV0qww for graphic on record oil shipments The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss," and that it "will review macro balances in the coming weeks before initiating further trades." Indicating that the bank's view on markets had turned bearish, JP Morgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is seen as a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future delivery that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store crude for sale at a later date. "There is further short-term downside to prices," JPMorgan said, adding that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. Click http://reut.rs/2pZzFr7 for graphic on Russian oil supplies (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Oil | Crude Oil | Singapore | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Oil edges up after six days of straight losses SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures added 21 cents, or 0.4 percent, by 0123 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.44 a barrel. Brent crude futures rose 23 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.83 per barrel. Traders said the slight gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays small price rises, overall market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down nearly 10 percent since the end of December despite an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. "It is evident that ... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)," U.S. bank JPMorgan said in its latest weekly oil market update to clients. Click http://reut.rs/2pV0qww for graphic on record oil shipments The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss," and that it "will review macro balances in the coming weeks before initiating further trades." Indicating that the bank's view on markets had turned bearish, JP Morgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is seen as a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future delivery that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store crude for sale at a later date. "There is further short-term downside to prices," JPMorgan said, adding that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. Click http://reut.rs/2pZzFr7 for graphic on Russian oil supplies (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Oil edges up after six days of straight losses By Henning Gloystein SINGAPORE (Reuters) - Oil prices inched up on Monday but markets remain under pressure following six consecutive sessions of losses as traders lose confidence that pledged output cuts by major producers will rein in oversupply in a world awash with fuel. U.S. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil futures added 21 cents, or 0.4 percent, by 0123 GMT, but remained below the $50 mark pierced late last week, at $49.44 a barrel. Brent crude futures rose 23 cents, or 0.5 percent, to $51.83 per barrel. Traders said the slight gains were a counter-reaction to consecutive price drops in the previous six sessions. Despite Tuesdays small price rises, overall market sentiment has turned bearish, with Brent down nearly 10 percent since the end of December despite an effort led by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and Russia to cut output by 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) in the first half of 2017 in order to tighten the market. "It is evident that ... crude markets are still struggling to clear (oversupply)," U.S. bank JPMorgan said in its latest weekly oil market update to clients. Click http://reut.rs/2pV0qww for graphic on record oil shipments The bank said that it was closing its "August Brent long position at a loss," and that it "will review macro balances in the coming weeks before initiating further trades." Indicating that the bank's view on markets had turned bearish, JP Morgan said that "crude markets are close to floating storage economics and (this) is a bearish sign for output price developments." Floating storage is seen as a clear indicator of oversupplied markets. It is pursued when oil for immediate delivery is so much cheaper than that for future delivery that it becomes profitable for traders to charter tankers to store crude for sale at a later date. "There is further short-term downside to prices," JPMorgan said, adding that in order to reduce the ongoing supply overhang, OPEC "will be forced to renew, and possibly deepen the agreement if they wish to keep prices much above $50 per barrel." Russia said on Monday that its oil output could climb to the highest rate in 30 years if OPEC and non-OPEC producers do not extend a supply reduction deal beyond June 30. Thomson Reuters Eikon data shows that Russian oil shipments, which exclude its pipeline exports, have already reached record highs of 5 million bpd in April, up 17 percent since December, before the cuts were officially implemented. Click http://reut.rs/2pZzFr7 for graphic on Russian oil supplies (Reporting by Henning Gloystein; Editing by Richard Pullin) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated -- GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Stocks, euro surge as France’s Macron favoured for presidential win (VIDEO) Tuesday April 25, 2017 09:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Reasons why so many global players are chasing our Proton Annuar Musa called in for MARA investigation The Edit: Google launches second-gen Jump camera for filming VR The Edit: These very hungry caterpillars can eat your plastic trash Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Emmanuel Macron celebrates after partial results in the first round of 2017 French presidential election, at the Parc des Expositions hall in Paris, France April 23, 2017. — Reuters pic NEW YORK, April 25 — Global markets rallied yesterday after moderate candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of France’s presidential election, sending stocks to records on both sides of the Atlantic and boosting the euro.  Sunday’s election result avoided the most feared outcome: a second-round contest May 7 between far right, anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen and far left Jean-Luc Melenchon, both fierce critics of the European Union. “Collectively, there has been a big sigh of relief in global markets this morning after the first round of balloting in the French presidential election avoided the worst-case scenario of a Le Pen-Melenchon run off,” said Briefing.com analyst Patrick O’Hare. Germany’s blue-chip DAX index jumped 3.4 per cent to end at a fresh record, while Paris climbed 4.1 per cent and London 2.1 per cent. Major US indices gained more than one per cent and the Nasdaq finished at a new record on large gains for Google parent Alphabet, Facebook and other tech giants. Banking stocks, in particular, took off, with some financials, like Societe Generale and Credit Agricole in Paris, posting double-digit intraday gains and US names like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America winning more than three per cent. Investors globally had been fearful that a wave of populism, which swept US President Donald Trump into the White House and saw Britain vote to leave the EU, could lead to a win for the anti-European Le Pen and put the future of the bloc in doubt. However, Macron is widely expected to gallop to victory over the divisive National Front leader and traders gave a huge thumbs-up. The euro shot higher to trade above US$1.09 (RM4.79) at one point, compared with US$1.0726 on Friday. “European markets are in a buoyant mood,” said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG trading group. “The move back into risk assets means the chief losers have been the likes of gold and the Japanese yen, with stock markets moving sharply higher.” The price of safe-haven gold fell by more than one per cent on the day. ·      But will it last? -Some cautioned that the party mood may fizzle out by the time of the second round vote in two weeks, followed by a parliamentary vote in June.   “Our optimism is a bit muted,” said Stefan Kreuzkamp at CIO Deutsche Asset Management. “A lot depends on the outcome of the parliamentary election and how this outcome supports Macron’s mandate.” Macron, a political neophyte despite serving as a government minister, has no established political organization behind him and no seats in parliament. Oil had another volatile day as investors mulled the chances of OPEC extending an output cut agreement beyond June. After a firmer start, the oil price fell back into negative territory on selling by traders doubting that any extension, if agreed, would actually soak up the current glut on oil markets. Key figures at 2100 GMT New York - Dow: UP 1.1 per cent at 20,763.89 (close)  New York - S&P 500: UP 1.1 per cent at 2,374.15 (close) New York - Nasdaq: UP 1.2 per cent at 5,983.82 (close) London - FTSE 100: UP 2.1 per cent at 7,264.68 (close) Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 3.4 per cent at 12,454.98 (close) Paris - CAC 40: UP 4.1 per cent at 5,268.85 (close) EURO STOXX 50: UP 3.7 per cent at 3,577.38 (close) Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 1.4 per cent at 18,875.88 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 0.4 per cent at 24,139.48 (close) Shanghai - Composite: DOWN 1.4 per cent at 3,129.53 (close) Euro/dollar: UP at US$1.0867 from US$1.0726 at 2100 GMT Friday Pound/dollar: DOWN at US$1.2793 from US$1.2810 Dollar/yen: UP at 109.78 yen from 109.15 yen Oil - Brent North Sea: DOWN 36 cents at US$51.60 per barrel Oil - West Texas Intermediate: DOWN 39 cents at US$49.23 per barrel. — AFP                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Why are global players chasing Proton? Singapore's no-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats French election spurs equity market, euro rally (VIDEO) Ringgit opens at 4.3890/3920 against US greenback Bursa opens high in tandem with upbeat Wall St performance Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion 1MDB, IPIC settle debt dispute Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Serena Williams calls Nastase’s comments racist Reuters Video: Obama back in the spotlight, vows to help future leaders Reuters Video: Venezuela’s death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Asian currencies rise, ringgit catching up (VIDEO) Bursa shares on firm note at mid-morning Singapore’s no-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats Bursa opens high in tandem with upbeat Wall St performance Short-term rates expected to remain stable Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu WA Today Business Login Sign-up Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a WA Today member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Cars Tech Video All News WA News WA Election 2017 National Environment Health Education Galleries Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News ACT News Queensland Sport AFL WA Sport Cricket Union Soccer NRL Racing Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business Politics Politics Political Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Comment View from the Street Blunt Instrument Obituaries Satire Heckler Entertainment Movies TV & Radio TV Guide Music Art Stage Books Your Perth Video Lifestyle News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist Tech News Security Web Culture Innovation Sci-Tech Games Gadgets Smartphone Apps Mobiles Video News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News Markets Quotes Federal Budget 2017 Workplace Consumer Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Property Innovation Home Business April 25 2017 - 7:32AM Save Print European bears pay price for political worries Aleksandra Gjorgievska and Justina Lee facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Scepticism is again proving unhealthy for European stock bears who see a monster behind every door. They were punished anew on Monday. French stocks and regional benchmarks surged to their highest levels since 2015 after centrist Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the country's presidential elections. SHARE Share on Facebook SHARE Share on Twitter TWEET Link The DAX index curve is displayed inside the Frankfurt Stock Exchange; the index rose 3.4 per cent on Monday. Deutsche Asset Management upgraded European equities to overweight. Photo: Krisztian Bocsi Again and again, politics are cited as a reason to avoid European equities, and again and again — from the US presidential election to votes in Turkey and the Netherlands — the warnings result in investors kicking themselves for being overly cautious. "Investors have looked at politics this year and used that as an excuse not to allocate to Europe," Stephen Macklow-Smith, who helps manage about $US2.2 billion of European equities for JPMorgan Asset Management in London, said in an interview. "Assuming Emmanuel Macron wins in the second round, people will have no more excuses." Fund managers in recent months had cited a possible victory for right-wing, anti-euro Marine Le Pen in the French vote as the most pressing risk causing them to hold back on investing in European stocks. Opinion polls, which fairly closely predicted the outcome of Sunday's vote, indicate Macron will win the final vote by a landslide. That's prompting investors to shift their focus to the region's improving economic fundamentals. Macklow-Smith is among a slew of investors pointing to improving corporate profits and a sounder economic backdrop as factors that will lend further support to Europe's stock market. Deutsche Bank's Deutsche Asset Management moved quickly, upgrading European equities to overweight a day after the French vote. Advertisement Invesco, which manages about $US835 billion, is especially positive on banks, arguing that a benign French election result could encourage the European Central Bank to turn less accommodative at some point this year. "I would expect to see a resurgence of Europe as an investment area," Matthew Perowne, a Henley-on-Thames, UK-based fund manager at the firm, said, referring to equities. "If we have a favourable round two, which is our base case, then I suspect at some point in the second half, rates will become less negative, which is a big tailwind for bank earnings." Pain trade? Not Monday's bullishness harks back to the few voices in January who predicted European stocks might be the "pain trade" of the new year. Stephane Barbier de la Serre, a strategist at Makor Capital Markets in Geneva, said three months ago that "risks that populist candidates take power are very slim, so people are getting it wrong". A broad consensus among investors and analysts is that stocks reliant on economic growth have the most to gain now that a Le Pen presidency seems less likely, reducing her threat to the stability of the euro area. Cyclical shares including lenders and auto makers led gains among industry groups in the Stoxx Europe 600 Index overnight. And recent strong data on German business sentiment and euro-area private-sector activity signal a pickup in the region's economic momentum. Still, the bullishness is nascent. Last year, European equity funds saw $US113 billion in outflows, according to EPFR Global data. Strategists at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch predicted an increase in inflows if a runoff between Le Pen and Communist-backed Jean-Luc Melenchon was avoided. The return of international investors will be key to reversing last year's trend, Perowne said. "We had said for a while that Europe looked attractive as an investment destination, but had been holding back from further investment owing to political concerns," John Wyn-Evans, head of investment strategy at Investec Wealth & Investment, wrote in a note Monday. "Europe has the potential for further recovery." Advertisement HuffPost Australia When Your Boss Hates You Contains: External link Ways To Grab The Attention Of Your ... Contains: External link Most Popular Australia is Trump's infrastructure role model Would you pay to watch free-to-air TV? The one thing Australians waste two hours at work on every week 'I am sad I am not on television anymore': O'Reilly breaks his silence How a lost street food recipe made Hiroe a millionaire Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow WA Today Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business The one thing Australians waste two hours at work on every week Anzac Day among 'most dangerous days' for marketers CEO's secret bid to buy her $22 million company for $1 Australia is Trump's infrastructure role model Decades of 'more pain than happiness', warns Jack Ma WA Today 'I'm shaking right now, that thing is massive.' Fisherman films 16 foot shark White supremacists paper Perth suburbs with stolen poster art Xi warns Trump in phone call not to go beyond UN resolutions Expensive day for Perth driver caught doing burn-out on 'car cruise' The one thing Australians waste two hours at work on every week The Sydney Morning Herald North Korea highlights 1250 US marines in Darwin to warn of nuclear war Elon Musk posted an intimate photo with girlfriend Amber Heard at the Gold Coast Massive bull shark caught after 'a huge fight' at Lake Macquarie Global fugitive to be extradited over people smuggling tragedy Marine Le Pen steps down as party leader The Age Losing my religion for equality Xi warns Trump in phone call not to go beyond UN resolutions Uber CEO Travis Kalanick plays with fire Fears of second Watersun collapse after building sites abandoned Marine Le Pen steps down as party leader Brisbane Times Elon Musk posted an intimate photo with girlfriend Amber Heard at the Gold Coast I spent three years paying someone else's tolls Cairns business flooded with complaints after posting sign about Israelis Family watched goalkeeper die after 'massive heart attack' on Brisbane pitch Backlash for 'no Israelis' sign comes 10 years after it was displayed Canberra Times Two new mobile speed cameras hit Canberra roads Public servants face big super slug PNG politician critical of Peter Dutton over Manus Island claims was dismissed as MP Popular Canberra cafe in trouble for allegedly underpaying staff The village people: how years of neglect created Oaks Estate's unique character WA Today Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters WA Today Sitemap About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2017Fairfax Media Website Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance New Oriental Education & Tech Grp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Bank of Montreal (BMO) PT at $100.00 Brokerages Set New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) PT at $61.17 Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Impact Manchester United PLC (MANU) Stock Price LendingClub Corp (LC) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. COM CL B (OSGB) Earns News Sentiment Score of 0.21 KMG Chemicals (KMG) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds Brokerages Set Square Inc (SQ) PT at $16.69 Brokerages Set Forterra PLC (FORT) Target Price at $229.40 Zacks: Brokerages Set $6.00 Target Price for Sorl Auto Parts, Inc. (SORL) Brokerages Anticipate Heartland Express, Inc. (HTLD) to Announce $0.18 Earnings Per Share -$0.10 Earnings Per Share Expected for Harmonic Inc (HLIT) This Quarter Dynex Capital (DX) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.19 Dorchester Minerals (DMLP) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Finds Dana (DAN) Given Media Impact Score of 0.11 Crane (CR) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Cintas (CTAS) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Likely to Affect Carlisle Companies (CSL) Stock Price Crestwood Equity Partners LP (CEQP) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Kemper Corp (KMPR) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Brokerages Set New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) PT at $61.17 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) have earned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the nine brokerages that are presently covering the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $61.17. Several research analysts recently commented on the stock. Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $75.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $62.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. Bank of America Corp started coverage on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. They issued a “neutral” rating on the stock. Finally, Nomura upgraded shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $46.00 to $58.00 in a report on Friday, January 6th. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of EDU. Comerica Bank boosted its position in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 12.6% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 8,926 shares of the company’s stock valued at $435,000 after buying an additional 996 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. boosted its position in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 6.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 117,329 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,439,000 after buying an additional 7,009 shares during the last quarter. Greenwoods Asset Management Ltd acquired a new position in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp during the third quarter valued at about $2,318,000. New Silk Road Investment PTE Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp during the fourth quarter valued at about $3,052,000. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp by 20.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,156,897 shares of the company’s stock valued at $99,994,000 after buying an additional 368,744 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 76.14% of the company’s stock. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) remained flat at $62.81 on Friday. 1,799,261 shares of the company traded hands. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp has a 52 week low of $37.16 and a 52 week high of $64.37. The stock has a market capitalization of $9.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 41.03 and a beta of 1.29. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $57.40 and a 200-day moving average price of $50.13. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $0.43 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $437.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $418.67 million. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp had a net margin of 14.96% and a return on equity of 16.46%. The firm’s revenue was up 26.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.34 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that New Oriental Education & Tech Grp will post $1.74 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/brokerages-set-new-oriental-education-tech-grp-edu-pt-at-61-17.html. About New Oriental Education & Tech Grp New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc is a provider of private educational services in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company provides educational services under its New Oriental brand. The Company operates through seven segments, which include language training and test preparation, primary and secondary school education, online education, content development and distribution, pre-school education, overseas study consulting services and study tour. Receive News & Ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petra Diamonds Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate First Financial Corp (THFF) to Announce $0.66 Earnings Per Share Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Will Post Earnings of -$0.27 Per Share Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.52 Per Share Zacks: Analysts Anticipate KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) to Post $0.22 EPS $1.08 Earnings Per Share Expected for TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) This Quarter ResMed Inc. (RMD) Expected to Post Earnings of $0.70 Per Share Brokerages Anticipate Galapagos NV (GLPG) to Announce -$0.50 Earnings Per Share UDR, Inc. (UDR) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Zacks: Analysts Expect Allstate Corp (ALL) to Announce $1.36 EPS Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Acquires 20 Shares of CenterState Banks Inc (CSFL) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Position Cut by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Advisors Capital Management LLC Lowers Stake in Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Buys New Stake in Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Position Decreased by UMB Bank N A MO Sigma Planning Corp Purchases 16,002 Shares of Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Sigma Planning Corp Purchases 2,605 Shares of BCE Inc. (BCE) Sigma Planning Corp Purchases 4,263 Shares of DTE Energy Co (DTE) UMB Bank N A MO Sells 4,275 Shares of Air Methods Corp (AIRM) Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Inventure Foods (SNAK) Share Price Recent Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Petra Diamonds Limited (PDL) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet A number of research firms have changed their ratings and price targets for Petra Diamonds Limited (LON: PDL): 4/24/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Panmure Gordon. They now have a GBX 152 ($1.94) price target on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 165 ($2.11) price target on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its price target lowered by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 200 ($2.56) to GBX 185 ($2.37). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at FinnCap. They now have a GBX 203 ($2.60) price target on the stock. 3/31/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 170 ($2.17) price target on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Canaccord Genuity. They now have a GBX 165 ($2.11) price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Petra Diamonds Limited had its price target lowered by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 175 ($2.24) to GBX 170 ($2.17). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. Shares of Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) traded up 1.57% on Monday, hitting GBX 129.00. The company had a trading volume of 1,391,804 shares. Petra Diamonds Limited has a 52 week low of GBX 98.50 and a 52 week high of GBX 173.60. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 132.17 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 147.39. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 679.50 million. Petra Diamonds Limited is an independent diamond mining company and supplier of rough diamonds to the international market. The Company’s segments include Mining and Exploration. The Mining segment includes the extraction and sale of rough diamonds from mining operations in South Africa and Tanzania. Receive News & Ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman TD Ameritrade Announces Pricing of $800 Million Senior Notes Offering OMAHA, Neb.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD) today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of $800 million of the Company’s senior notes due 2027. The notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.300 percent, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on Oct. 1, 2017. The notes will mature on Apr. 1, 2027. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, financing the acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. The offering is expected to close Apr. 27, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Barclays Capital Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers of the offering. In addition, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated is acting as co-manager. The offering is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and a prospectus, which have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and may be obtained by contacting Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at (888) 603-5847 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at (800) 645-3751. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how – bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information, or read our stories on our corporate blog, Fresh Accounts, at http://freshaccounts.amtd.com. Safe Harbor This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. In particular, any projections regarding our future revenues, expenses, earnings, capital expenditures, effective tax rates, client trading activity, accounts, stock price or any projections or expectations regarding the proposed business combination transaction between us and Scottrade Financial Services, Inc., as well as the assumptions on which such expectations are based, are forward-looking statements. These statements reflect only our current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance or results. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: general economic and political conditions and other securities industry risks, fluctuations in interest rates, stock market fluctuations and changes in client trading activity, credit risk with clients and counterparties, increased competition, systems failures, delays and capacity constraints, network security risks, liquidity risks, new laws and regulations affecting our business, regulatory and legal matters, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and meet other closing conditions to the proposed transaction, including the completion of the merger between Scottrade Bank and TD Bank, N.A., on the expected terms and schedule; delay in closing the transaction; difficulties and delays in integrating the TD Ameritrade and Scottrade businesses or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits; business disruption following the proposed transaction; changes in asset quality and credit risk; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in interest rates and capital markets; inflation; customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices; customer disintermediation; the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; competitive conditions; TD Ameritrade’s and Scottrade’s businesses experiencing disruptions due to transaction-related uncertainty or other factors making it more difficult to maintain relationships with employees, customers, other business partners or governmental entities; the inability to realize synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with mergers, acquisitions and uncertainties and other risk factors described in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on Nov. 18, 2016 and our latest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed thereafter. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inhalers Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Next PostNext Three Months, Still No Word on Disappeared South Sudanese Men Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman TD Ameritrade Announces Pricing of $800 Million Senior Notes Offering OMAHA, Neb.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD) today announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of $800 million of the Company’s senior notes due 2027. The notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.300 percent, payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year, beginning on Oct. 1, 2017. The notes will mature on Apr. 1, 2027. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the sale of the notes for general corporate purposes including, but not limited to, financing the acquisition of Scottrade Financial Services, Inc. The offering is expected to close Apr. 27, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Barclays Capital Inc., Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, TD Securities (USA) LLC, and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers of the offering. In addition, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated is acting as co-manager. The offering is being made solely by means of a prospectus supplement and a prospectus, which have been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and may be obtained by contacting Barclays Capital Inc. toll-free at (888) 603-5847 or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC toll-free at (800) 645-3751. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to purchase, any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq: AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how – bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information, or read our stories on our corporate blog, Fresh Accounts, at http://freshaccounts.amtd.com. Safe Harbor This document contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. We intend these forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions of the federal securities laws. In particular, any projections regarding our future revenues, expenses, earnings, capital expenditures, effective tax rates, client trading activity, accounts, stock price or any projections or expectations regarding the proposed business combination transaction between us and Scottrade Financial Services, Inc., as well as the assumptions on which such expectations are based, are forward-looking statements. These statements reflect only our current expectations and are not guarantees of future performance or results. These statements involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results or performance to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. These risks, uncertainties and assumptions include, but are not limited to: general economic and political conditions and other securities industry risks, fluctuations in interest rates, stock market fluctuations and changes in client trading activity, credit risk with clients and counterparties, increased competition, systems failures, delays and capacity constraints, network security risks, liquidity risks, new laws and regulations affecting our business, regulatory and legal matters, the ability to obtain regulatory approvals and meet other closing conditions to the proposed transaction, including the completion of the merger between Scottrade Bank and TD Bank, N.A., on the expected terms and schedule; delay in closing the transaction; difficulties and delays in integrating the TD Ameritrade and Scottrade businesses or fully realizing cost savings and other benefits; business disruption following the proposed transaction; changes in asset quality and credit risk; the inability to sustain revenue and earnings growth; changes in interest rates and capital markets; inflation; customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices; customer disintermediation; the introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives; competitive conditions; TD Ameritrade’s and Scottrade’s businesses experiencing disruptions due to transaction-related uncertainty or other factors making it more difficult to maintain relationships with employees, customers, other business partners or governmental entities; the inability to realize synergies or to implement integration plans and other consequences associated with mergers, acquisitions and uncertainties and other risk factors described in our latest Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on Nov. 18, 2016 and our latest Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed thereafter. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except to the extent required by the federal securities laws. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Inhalers Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Sales Forecast and Supply Demand to 2022 Next PostNext Three Months, Still No Word on Disappeared South Sudanese Men Search Recent Posts Javer Reports Strong FCF Generation and Positive Net Result in 1Q17 Asia-Pacific CBCT/Cone Beam Imaging Systems Market by Product Types, Application and Growth Forecasts to 2022 Automated Hospital Beds Market: Regional Industry Segment by Production, Consumption, Revenue and Growth Rate by 2022 Builders’ and Cabinet Hardware Market 2015-2022 – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Builders’ and Cabinet Hardware Market 2015-2022 – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Proudly powered by WordPress
Fresenius Kabi to Acquire Akorn Strategically complementary combination to enhance and diversify Fresenius Kabi’s business and portfolio At $34.00 a share, transaction valued at approximately $4.3 billion, plus the assumption of debt Transaction expected to close by early 2018 Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 24, 2017 04:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time LAKE ZURICH, Ill. & LAKE FOREST, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fresenius Kabi has agreed to acquire Akorn (NASDAQ: AKRX), a U.S.-based manufacturer and marketer of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, for approximately $4.3 billion, or $34.00 a share, plus the assumption of approximately $450 million of debt1. The transaction is expected to close by early 2018 and to be accretive in 2018 to Fresenius Group net income and EPS, excluding integration costs. The agreement and transaction have been approved by the boards of both companies and will be recommended by Akorn’s board to its shareholders. Akorn’s largest shareholder has committed to supporting the transaction. The transaction is subject to approval by Akorn shareholders and other customary closing conditions, including regulatory review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. “Joining our two companies and product portfolios will strengthen and diversify both businesses,” said John Ducker, president and CEO of Fresenius Kabi USA. “Akorn brings to Fresenius Kabi specialized expertise in development, manufacturing and marketing of alternate dosage forms, as well as access to new customer segments like retail, ophthalmology and veterinary practices. Its pipeline is also impressive, with approximately 85 ANDAs filed and pending with the FDA and dozens more in development.” “Fresenius Kabi is an excellent fit for Akorn, strategically and culturally,” said Raj Rai, Akorn’s Chief Executive Officer. “Fresenius brings to Akorn the strength and resources of a global leader with an experienced U.S. team and an outstanding record of growth and award-winning service in the United States. We look forward to working with Fresenius Kabi on this next phase of our growth. When the transaction closes, we will strive to ensure a smooth transition for our employees and customers.” Akorn also announced today that based on a preliminary review of Q1 results, it is reaffirming its previously announced 2017 guidance, excluding any one-time costs related to the transaction with Fresenius Kabi. Fresenius Kabi specializes in sterile injectable medicines. Akorn produces a diverse portfolio comprising sterile ophthalmics, topical creams, ointments and gels, oral liquids, otic solutions (for the ear), nasal sprays and respiratory drugs in addition to sterile injectables, which made up just 35% of Akorn sales last year. Akorn products are sold in retail pharmacies (prescription and over-the-counter) and directly to physician and veterinary distributors, in addition to hospitals and clinics – virtually all in North America. Fresenius Kabi is a global health care company with a worldwide network for pharmaceutical and medical devices R&D, manufacturing, sourcing, sales and supply chain that will be a valuable resource to grow Akorn’s portfolio in the U.S. and abroad. The U.S. headquarters for Akorn and Fresenius Kabi are both in Northern Illinois, located in close proximity. Akorn employs more than 2,000 people worldwide. Fresenius Kabi employs more than 30,000 worldwide. Fresenius Kabi has a successful track record of growing pharmaceutical acquisitions in the United States. Fresenius Kabi acquired APP Pharmaceuticals in 2008 and has more than tripled its sales to nearly $2 billion. The company acquired the Simplist™ line of prefilled syringes from BD last year and has already doubled the sales of this portfolio. Fresenius Kabi’s financial advisers for the transaction were Credit Suisse and Moelis, with Allen & Overy acting as its primary legal adviser. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as Akorn’s financial adviser, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Polsinelli PC served as its legal advisers. About Fresenius Kabi and the Fresenius Group Fresenius Kabi (www.fresenius-kabi.us) is a global health care company that specializes in medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. The company’s products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients. The company’s U.S. headquarters is in Lake Zurich, Illinois. The company’s global headquarters is in Bad Homburg, Germany. Fresenius Kabi is part of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is a global health care group, providing products and services for dialysis, hospital and outpatient medical care. In 2016, Groups sales were €29.1 billion. On December 31, 2016, the Fresenius Group had nearly 233,000 employees worldwide. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.fresenius.com. About Akorn Inc. Akorn Inc. is a specialty generic pharmaceutical company engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of multisource and branded pharmaceuticals. It has a diversified portfolio of more than 180 generic, branded, OTC and animal health products. Akorn manufactures ophthalmic, injectable and niche sterile and non-sterile pharmaceuticals. In 2016, Akorn grew revenues 13% to $1.1 billion and net income increased 22% to $184 million. The company employs more than 2,000 people and has three R&D centers and five manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland and India. Additional information is available on Akorn’s website at www.akorn.com. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed acquisition of Akorn, Inc. (“Akorn”) by Fresenius Kabi AG (“Fresenius Kabi”). In connection with the proposed acquisition, Akorn intends to file relevant materials with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including Akorn’s proxy statement in preliminary and definitive form. Shareholders of Akorn are urged to read all relevant documents filed with the SEC, including Akorn’s proxy statement when it becomes available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders are able to obtain the documents (once available) free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or free of charge from Akorn at http://investors.akorn.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=78132&p=irol-sec or by directing a request to Stephanie Carrington, Senior Vice President, ICR at 847-279-6162 or Stephanie.Carrington@icrinc.com. Participants in the Solicitation Akorn and its directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be “participants” in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders of Akorn in favor of the proposed transaction. Information about Akorn’s directors and executive officers is set forth in Akorn’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the interests of these participants which may, in some cases, be different than those of Akorn’s shareholders generally, will also be included in Akorn’s proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction, when it becomes available. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue” or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (“Fresenius Parent”) and their respective subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi may not be completed in a timely manner or at all; (ii) the failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approval of the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi by Akorn’s shareholders; (iii) the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals for Akorn will be made; (iv) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the merger may not be satisfied or waived, including the failure to receive any required regulatory approvals from any applicable governmental entities (or any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on such approvals); (v) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement dated April 24, 2017, among Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Quercus Acquisition, Inc. and, solely for purposes of Article VIII thereof, Fresenius Parent (the “Merger Agreement”), including in circumstances which would require Akorn to pay a termination fee or other expenses; (vi) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on Akorn’s ability to retain and hire key personnel, its ability to maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or its operating results and business generally; (vii) risks related to diverting management’s attention from Akorn’s ongoing business operations; (viii) the risk that shareholder litigation in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability and (ix) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report. None of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi or Fresenius Parent undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. 1 Assumes transaction closes on December 31, 2017. Based on projected debt (excluding deferred financing costs) of approximately $832 million less projected cash and cash equivalents of approximately $382 million, each as of December 31, 2017. Contacts Media: Matt Kuhn Fresenius Kabi (847) 550-5751 matt.kuhn@fresenius-kabi.com or Akorn Investors/Media: Stephanie Carrington ICR, Inc. (646) 277-1282 Stephanie.carrington@icrinc.com Contacts Media: Matt Kuhn Fresenius Kabi (847) 550-5751 matt.kuhn@fresenius-kabi.com or Akorn Investors/Media: Stephanie Carrington ICR, Inc. (646) 277-1282 Stephanie.carrington@icrinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Avangrid Inc (AGR) Price Target at $44.25 Zacks: Pharma Mar (PHMMF) Receives Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Protagonist Therapeutics Inc (PTGX) Receives Average Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Analysts T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.46 EPS BTIM Corp. Acquires 114,371 Shares of AptarGroup, Inc. (ATR) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Has $12.019 Million Stake in IAC/InterActiveCorp (IAC) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Has $11.806 Million Stake in Yelp Inc (YELP) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Acquires 61,092 Shares of Tesla Inc (TSLA) Nucor Co. (NUE) Position Raised by Personal Capital Advisors Corp Personal Capital Advisors Corp Purchases 35,267 Shares of California Water Service Group (CWT) Personal Capital Advisors Corp Buys 11,862 Shares of Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Scotts Miracle-Gro Co (SMG) Position Increased by Personal Capital Advisors Corp Shire PLC (SHPG) Shares Bought by Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Stake Held by Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Time (TIME) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.24 Positive Press Coverage Likely to Impact SYSCO (SYY) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Tesoro Logistics (TLLP) Stock Price $0.34 Earnings Per Share Expected for TeleTech Holdings, Inc. (TTEC) This Quarter Brokerages Set BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. (BDSI) Target Price at $3.80 Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) has been given an average broker rating score of 2.00 (Buy) from the two brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and one has issued a strong buy rating on the company. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10’s rating score has declined by 100% in the last 90 days as a result of a number of analysts’ upgrades and downgrades. Zacks has also assigned DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 an industry rank of 62 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. A number of brokerages have commented on DLGNF. DZ Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Morgan Stanley reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $49.00 target price for the company in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Zacks: DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/zacks-dialog-semiconduct-gbp0-10-dlgnf-receives-consensus-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (NASDAQ:DLGNF) traded up 3.42% during trading on Friday, hitting $45.30. 705 shares of the company were exchanged. DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 has a 1-year low of $30.80 and a 1-year high of $53.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.42 billion and a PE ratio of 13.94. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $49.95 and its 200-day moving average price is $44.13. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 (DLGNF) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DIALOG SEMICONDUCT GBP0.10 and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs Drive DJIA Higher Monday By Paul Ausick April 24, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet April 24, 2017: Markets opened higher Monday following a first round of voting in France that appears at least to maintain both the EU and the currency union. The financial sector traded more than 2% higher near the end of Monday’s trading with real estate and telecom the only sectors showing losses for the day. WTI crude oil for June delivery settled at $49.23 a barrel, down 0.8% on the day. June gold dropped 0.9% for the day to settle at $1,277.50. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 1.10% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 1.11%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 1.27%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Monday was JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) which traded up 3.64% at $87.60. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 25% above the daily average of around 15.7 million. The big bank had no specific news Monday, but the election news from France was particularly good for the financial sector and Morgan has been the best performing big bank on the DJIA. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded up 3.17% at $223.74. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $255.15. Volume was more than 10% higher than the daily average of around 3.9 million shares. The bank reportedly guessed wrong on Peabody Energy and several retailers during the first quarter, but shares got a boost today for the same reason Morgan did. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) traded up 2.69% at $96.86. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.04 to $99.46. Volume was less than 10% above the daily average of around 5.4 million shares. The company reports first-quarter results before markets open Tuesday morning. Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) traded up 1.84% at $67.62. The stock’s 52-week range is $48.04 to $67.65, and the high was posted very late in the afternoon. Volume was less than 10% above the daily average of around 22.5 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow stocks, 26 are on track to close higher Monday and 4 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « The Big Upgrade That Is Driving Steel Stocks Rite Aid, DryShips Stumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning Why Aircraft Carriers Are Hard to Sink 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time Countries With the Fastest Growing and Shrinking Militaries Retailers Closing the Most Stores Recent T-Mobile Posts Solid Q1 Earnings Beat Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Rite Aid, DryShips Stumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs Drive DJIA Higher Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Hasbro Earnings Signal Game-On for 2017, As Stock Pops Here's Why Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd. Lost Its Luster and Fell as Much as 13% 2 Charts That Show Palo Alto Networks Is Built for Growth Express Scripts shares drop 11% as Anthem unlikely to renew contract Nasdaq Composite rises 1.2% to post record close Dow industrials end with gain of around 217 points T-Mobile (TMUS) Gains on Earnings Beat, Strong User Growth Alcoa Corp. (AA) Stock Up on Q1 Earnings Beat McDonald's (MCD) Stock Hits All-Time High Before Q1 Earnings Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood Trump's push to fund wall may be delayed as government shutdown looms Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers Asia tracks French election rally; weak yen lifts Tokyo Trump's Wall Push May be Delayed as Government Shutdown Looms Oil Rises After Six Days of Straight Losses Chobani Sues Alex Jones For Posting Vicious Fake News Stories Why Sheryl Sandberg Decided To Speak Openly About Losing Her Husband TV Writers Just Authorized A Strike That Would Blackout Late Night Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fresenius Kabi to Acquire Akorn LAKE ZURICH, Ill. & LAKE FOREST, Ill.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Fresenius Kabi has agreed to acquire Akorn (NASDAQ: AKRX), a U.S.-based manufacturer and marketer of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, for approximately $4.3 billion, or $34.00 a share, plus the assumption of approximately $450 million of debt1. The transaction is expected to close by early 2018 and to be accretive in 2018 to Fresenius Group net income and EPS, excluding integration costs. The agreement and transaction have been approved by the boards of both companies and will be recommended by Akorn’s board to its shareholders. Akorn’s largest shareholder has committed to supporting the transaction. The transaction is subject to approval by Akorn shareholders and other customary closing conditions, including regulatory review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. “Joining our two companies and product portfolios will strengthen and diversify both businesses,” said John Ducker, president and CEO of Fresenius Kabi USA. “Akorn brings to Fresenius Kabi specialized expertise in development, manufacturing and marketing of alternate dosage forms, as well as access to new customer segments like retail, ophthalmology and veterinary practices. Its pipeline is also impressive, with approximately 85 ANDAs filed and pending with the FDA and dozens more in development.” “Fresenius Kabi is an excellent fit for Akorn, strategically and culturally,” said Raj Rai, Akorn’s Chief Executive Officer. “Fresenius brings to Akorn the strength and resources of a global leader with an experienced U.S. team and an outstanding record of growth and award-winning service in the United States. We look forward to working with Fresenius Kabi on this next phase of our growth. When the transaction closes, we will strive to ensure a smooth transition for our employees and customers.” Akorn also announced today that based on a preliminary review of Q1 results, it is reaffirming its previously announced 2017 guidance, excluding any one-time costs related to the transaction with Fresenius Kabi. Fresenius Kabi specializes in sterile injectable medicines. Akorn produces a diverse portfolio comprising sterile ophthalmics, topical creams, ointments and gels, oral liquids, otic solutions (for the ear), nasal sprays and respiratory drugs in addition to sterile injectables, which made up just 35% of Akorn sales last year. Akorn products are sold in retail pharmacies (prescription and over-the-counter) and directly to physician and veterinary distributors, in addition to hospitals and clinics – virtually all in North America. Fresenius Kabi is a global health care company with a worldwide network for pharmaceutical and medical devices R&D, manufacturing, sourcing, sales and supply chain that will be a valuable resource to grow Akorn’s portfolio in the U.S. and abroad. The U.S. headquarters for Akorn and Fresenius Kabi are both in Northern Illinois, located in close proximity. Akorn employs more than 2,000 people worldwide. Fresenius Kabi employs more than 30,000 worldwide. Fresenius Kabi has a successful track record of growing pharmaceutical acquisitions in the United States. Fresenius Kabi acquired APP Pharmaceuticals in 2008 and has more than tripled its sales to nearly $2 billion. The company acquired the Simplist™ line of prefilled syringes from BD last year and has already doubled the sales of this portfolio. Fresenius Kabi’s financial advisers for the transaction were Credit Suisse and Moelis, with Allen & Overy acting as its primary legal adviser. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as Akorn’s financial adviser, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Polsinelli PC served as its legal advisers. About Fresenius Kabi and the Fresenius Group Fresenius Kabi (www.fresenius-kabi.us) is a global health care company that specializes in medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. The company’s products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients. The company’s U.S. headquarters is in Lake Zurich, Illinois. The company’s global headquarters is in Bad Homburg, Germany. Fresenius Kabi is part of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is a global health care group, providing products and services for dialysis, hospital and outpatient medical care. In 2016, Groups sales were €29.1 billion. On December 31, 2016, the Fresenius Group had nearly 233,000 employees worldwide. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.fresenius.com. About Akorn Inc. Akorn Inc. is a specialty generic pharmaceutical company engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of multisource and branded pharmaceuticals. It has a diversified portfolio of more than 180 generic, branded, OTC and animal health products. Akorn manufactures ophthalmic, injectable and niche sterile and non-sterile pharmaceuticals. In 2016, Akorn grew revenues 13% to $1.1 billion and net income increased 22% to $184 million. The company employs more than 2,000 people and has three R&D centers and five manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland and India. Additional information is available on Akorn’s website at www.akorn.com. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed acquisition of Akorn, Inc. (“Akorn”) by Fresenius Kabi AG (“Fresenius Kabi”). In connection with the proposed acquisition, Akorn intends to file relevant materials with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including Akorn’s proxy statement in preliminary and definitive form. Shareholders of Akorn are urged to read all relevant documents filed with the SEC, including Akorn’s proxy statement when it becomes available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders are able to obtain the documents (once available) free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or free of charge from Akorn at http://investors.akorn.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=78132&p=irol-sec or by directing a request to Stephanie Carrington, Senior Vice President, ICR at 847-279-6162 or Stephanie.Carrington@icrinc.com. Participants in the Solicitation Akorn and its directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be “participants” in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders of Akorn in favor of the proposed transaction. Information about Akorn’s directors and executive officers is set forth in Akorn’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the interests of these participants which may, in some cases, be different than those of Akorn’s shareholders generally, will also be included in Akorn’s proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction, when it becomes available. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue” or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (“Fresenius Parent”) and their respective subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi may not be completed in a timely manner or at all; (ii) the failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approval of the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi by Akorn’s shareholders; (iii) the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals for Akorn will be made; (iv) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the merger may not be satisfied or waived, including the failure to receive any required regulatory approvals from any applicable governmental entities (or any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on such approvals); (v) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement dated April 24, 2017, among Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Quercus Acquisition, Inc. and, solely for purposes of Article VIII thereof, Fresenius Parent (the “Merger Agreement”), including in circumstances which would require Akorn to pay a termination fee or other expenses; (vi) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on Akorn’s ability to retain and hire key personnel, its ability to maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or its operating results and business generally; (vii) risks related to diverting management’s attention from Akorn’s ongoing business operations; (viii) the risk that shareholder litigation in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability and (ix) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report. None of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi or Fresenius Parent undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. 1 Assumes transaction closes on December 31, 2017. Based on projected debt (excluding deferred financing costs) of approximately $832 million less projected cash and cash equivalents of approximately $382 million, each as of December 31, 2017. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Crane Co. Elects New Director Next PostNext Sterne Kessler Recognized At PepsiCo’s 2017 Outside Counsel Diversity Recognition Day Search Recent Posts Douglas Dynamics, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release and Conference Call Patriot Bank Enters into Definitive Agreement to Join National Commerce Corporation TSN and Everest Announce the Everest Curling Challenge, a New World-Class Curling Event in August, 2017 National Commerce Corporation Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings „YPO Innovation Week” Gathers Innovators for Disruptive Business Models Event in Hong Kong Proudly powered by WordPress
Fresenius Kabi to Acquire Akorn Strategically complementary combination to enhance and diversify Fresenius Kabi’s business and portfolio At $34.00 a share, transaction valued at approximately $4.3 billion, plus the assumption of debt Transaction expected to close by early 2018 Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 24, 2017 04:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time LAKE ZURICH, Ill. & LAKE FOREST, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Fresenius Kabi has agreed to acquire Akorn (NASDAQ: AKRX), a U.S.-based manufacturer and marketer of prescription and over-the-counter pharmaceutical products, for approximately $4.3 billion, or $34.00 a share, plus the assumption of approximately $450 million of debt1. The transaction is expected to close by early 2018 and to be accretive in 2018 to Fresenius Group net income and EPS, excluding integration costs. The agreement and transaction have been approved by the boards of both companies and will be recommended by Akorn’s board to its shareholders. Akorn’s largest shareholder has committed to supporting the transaction. The transaction is subject to approval by Akorn shareholders and other customary closing conditions, including regulatory review under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act. “Joining our two companies and product portfolios will strengthen and diversify both businesses,” said John Ducker, president and CEO of Fresenius Kabi USA. “Akorn brings to Fresenius Kabi specialized expertise in development, manufacturing and marketing of alternate dosage forms, as well as access to new customer segments like retail, ophthalmology and veterinary practices. Its pipeline is also impressive, with approximately 85 ANDAs filed and pending with the FDA and dozens more in development.” “Fresenius Kabi is an excellent fit for Akorn, strategically and culturally,” said Raj Rai, Akorn’s Chief Executive Officer. “Fresenius brings to Akorn the strength and resources of a global leader with an experienced U.S. team and an outstanding record of growth and award-winning service in the United States. We look forward to working with Fresenius Kabi on this next phase of our growth. When the transaction closes, we will strive to ensure a smooth transition for our employees and customers.” Akorn also announced today that based on a preliminary review of Q1 results, it is reaffirming its previously announced 2017 guidance, excluding any one-time costs related to the transaction with Fresenius Kabi. Fresenius Kabi specializes in sterile injectable medicines. Akorn produces a diverse portfolio comprising sterile ophthalmics, topical creams, ointments and gels, oral liquids, otic solutions (for the ear), nasal sprays and respiratory drugs in addition to sterile injectables, which made up just 35% of Akorn sales last year. Akorn products are sold in retail pharmacies (prescription and over-the-counter) and directly to physician and veterinary distributors, in addition to hospitals and clinics – virtually all in North America. Fresenius Kabi is a global health care company with a worldwide network for pharmaceutical and medical devices R&D, manufacturing, sourcing, sales and supply chain that will be a valuable resource to grow Akorn’s portfolio in the U.S. and abroad. The U.S. headquarters for Akorn and Fresenius Kabi are both in Northern Illinois, located in close proximity. Akorn employs more than 2,000 people worldwide. Fresenius Kabi employs more than 30,000 worldwide. Fresenius Kabi has a successful track record of growing pharmaceutical acquisitions in the United States. Fresenius Kabi acquired APP Pharmaceuticals in 2008 and has more than tripled its sales to nearly $2 billion. The company acquired the Simplist™ line of prefilled syringes from BD last year and has already doubled the sales of this portfolio. Fresenius Kabi’s financial advisers for the transaction were Credit Suisse and Moelis, with Allen & Overy acting as its primary legal adviser. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as Akorn’s financial adviser, and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP and Polsinelli PC served as its legal advisers. About Fresenius Kabi and the Fresenius Group Fresenius Kabi (www.fresenius-kabi.us) is a global health care company that specializes in medicines and technologies for infusion, transfusion and clinical nutrition. The company’s products and services are used to help care for critically and chronically ill patients. The company’s U.S. headquarters is in Lake Zurich, Illinois. The company’s global headquarters is in Bad Homburg, Germany. Fresenius Kabi is part of Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA. Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA is a global health care group, providing products and services for dialysis, hospital and outpatient medical care. In 2016, Groups sales were €29.1 billion. On December 31, 2016, the Fresenius Group had nearly 233,000 employees worldwide. For more information, visit the company’s website at www.fresenius.com. About Akorn Inc. Akorn Inc. is a specialty generic pharmaceutical company engaged in the development, manufacture and marketing of multisource and branded pharmaceuticals. It has a diversified portfolio of more than 180 generic, branded, OTC and animal health products. Akorn manufactures ophthalmic, injectable and niche sterile and non-sterile pharmaceuticals. In 2016, Akorn grew revenues 13% to $1.1 billion and net income increased 22% to $184 million. The company employs more than 2,000 people and has three R&D centers and five manufacturing facilities in the United States, Switzerland and India. Additional information is available on Akorn’s website at www.akorn.com. Additional Information and Where to Find It This communication may be deemed to be solicitation material in respect of the proposed acquisition of Akorn, Inc. (“Akorn”) by Fresenius Kabi AG (“Fresenius Kabi”). In connection with the proposed acquisition, Akorn intends to file relevant materials with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including Akorn’s proxy statement in preliminary and definitive form. Shareholders of Akorn are urged to read all relevant documents filed with the SEC, including Akorn’s proxy statement when it becomes available, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction and the parties to the proposed transaction. Investors and security holders are able to obtain the documents (once available) free of charge at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov, or free of charge from Akorn at http://investors.akorn.com/phoenix.zhtml?c=78132&p=irol-sec or by directing a request to Stephanie Carrington, Senior Vice President, ICR at 847-279-6162 or Stephanie.Carrington@icrinc.com. Participants in the Solicitation Akorn and its directors, executive officers and other members of management and employees, under SEC rules, may be deemed to be “participants” in the solicitation of proxies from shareholders of Akorn in favor of the proposed transaction. Information about Akorn’s directors and executive officers is set forth in Akorn’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for its 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which was filed with the SEC on March 20, 2017, and its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which was filed with the SEC on March 1, 2017. These documents may be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional information regarding the interests of these participants which may, in some cases, be different than those of Akorn’s shareholders generally, will also be included in Akorn’s proxy statement relating to the proposed transaction, when it becomes available. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This communication contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Readers can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “intend,” “will,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “continue” or similar words. A number of important factors could cause actual results of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Fresenius SE & Co. KGaA (“Fresenius Parent”) and their respective subsidiaries to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, but are not limited to, (i) the risk that the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi may not be completed in a timely manner or at all; (ii) the failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approval of the proposed merger with Fresenius Kabi by Akorn’s shareholders; (iii) the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals for Akorn will be made; (iv) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the merger may not be satisfied or waived, including the failure to receive any required regulatory approvals from any applicable governmental entities (or any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on such approvals); (v) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement dated April 24, 2017, among Akorn, Fresenius Kabi, Quercus Acquisition, Inc. and, solely for purposes of Article VIII thereof, Fresenius Parent (the “Merger Agreement”), including in circumstances which would require Akorn to pay a termination fee or other expenses; (vi) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement on Akorn’s ability to retain and hire key personnel, its ability to maintain relationships with its customers, suppliers and others with whom it does business, or its operating results and business generally; (vii) risks related to diverting management’s attention from Akorn’s ongoing business operations; (viii) the risk that shareholder litigation in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement may result in significant costs of defense, indemnification and liability and (ix) the risk factors detailed in Part I, Item 1A, “Risk Factors,” of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2017) and other risk factors identified herein or from time to time in our periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Readers should carefully review these risk factors, and should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans and estimates at the date of this report. None of Akorn, Fresenius Kabi or Fresenius Parent undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, future events or other changes. 1 Assumes transaction closes on December 31, 2017. Based on projected debt (excluding deferred financing costs) of approximately $832 million less projected cash and cash equivalents of approximately $382 million, each as of December 31, 2017. Contacts Media: Matt Kuhn Fresenius Kabi (847) 550-5751 matt.kuhn@fresenius-kabi.com or Akorn Investors/Media: Stephanie Carrington ICR, Inc. (646) 277-1282 Stephanie.carrington@icrinc.com Contacts Media: Matt Kuhn Fresenius Kabi (847) 550-5751 matt.kuhn@fresenius-kabi.com or Akorn Investors/Media: Stephanie Carrington ICR, Inc. (646) 277-1282 Stephanie.carrington@icrinc.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Business Apprenticeship programs increasingly put workers on track for jobs in finance Kai Steward Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Apprentice Kai Steward, right, works with information technology support member Corey Smith April 17, 2017, in Aon's workplace solutions department in downtown Chicago. Steward, 22, lives in Chicago's Little Village neighborhood. Aon's first class of 26 apprentices started in January. Apprentice Kai Steward, right, works with information technology support member Corey Smith April 17, 2017, in Aon's workplace solutions department in downtown Chicago. Steward, 22, lives in Chicago's Little Village neighborhood. Aon's first class of 26 apprentices started in January. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Alexia Elejalde-RuizContact ReporterChicago Tribune Victor Gutierrez graduated from high school with a clear career goal: to become an actuary. What he didn't have was a clear path to get there. Juggling community college with jobs at McDonald's and a Holiday Inn, Gutierrez had little time for his studies. He worked nearly every day, leaving home at 4 a.m. and returning at midnight, always exhausted and rarely seeing his wife and infant daughter. Gutierrez told his counselor at Harold Washington College that he needed another way. As it happened, one had just become available. Gutierrez is now in the first U.S. apprenticeship class at Aon, a global insurance and risk management giant, where he is paid to work and go to school as he pursues his associate degree in business management, with the hope of eventually getting a bachelor's in actuarial science. "It's a complete life-changer," Gutierrez, 18, said as he sat in the gray suit and tie he wears to work each day in Aon's downtown skyscraper. Aon apprentices Aon's first class of U.S. apprentices started work in January. The company hopes to encourage other insurance and financial services firms to launch apprenticeship programs. April 24, 2017 (Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz / Chicago Tribune) Aon's first class of U.S. apprentices started work in January. The company hopes to encourage other insurance and financial services firms to launch apprenticeship programs. April 24, 2017 (Alexia Elejalde-Ruiz / Chicago Tribune) See more videos Apprenticeships, which in the U.S. are often the domain of the skilled trades, are gaining traction in financial services, one of several white-collar industries the U.S. Department of Labor is pushing to adopt the earn-and-learn model to give a way into a good-paying career without loads of student debt. Efforts to grow apprenticeships have bipartisan support. The Obama administration set a goal of doubling apprenticeships to 750,000 by 2019 and distributed $265 million in grants to expand and create programs. President Donald Trump has not unveiled formal initiatives yet but has expressed support for apprenticeships. During a roundtable about vocational training last month, Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff encouraged Trump to "take a moonshot goal to create 5 million apprenticeships in the next five years," to which Trump responded: "Let's go for that 5 million." The 26 apprentices who started at Aon in January are a drop in that bucket, but the company hopes its experience sets an example. Aon's two-year program recruits high school graduates for positions that traditionally have gone to those with bachelor's degrees. Apprentices work four days a week at Aon and spend one day taking classes at community college, most of them at Harold Washington downtown and some at Harper College in Palatine. By the end they'll have their associate degrees and offers for permanent positions at the company. Aon pays the apprentices $38,500 a year plus their tuition, and gives them benefits. Victor Gutierrez Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Apprentice Victor Gutierrez, left, talks with National Operations Manager Eamon Loughlin on April 17, 2017, at Aon's downtown Chicago offices. Gutierrez, 18, lives in the Belmont-Cragin area on Chicago’s Northwest Side. He is in the first apprenticeship class at Aon, a global insurance and risk management giant. Apprentice Victor Gutierrez, left, talks with National Operations Manager Eamon Loughlin on April 17, 2017, at Aon's downtown Chicago offices. Gutierrez, 18, lives in the Belmont-Cragin area on Chicago’s Northwest Side. He is in the first apprenticeship class at Aon, a global insurance and risk management giant. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) To Gutierrez, that salary meant he could shed his other jobs, focus on his career and find family balance — though it was an adjustment. "It was a huge change from standing all day for more than 12 hours and then just sitting down at a desk for 8 hours," said Gutierrez, who works in Aon's risk solutions department. Using the treadmill desks has helped. Aon is among a small but growing group of financial firms that have registered apprenticeships with the Department of Labor, meaning their programs meet national standards for training curriculum. Zurich USA launched an apprenticeship at its Schaumburg offices last year, JPMorgan Chase has a pilot in Texas, The Hartford this month launched programs in Connecticut and Arizona, and Wells Fargo has an apprenticeship in development, according to the Department of Labor. Several Chicago firms — including The PrivateBank, BMO and MB Financial — that attended a signing ceremony last week with Labor Department officials to formalize Aon's program said they are considering getting on board. "We're in the learning stages," said David Nelms, CEO at Discover Financial Services. His company could use a talent pipeline that helps increase the racial diversity of its workforce, he said. John Ladd, administrator of the Office of Apprenticeship and Training Administration at the U.S. Department of Labor, told executives at the event that business must lead the effort. "Government has an important role, but ultimately this is a business solution," Ladd said. "The old ways of finding talent aren't working and we have to find other ways to bring talented people into the workplace." For some companies accustomed to recruiting employees with four-year degrees, it's taken time to get comfortable with the concept. Aon hosted a meeting a year ago with insurance leaders in hopes of developing an industrywide apprenticeship effort, but despite initial enthusiasm, subsequent conversations revealed concerns about the ability of younger candidates. "It inspired a little bit of doubt that they had the maturity and could take in the content information in time so they could be productive and useful," said Bridget Gainer, vice president of global public affairs for Aon. "That was a learning curve that was harder to overcome than we would have guessed in the beginning." She hopes Aon's apprentices will dispel those doubts. "They're killing it at Aon," said Gainer, who is also a commissioner on the Cook County Board. "They're adding an energy to their groups and teams that people find very inspiring, and they're also fully up to the task." Aon chose roles for the apprentices that had posed chronic retention problems, likely because the company was hiring college graduates who were overqualified and expected to move on, said Margaret Heneghan, global head of talent development. Aon's apprentices work on the tech help desk, in human resources and in business roles such as compliance. One Million Degrees, a nonprofit that helps community college students succeed, has a mentor in the office two days a week to help apprentices address any challenges. Kai Steward Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune Apprentice Kai Steward, photographed April 17, 2017, started working in January at Aon in downtown Chicago. Apprentices work four days a week at Aon and spend one day taking classes at community college. Apprentice Kai Steward, photographed April 17, 2017, started working in January at Aon in downtown Chicago. Apprentices work four days a week at Aon and spend one day taking classes at community college. (Phil Velasquez / Chicago Tribune) Aon, which got 285 applications for its first class, plans to hire 25 new apprentices annually for the next four years. Candidates must have a high school diploma or GED, passing grades, and no corporate experience. Apprentice Kai Steward, 22, said she was nervous at first about measuring up, but putting the theory learned in class into practice has made everything easier to process. Steward, who lives with her aunt in Chicago's Little Italy neighborhood, views the apprenticeship as a way to explore her options. She switched majors several times at Augustana College in Rock Island before landing on computer science, then left school because it wasn't the right fit and made ends meet working at Whole Foods Market, Lyfe Kitchen, a dance camp and at summer festival gates. Without the apprenticeship, Steward says she likely would have kept casting about. Gutierrez, by contrast, has a clear ambition to work in actuarial science, but he isn't sure he would have gotten the chance at a company like Aon without the apprenticeship. Born in Mexico, he came to the U.S. when he was 3 years old, and his family works in fast food, hotels, construction and factories. They have neither the connections nor the experience to help, he said. Gutierrez, who lives in the Belmont-Cragin area on Chicago's Northwest Side, credits his professional ambitions to his sixth-grade math teacher at Hanson Park Elementary School, who explained that if he didn't apply himself, he could find himself stuck in low-wage retail jobs for life. Access to Aon has erased his doubts about landing a more lucrative career. "I can confidently say I will get there, it's not a maybe," Gutierrez said. "I'm already inside the door, I just need to move forward." aelejalderuiz@chicagotribune.com Twitter @alexiaer Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Donald Trump Bridget Gainer Discover Financial Services JPMorgan Chase & Co. McDonald's White House to distribute $90 million for apprenticeships Apprenticeships come to insurance and financial services industries Chicago's Trump Tower has a 'glut' of condos for sale Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 56°
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nestle SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SLM Corp (SLM) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Nestle SA (NESN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Navios Maritime Midstream Partners LP (NAP) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts CareDx Inc (CDNA) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Mathes Company Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Alkermes Plc (ALKS) Position Maintained by Meditor Group Ltd Waldron LP Continues to Hold Position in Office Depot Inc (ODP) Waldron LP Purchases New Position in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Mathes Company Inc. Sells 365 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Waldron LP Buys New Position in ExOne Co (XONE) Intercontinental Exchange Inc (ICE) Position Maintained by Guinness Asset Management Ltd Guinness Asset Management Ltd Acquires 900 Shares of JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. (JKS) Helix Energy Solutions Group Inc (HLX) Shares Bought by Guinness Asset Management Ltd Guinness Asset Management Ltd Reduces Position in SunPower Co. (SPWR) Advanced Semiconductor Engnrng Inc (ASX) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Analysts Anticipate LG Display Co Ltd. (LPL) Will Announce Earnings of $0.54 Per Share Viewray Inc (VRAY) Expected to Post Earnings of -$0.23 Per Share Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Short Interest Down 1.6% in March Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Short Interest Update Nestle SA (NESN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) have earned an average recommendation of “Buy” from the nineteen ratings firms that are presently covering the firm. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have given a hold recommendation and twelve have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is CHF 81.18. NESN has been the topic of a number of research reports. Macquarie set a CHF 68 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, March 17th. BNP Paribas set a CHF 75 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a CHF 78 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Deutsche Bank AG set a CHF 90 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a CHF 80 price target on Nestle SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/nestle-sa-nesn-receives-average-recommendation-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Nestle SA (VTX:NESN) traded up 2.11% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting CHK 77.30. The stock had a trading volume of 5,897,028 shares. Nestle SA has a 12-month low of CHK 67.00 and a 12-month high of CHK 80.05. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of CHK 76.35 and a 200 day moving average price of CHK 73.37. Nestle SA Company Profile Nestle SA is a nutrition, health and wellness company. The Company’s segments are Zone Europe, Middle East and North Africa (EMENA); Zone Americas (AMS); Zone Asia, Oceania and sub-Saharan Africa (AOA); Nestle Waters; Nestle Nutrition, and Other Businesses. The Company operates in the United States, Greater China Region, Switzerland and Rest of the World. Receive News & Ratings for Nestle SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nestle SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Center for Global Policy Solutions: April 28 Tech Inclusion Competition Features Four Finalists from Across Nation People of color and women are greatly unrepresented in technology, which is the industry that will play the most dominant role in the future of work. — Dr. Maya Rockeymoore, CGPS President and CEO Washington, DC (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Two Baltimore County high school seniors are among the finalists for the 2017 Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition hosted by the Center for Global Policy Solutions with support from JPMorgan Chase & Co. The competition, announcing winners at the sold-out CGPS 2017 Future of Wealth Summit April 26–28, will award a $10,000 grant to the innovator(s) with the most creative plan using technology to uplift marginalized communities. More than 100 proposals were submitted from across the U.S. and several other countries. The four finalists’ proposals offer inventive solutions rooted in technology, which, if fully realized, will have a positive effect on people of color, women, low-income urban and rural communities, and/or other vulnerable populations. Finalists will pitch their ideas to a panel of business and start-up leaders on Friday, April 28, 2017 at 2 p.m. at the Washington Court Hotel, 525 New Jersey Ave., NW, Washington, D.C. The winning proposal will receive a $10,000 grant applied toward seed money for start-up costs. “Blacks, Latinos, Native Americans and women are greatly underrepresented in technology, which is the industry that will play the most dominant role in the future of work,” said CGPS President and CEO Dr. Maya Rockeymoore. “With this competition, we wanted to spotlight those facts while amplifying the importance of inclusion.” The finalists are: codeSpark Academy introduces little learners as young as four to fundamental computer science and coding concepts. With fresh content added every month, “kid coders” constantly stretch the limits of their creativity and sharpen the skills they’ll need for bright futures. CEO Grant Hosford will present the proposal for the Pasadena-based startup; Nafasi, Inc. is a virtual pre-accelerator headquartered in Washington, D.C. that specializes in transforming emerging communities into innovation hubs. Nafasi blends lean startup concepts with best practice innovation techniques in a rigorous but accessible way. Founder and CEO Thomas Calhoun will present the proposal; Olé Education Fund is a New Mexico-based nonprofit that runs the Electronic Health & Safety Project, which focuses on teaching immigrants how to make their electronic devices less vulnerable and to keep their families’ electronic data secure. Miles Tokunow, an Olé grassroots organizer, will present the proposal; and Testify develops games that personalize the learning experience for students in grades K-12 by enhancing the ability of teachers to connect with and understand their students. One of its games, MindMap, is used by more than 40,000 students in several East Coast school districts. Co-founders Femi Adebogun and Zack Tasker, both high school seniors in the Baltimore area, will present the proposal. For more information about the competition or the 2017 Future of Wealth Summit, visit http://www.2017summit.globalpolicysolutions.org. ### About CGPS Founded on the principle that a more inclusive nation is a stronger, more prosperous one, the Center for Global Policy Solutions (CGPS) is a 501(c)(3) that equips businesses and organizations with the tools to effect change, driving society toward inclusion. Drawing on our unique blend of policy and advocacy expertise, CGPS develops strategies, research, programs, policies, and communications that address disparities in health, education, and economic security by race/ethnicity, place, gender, and age. About the 2017 Future of Wealth Summit Organized by the Center for Global Policy Solutions, the three-day 2017 Future of Wealth Summit will address pathways to greater economic opportunity through the lens of “Technology, Inclusion, and Social Change.” Approximately 300 policymakers, journalists, advocates, and experts at the intersection of government, technology, economics, education, health, and human and civil rights will discuss and advance solutions to today’s biggest societal changes. Sessions will explore the impact of the latest technological advancements in big data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence and delve into tech sector’s lack of racial and gender diversity. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MB2 Dental Solutions Wraps Up Recruitment Season After Hosting Texas A&M College of Dentistry Students Next PostNext CorePro Launches Indiegogo Campaign to Introduce Patented Posture Solution For Athletes and Everyday Individuals Search Recent Posts Dog Owners are Eating Clean and Feeding Clean Juvéderm Vollure™ XC Dermal Filler — Long Lasting FDA-Approved Treatment for Diminishing Nasolabial Folds Now Available at Contour Dermatology & Cosmetic Surgery Center Conagra Brands Completes Acquisition Of Thanasi, Maker Of Duke’s® Meat Snacks And BIGS® Seeds Village Tea Company Product to be Featured in a New Craft Beer Darden Restaurants Completes Acquisition Of Cheddar’s Scratch Kitchen Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Center for Global Policy Solutions: April 28 Tech Inclusion Competition Features Four Finalists from Across Nation Center for Global Policy Solutions: April 28 Tech Inclusion Competition Features Four Finalists from Across Nation Posted on April 24, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Ideas range from an app that teaches coding to a project that helps immigrants keep their data safe Washington, DC (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Two Baltimore County high school seniors are among the finalists for the 2017 Inclusion Revolution Innovation Competition hosted by the Center for Global Policy Solutions with support from JPMorgan Chase & Co. The competition, announcing winners at the sold-out CGPS 2017 Future of Wealth Summit April 26–28, will award a $10,000 grant to the innovator(s) with the most creative plan using technology to uplift marginalized communities. More than 100 proposals were submitted from across the U.S. and several other countries. The four finalists’ proposals offer inventive solutions rooted in technology, which, if fully realized, will have a positive effect on people of color, women, low-income urban and rural communities, and/or other vulnerable populations. Finalists will pitch their ideas to a panel of business and start-up leaders on Friday, April 28, 2017 at 2 p.m. at the Washington Court Hotel, 525 New Jersey Ave., NW, Washington, D.C. The winning proposal will receive a $10,000 grant applied toward seed money for start-up costs. “Blacks, Latinos, Native Americans and women are greatly underrepresented in technology, which is the industry that will play the most dominant role in the future of work,” said CGPS President and CEO Dr. Maya Rockeymoore. “With this competition, we wanted to spotlight those facts while amplifying the importance of inclusion.” The finalists are: codeSpark Academy introduces little learners as young as four to fundamental computer science and coding concepts. With fresh content added every month, “kid coders” constantly stretch the limits of their creativity and sharpen the skills they’ll need for bright futures. CEO Grant Hosford will present the proposal for the Pasadena-based startup; Nafasi, Inc. is a virtual pre-accelerator headquartered in Washington, D.C. that specializes in transforming emerging communities into innovation hubs. Nafasi blends lean startup concepts with best practice innovation techniques in a rigorous but accessible way. Founder and CEO Thomas Calhoun will present the proposal; Olé Education Fund is a New Mexico-based nonprofit that runs the Electronic Health & Safety Project, which focuses on teaching immigrants how to make their electronic devices less vulnerable and to keep their families’ electronic data secure. Miles Tokunow, an Olé grassroots organizer, will present the proposal; and Testify develops games that personalize the learning experience for students in grades K-12 by enhancing the ability of teachers to connect with and understand their students. One of its games, MindMap, is used by more than 40,000 students in several East Coast school districts. Co-founders Femi Adebogun and Zack Tasker, both high school seniors in the Baltimore area, will present the proposal. For more information about the competition or the 2017 Future of Wealth Summit, visit http://www.2017summit.globalpolicysolutions.org. ### About CGPS Founded on the principle that a more inclusive nation is a stronger, more prosperous one, the Center for Global Policy Solutions (CGPS) is a 501(c)(3) that equips businesses and organizations with the tools to effect change, driving society toward inclusion. Drawing on our unique blend of policy and advocacy expertise, CGPS develops strategies, research, programs, policies, and communications that address disparities in health, education, and economic security by race/ethnicity, place, gender, and age. About the 2017 Future of Wealth Summit Organized by the Center for Global Policy Solutions, the three-day 2017 Future of Wealth Summit will address pathways to greater economic opportunity through the lens of “Technology, Inclusion, and Social Change.” Approximately 300 policymakers, journalists, advocates, and experts at the intersection of government, technology, economics, education, health, and human and civil rights will discuss and advance solutions to today’s biggest societal changes. Sessions will explore the impact of the latest technological advancements in big data, machine learning, and artificial intelligence and delve into tech sector’s lack of racial and gender diversity. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14272622.htm Latest News Greenberg Traurig’s Bernadette M. Rappold to Speak at the Great Lakes Economic Forum SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Whether the Sale of FelCor Lodging Trust Incorporated to RLJ Lodging Trust is Fair to Shareholders – FCH Center for Global Policy Solutions: April 28 Tech Inclusion Competition Features Four Finalists from Across Nation Haivision Launches KB 4K Encoder Powered with Intel® Visual Compute Accelerator 2 CorePro Launches Indiegogo Campaign to Introduce Patented Posture Solution For Athletes and Everyday Individuals SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi &amp; Korsinsky, LLP Announces an Investigation Concerning Possible Breaches of Fiduciary Duty by Certain Officers and Directors of Overseas Shipholding Group, Inc. – OSG Rapid Insight to Host Online Panel Discussion on The Ethical Use of Predictive Analytics in Higher Education 15 Reasons to Visit Lake Compounce This Season Bright Pink Announces New CEO, Katie Thiede Yein Dental Ltd provides the best dental care equipment for your clinic © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Outfront Media Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Outfront Media (OUT) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Heartland Financial USA (HTLF) Stock Price Rudolph Technologies (RTEC) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect HealthStream (HSTM) Share Price LaSalle Hotel Properties (LHO) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Upgraded by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods to “Outperform” Prologis Inc (PLD) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc (MTU) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Aggreko PLC (ARGKF) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Zacks: Stora Enso OYJ (SEOAY) Given $11.20 Average Target Price by Brokerages Tallgrass Energy Partners LP (TEP) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Macquarie UGI Corp (UGI) Upgraded to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Westar Energy Inc (WR) Shares Bought by Havens Advisors LLC 173,047 Shares in Dominion Diamond Corp (DDC) Acquired by Havens Advisors LLC Havens Advisors LLC Takes Position in Janus Capital Group Inc (JNS) Analysts Set $12.10 Price Target for Panasonic Co. (PCRFY) Havens Advisors LLC Invests $701,000 in Western Refining, Inc. (WNR) Havens Advisors LLC Has $7.105 Million Position in Headwaters Inc (HW) Intuit Inc. (INTU) Stake Decreased by Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Nicolet Bankshares Inc. Has $399,000 Stake in Global Payments Inc (GPN) Outfront Media (OUT) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Shows April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) has trended positive this week, AlphaOne reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, rates the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Outfront Media earned a daily sentiment score of 0.31 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned media stories about the financial services provider an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. These are some of the media stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Lowered by Analyst (americanbankingnews.com) Outfront Media Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (OUT) (americanbankingnews.com) Outfront Media (OUT) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.57 (americanbankingnews.com) Noteworthy Wednesday Option Activity: OUT, CAMP, SPA (stockoptionschannel.com) OUTFRONT Media Works With JetBlue And Scott Tax Group To Help Consumers Stay On Top Of National Tax Day (finance.yahoo.com) Several research analysts have weighed in on OUT shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. TheStreet upgraded Outfront Media from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Outfront Media from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price target for the company from $26.00 to $28.00 in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Outfront Media from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $27.00 price target for the company. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Wedbush boosted their price target on Outfront Media from $36.00 to $42.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Outfront Media presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $29.43. Shares of Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) traded up 1.11% on Monday, reaching $26.52. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,406,966 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $26.28 and a 200 day moving average of $25.04. Outfront Media has a 1-year low of $20.72 and a 1-year high of $27.89. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.67 billion, a PE ratio of 40.24 and a beta of 1.28. Outfront Media (NYSE:OUT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 22nd. The financial services provider reported $0.19 EPS for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $0.19. Outfront Media had a negative net margin of 0.63% and a negative return on equity of 0.79%. The company had revenue of $397.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $392.43 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.55 earnings per share. Outfront Media’s revenue was down .3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Outfront Media will post $0.84 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were paid a $0.36 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $1.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 5.49%. This is a positive change from Outfront Media’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.34. Outfront Media’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -1,942.58%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/outfront-media-out-getting-positive-media-coverage-analysis-shows.html. About Outfront Media OUTFRONT Media Inc is a real estate investment trust (REIT), which provides advertising space (displays) on out-of-home advertising structures and sites in the United States and Canada. The Company’s segments are U.S. Media and Other. The U.S. Media segment includes U.S. Billboard and Transit. The Other segment includes International and Sports Marketing. Receive News & Ratings for Outfront Media Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Outfront Media Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential Public Limited Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Territorial Bancorp (TBNK) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Silvercrest Asset Management Group (SAMG) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Neovasc Inc (US) (NVCN) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.37 Dunkin Brands Group (DNKN) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.36 Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Share Price ILG Inc (ILG) PT Raised to $26.00 at CIBC KeyCorp (KEY) Given “Hold” Rating at CIBC Tennant Company (TNC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS TD Securities Analysts Give BCE Inc. (BCE) a C$59.00 Price Target Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Receives Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Analysts Anticipate Superior Industries International Inc (SUP) to Announce $0.37 Earnings Per Share Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Given “Neutral” Rating at BTIG Research Analysts Expect California Water Service Group (CWT) to Announce $0.05 EPS Brokerages Anticipate KEYW Holding Corp. (KEYW) to Post $0.03 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Insider Selling: Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Director Sells 1,669 Shares of Stock 1st Source Co. (SRCE) Hits New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Shares Up 0.5% After Analyst Upgrade Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Earns Media Impact Score of 0.41 Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Share Price April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) have trended positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment reports. Alpha One, a division of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by monitoring more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Prudential Public Limited Company earned a coverage optimism score of 0.37 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the financial services provider an impact score of 76 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: An Average Target Price Forecasts for Stock: Prudential Financial, Inc.’s (PRU) (cote-ivoire.com) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates Buy Rating for Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) (americanbankingnews.com) Prudence Foundation’s Award-Winning Financial Literacy Programme Cha-Ching Launches 18th Music Video (finance.yahoo.com) Favorable News Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Stock Price (americanbankingnews.com) Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) A number of brokerages recently issued reports on PUK. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Prudential Public Limited Company in a research note on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research raised Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Prudential Public Limited Company from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Societe Generale raised Prudential Public Limited Company from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $43.20. Shares of Prudential Public Limited Company (NYSE:PUK) traded up 3.23% on Monday, reaching $43.41. The company had a trading volume of 215,311 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $55.79 billion, a PE ratio of 23.14 and a beta of 1.68. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $41.93 and its 200 day moving average is $39.08. Prudential Public Limited Company has a 12 month low of $29.14 and a 12 month high of $44.21. The company also recently declared a semiannual dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be paid a dividend of $0.744 per share. This represents a yield of 3.5%. This is a boost from Prudential Public Limited Company’s previous semiannual dividend of $0.34. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, March 29th. WARNING: “Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Share Price” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/positive-media-coverage-likely-to-affect-prudential-public-limited-company-puk-share-price.html. Prudential Public Limited Company Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company is an international financial services company. The Company has operations in Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. Its segments include Insurance operations, including Asia, the United States (Jackson National Life Insurance Company (Jackson)) and the United Kingdom, and Asset management operations, including Eastspring Investments, the United States broker-dealer and asset management, M&G and Prudential Capital. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential Public Limited Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Natural Resource Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natural Resource Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $1.67 Earnings Per Share Expected for Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) This Quarter Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Territorial Bancorp (TBNK) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Silvercrest Asset Management Group (SAMG) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.38 Neovasc Inc (US) (NVCN) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.37 Dunkin Brands Group (DNKN) Given Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.36 Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect Prudential Public Limited Company (PUK) Share Price ILG Inc (ILG) PT Raised to $26.00 at CIBC KeyCorp (KEY) Given “Hold” Rating at CIBC Tennant Company (TNC) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.06 EPS TD Securities Analysts Give BCE Inc. (BCE) a C$59.00 Price Target Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Receives Market Perform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Analysts Anticipate Superior Industries International Inc (SUP) to Announce $0.37 Earnings Per Share Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Given “Neutral” Rating at BTIG Research Analysts Expect California Water Service Group (CWT) to Announce $0.05 EPS Brokerages Anticipate KEYW Holding Corp. (KEYW) to Post $0.03 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Expect Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Will Announce Earnings of $0.04 Per Share Insider Selling: Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) Director Sells 1,669 Shares of Stock 1st Source Co. (SRCE) Hits New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Shares Up 0.5% After Analyst Upgrade $1.67 Earnings Per Share Expected for Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) This Quarter April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities research analysts predict that Natural Resource Partners LP (NYSE:NRP) will post earnings per share of $1.67 for the current quarter, Zacks reports. Two analysts have provided estimates for Natural Resource Partners’ earnings, with estimates ranging from $1.53 to $1.81. Natural Resource Partners reported earnings per share of $0.29 in the same quarter last year, which suggests a positive year over year growth rate of 475.9%. The business is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings results on Friday, May 5th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Natural Resource Partners will report full year earnings of $5.94 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $5.32 to $6.55. For the next year, analysts anticipate that the firm will report earnings of $6.00 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.85 to $7.15. Zacks Investment Research’s earnings per share averages are an average based on a survey of research analysts that cover Natural Resource Partners. Natural Resource Partners (NYSE:NRP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, March 6th. The energy company reported $0.91 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.37 by $0.46. Natural Resource Partners had a return on equity of 85.79% and a net margin of 16.37%. The business had revenue of $88.11 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $90.47 million. NRP has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Natural Resource Partners from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Natural Resource Partners from $30.00 to $36.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Natural Resource Partners by 21,585.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 184,544 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $5,149,000 after buying an additional 183,693 shares during the period. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Natural Resource Partners by 2.2% in the third quarter. Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC now owns 3,974 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $111,000 after buying an additional 84 shares during the period. Goldentree Asset Management LP purchased a new stake in shares of Natural Resource Partners during the third quarter valued at approximately $1,728,000. Hawkins Capital L.P. increased its stake in shares of Natural Resource Partners by 23.8% in the fourth quarter. Hawkins Capital L.P. now owns 17,700 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $571,000 after buying an additional 3,400 shares during the period. Finally, Vertex One Asset Management Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Natural Resource Partners during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $1,910,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 13.82% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/1-67-earnings-per-share-expected-for-natural-resource-partners-lp-nrp-this-quarter.html. Shares of Natural Resource Partners (NYSE:NRP) traded down 3.06% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $31.65. 32,543 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $36.99 and its 200-day moving average is $35.12. Natural Resource Partners has a 12 month low of $10.43 and a 12 month high of $45.60. The company has a market capitalization of $387.14 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 3.93 and a beta of 0.37. About Natural Resource Partners Natural Resource Partners L.P. owns, operates, manages and leases a portfolio of mineral properties in the United States, including interests in coal, trona and soda ash, construction aggregates and other natural resources. Coal Royalty and Other segment consists primarily of coal royalty and coal related transportation and processing assets. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Natural Resource Partners (NRP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Natural Resource Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Natural Resource Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Weibo Corp (WB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Invests $1.68 Million in Teradyne, Inc. (TER) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Cuts Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Has $647,000 Position in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) UMB Bank N A MO Purchases 164 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Lowers Stake in Textron Inc. (TXT) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 1,975 Shares of Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Buys 850 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 1,538 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (SCMP) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.21 Rosetta Stone (RST) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Park National (PRK) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Saia (SAIA) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Ship Finance International Limited (SFL) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Ross Stores (ROST) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.08 BNC Bancorp (BNCN) Plans $0.05 Quarterly Dividend Adams Diversified Equity Fund Inc Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 (ADX) ACNB Co. Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.20 (ACNB) Eagle Bancorp Montana Inc (EBMT) Plans $0.08 Quarterly Dividend BCE’s (BCE) Hold Rating Reiterated at TD Securities April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by equities research analysts at TD Securities in a note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a C$59.00 target price on the stock. TD Securities’ price objective points to a potential downside of 3.94% from the stock’s current price. A number of other research firms have also recently weighed in on BCE. CIBC raised their price target on BCE from C$59.00 to C$60.00 in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Royal Bank of Canada cut their price target on BCE from C$60.00 to C$59.00 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Citigroup Inc raised their price target on BCE from C$63.00 to C$68.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating on shares of BCE in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Desjardins raised their price target on BCE from C$64.00 to C$65.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of C$61.77. Shares of BCE (TSE:BCE) traded up 0.11% during trading on Monday, hitting $61.42. The stock had a trading volume of 1,061,712 shares. The stock has a market cap of $53.50 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.44. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $59.18 and its 200-day moving average is $58.78. BCE has a 12-month low of $56.80 and a 12-month high of $63.40. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, April 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 15th were issued a dividend of $0.7175 per share. This is a positive change from BCE’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.68. The ex-dividend date was Monday, March 13th. This represents a $2.87 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.67%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/td-securities-analysts-give-bce-inc-bce-a-c59-00-price-target.html. In other BCE news, Director Thomas (Tom) Little sold 10,523 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of C$58.56, for a total transaction of C$616,226.88. Also, Director Charles Brown sold 81,807 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of C$57.99, for a total value of C$4,743,987.93. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 172,564 shares of company stock worth $10,032,669. BCE Company Profile BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whitbread plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pearson plc (PSON) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital BT Group plc’s (BT.A) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Price Target Cut to GBX 4,900 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Whitbread plc (WTB) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG Valero Energy Partners LP (VLP) Receives “Buy” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada Integer Holdings’ (ITGR) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada CF Industries Holdings’ (CF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Anticipate Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) to Announce $0.28 EPS Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. (NGS) to Post $0.07 EPS United Technologies Co. (UTX) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.66 Bank Of America Corp Owns Stake in BlackRock MuniHoldings New Jersey Ins Fn (MUJ) Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Purchases 87,167 Shares of Ingersoll-Rand PLC (IR) Meggitt plc’s (MGGT) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Kroger Co (KR) Position Increased by Patriot Wealth Management Inc. Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Has $36.335 Million Position in Centennial Resource Development Inc (CDEV) Ferguson Wellman Capital Management Inc. Purchases 125,395 Shares of SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Steel Dynamics’ (STLD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BMO Capital Markets Jones Energy Inc (JONE) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Westmoreland Coal Company (WLB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by BMO Capital Markets Hollencrest Securities LLC Takes Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) Whitbread plc (WTB) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG reiterated their buy rating on shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) in a report issued on Friday morning. WTB has been the subject of a number of other reports. Barclays PLC reissued an underweight rating and set a GBX 3,340 ($42.70) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 4,200 ($53.69) price objective on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised shares of Whitbread plc to an outperform rating and upped their price objective for the stock from GBX 4,030 ($51.52) to GBX 4,550 ($58.17) in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 4,700 ($60.09) price objective on shares of Whitbread plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Whitbread plc from GBX 3,945 ($50.43) to GBX 3,965 ($50.69) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 4,190.93 ($53.58). Shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) traded up 2.45% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting GBX 4307.00. 1,075,662 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 3,963.28 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 3,812.22. Whitbread plc has a 12 month low of GBX 3,283.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 4,402.00. The stock’s market cap is GBX 7.84 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Whitbread plc (WTB) Given “Buy” Rating at Deutsche Bank AG” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/whitbread-plc-wtb-given-buy-rating-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In other news, insider Louise Smalley sold 5,377 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,814 ($48.76), for a total transaction of £205,078.78 ($262,182.03). Also, insider David Atkins acquired 1,425 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 3,943 ($50.41) per share, for a total transaction of £56,187.75 ($71,832.97). About Whitbread plc Whitbread PLC is a hospitality company. The Company operates hotels, coffee shops and restaurants. The Company operates in two segments: Hotels & Restaurants, and Costa. The Hotels & Restaurants segment provides services in relation to accommodation and food. The Costa segment consists of operations of its branded, owned and franchised coffee outlets. Receive News & Ratings for Whitbread plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance E.On Se - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag KB Financial Group (KB) Given News Impact Score of 0.44 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts PBF Logistics (PBFX) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Under Armour’s (UAA) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG CSX Co. (CSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €88.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Given a €76.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus -$0.21 Earnings Per Share Expected for Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) to Post $0.16 EPS Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Stake in Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) CAPROCK Group Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Cherokee Inc (CHKE) CAPROCK Group Inc. Reduces Position in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $5.732 Million Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €8.00 ($8.68) target price on E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) in a research report report published on Friday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also recently commented on EOAN. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.75 ($8.41) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Jefferies Group LLC set a €8.50 ($9.22) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €7.00 ($7.60) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €7.30 ($7.92) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, Independent Research GmbH set a €7.90 ($8.57) target price on shares of E.On Se and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the company. E.On Se has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €7.69 ($8.34). Shares of E.On Se (FRA:EOAN) traded up 0.823% during trading on Friday, reaching €7.232. 68,568 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of €7.23 and a 200 day moving average price of €6.84. The firm’s market cap is €14.12 billion. E.On Se has a 12 month low of €6.00 and a 12 month high of €8.56. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/e-on-se-eoan-given-a-8-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for E.On Se Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for E.On Se and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag KB Financial Group (KB) Given News Impact Score of 0.44 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts PBF Logistics (PBFX) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Under Armour’s (UAA) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG CSX Co. (CSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €88.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Given a €76.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus -$0.21 Earnings Per Share Expected for Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) to Post $0.16 EPS Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Stake in Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) CAPROCK Group Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Cherokee Inc (CHKE) CAPROCK Group Inc. Reduces Position in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $5.732 Million Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a €150.00 ($162.78) target price on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report report published on Friday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently issued reports on VOW3. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €153.00 ($166.03) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, December 27th. equinet AG set a €166.00 ($180.14) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, December 26th. BNP Paribas set a €165.00 ($179.06) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €193.00 ($209.44) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €168.00 ($182.31) price objective on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €148.50 ($161.15). Shares of Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) traded up 2.599% during trading on Friday, reaching €143.737. 24,359 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Volkswagen AG has a 52-week low of €103.70 and a 52-week high of €156.32. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €137.52 and a 200-day moving average price of €133.59. The company has a market capitalization of €72.05 billion and a PE ratio of 14.008. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/volkswagen-ag-vow3-given-a-150-00-price-target-by-sanford-c-bernstein-analysts.html. Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Danone SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Under Armour’s (UAA) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG CSX Co. (CSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €88.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Given a €76.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus -$0.21 Earnings Per Share Expected for Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) to Post $0.16 EPS Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Stake in Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) CAPROCK Group Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Cherokee Inc (CHKE) CAPROCK Group Inc. Reduces Position in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $5.732 Million Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Position Decreased by CAPROCK Group Inc. Brian D. Young Purchases 662 Shares of United Bancshares Inc. OH (UBOH) Stock Very Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact Barnes Group (B) Stock Price Sandy Spring Bancorp’s (SASR) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Guaranty Bancorp’s (GBNK) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Deutsche Bank AG set a €56.00 ($60.77) price target on Danone SA (EPA:BN) in a research report sent to investors on Friday. The firm currently has a sell rating on the stock. BN has been the topic of a number of other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €64.00 ($69.45) price target on shares of Danone SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Barclays PLC set a €67.00 ($72.71) price target on shares of Danone SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. HSBC Holdings plc set a €67.00 ($72.71) price target on shares of Danone SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €73.00 ($79.22) price target on shares of Danone SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Finally, S&P Global Inc set a €65.00 ($70.54) price target on shares of Danone SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, December 26th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Danone SA presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €68.60 ($74.44). Danone SA (EPA:BN) traded up 2.41% during midday trading on Friday, hitting €63.65. The company had a trading volume of 3,688,643 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of €39.27 billion and a P/E ratio of 22.81. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €63.40 and a 200 day moving average price of €61.50. Danone SA has a 1-year low of €57.66 and a 1-year high of €70.53. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/danone-sa-bn-given-a-56-00-price-target-at-deutsche-bank-ag.html. Danone SA Company Profile Danone SA is engaged in holding directly or indirectly companies, and coordination of the main functions and activities. The Company operates through four segments: Fresh Dairy Products Division, Waters Division, Early Life Nutrition Division and Medical Nutrition Division. The Fresh Dairy Products Division produces and markets yogurts, fermented fresh dairy products and specialized dairy products. Receive News & Ratings for Danone SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Political Paranoia Gets Expensive for Europe Bears Who Stay Away by Aleksandra Gjorgievska @alekswrites More stories by Aleksandra Gjorgievska and Justina Lee @justinaknope More stories by Justina Lee April 24, 2017, 10:48 AM EDT April 24, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT Future of France: Macron and Le Pen Go Head-to-Head Skepticism is again proving unhealthy for European stock bears who see a monster behind every door. They were punished anew on Monday. French stocks and regional benchmarks surged to their highest levels since 2015 after centrist Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the country’s presidential elections. Again and again, politics are cited as a reason to avoid European equities, and again and again -- from the U.S. presidential election to votes in Turkey and the Netherlands -- the warnings result in investors kicking themselves for being overly cautious. “Investors have looked at politics this year and used that as an excuse not to allocate to Europe,” Stephen Macklow-Smith, who helps manage about $2.2 billion of European equities for JPMorgan Asset Management in London, said in a telephone interview. “Assuming Emmanuel Macron wins in the second round, people will have no more excuses.” Fund managers in recent months had cited a possible victory for right-wing, anti-euro Marine Le Pen in the French vote as the most pressing risk causing them to hold back on investing in European stocks. Opinion polls, which fairly closely predicted the outcome of Sunday’s vote, indicate Macron will win the final vote by a landslide. That’s prompting investors to shift their focus to the region’s improving economic fundamentals. Macklow-Smith is among a slew of investors pointing to improving corporate profits and a sounder economic backdrop as factors that will lend further support to Europe’s stock market. Deutsche Bank AG’s Deutsche Asset Management moved quickly, upgrading European equities to overweight on Monday. Bank Boost Invesco Ltd., which manages about $835 billion, is especially positive on banks, arguing that a benign French election result could encourage the European Central Bank to turn less accommodative at some point this year. “I would expect to see a resurgence of Europe as an investment area,” Matthew Perowne, a Henley-on-Thames, U.K.-based fund manager at the firm, said by phone, referring to equities. “If we have a favorable round two, which is our base case, then I suspect at some point in the second half, rates will become less negative, which is a big tailwind for bank earnings.” Monday’s bullishness harks back to the few voices in January who predicted European stocks might be the “ pain trade” of the new year. Stephane Barbier de la Serre, a strategist at Makor Capital Markets in Geneva, said three months ago that “risks that populist candidates take power are very slim, so people are getting it wrong.” Cyclical Stocks The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up A broad consensus among investors and analysts is that stocks reliant on economic growth have the most to gain now that a Le Pen presidency seems less likely, reducing her threat to the stability of the euro area. Cyclical shares including lenders and automakers led gains among industry groups in the Stoxx Europe 600 Index Monday. And recent strong data on German business sentiment and euro-area private-sector activity signal a pickup in the region’s economic momentum. Still, the bullishness is nascent. Last year, European equity funds saw $113 billion in outflows, according to EPFR Global data. Strategists at Bank of America-Merrill Lynch  predicted an increase in inflows if a runoff between Le Pen and Communist-backed Jean-Luc Melenchon was avoided. The return of international investors will be key to reversing last year’s trend, Perowne said. “We had said for a while that Europe looked attractive as an investment destination, but had been holding back from further investment owing to political concerns,” John Wyn-Evans, head of investment strategy at Investec Wealth & Investment, wrote in a note Monday. “Europe has the potential for further recovery.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Where to Invest $10,000 Right Now Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest BankThink Big banks will always be too big, Glass-Steagall or not MetLife asks court to table SIFI appeal Trump memos call for review of systemic designation Slideshow ‘Doesn’t Congress have more important things?’: Comments of the week BankThink FSOC is too political to be taken seriously search goes here BankThink Big banks will always be too big, Glass-Steagall or not By Paul H. Kupiec Published April 24 2017, 12:00pm EDT More in Glass-Steagall TBTF SIFIs Print Email Reprints Share Share on A bipartisan group of senators has reintroduced legislation to establish a modern Glass-Steagall framework. It is unclear whether the bill will gain any traction, especially in an environment that favors deregulation, not a return to more restrictive limits. What is more puzzling is how, based on my data, a 21st-century version of the Depression-era limitations on bank activities will do little to meet the goals laid out by its proponents. The 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act of 2017 — a bill sponsored by Sens. Elizabeth Warren, D-Mass., John McCain, R-Ariz., Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., and Angus King, I-Maine — would require federally insured institutions to primarily take deposits and make consumer and commercial loans. The bill attempts to stop taxpayer bailouts by segregating deposit-taking institutions from financial institutions engaged in higher-risk financial activities. But if the law were to pass, after required divestitures today’s largest financial institutions would still be “too big to fail,” and the two largest investment banks would likely increase their systemic importance. Under the legislation, deposit-taking institutions would be prohibited from (or being affiliated with any firms providing) investment banking, broker-dealer services, swaps dealing, futures dealing, hedge fund ownership, prime brokerage services, and issuing or investing in structured financial products. Bank holding companies would be forced to divest ownership in affiliates engaging in prohibited activities and required to sell prohibited investments and relinquish nonapproved derivative positions. To get an idea of the financial landscape under the Glass-Steagall Act of 2017, I estimated the potential impact of the law on the 10 largest U.S. bank holding companies using data from December bank holding company reports. I measured the law’s impact in two ways. First, I analyzed its likely effect on holding company balance sheets by assuming that holding companies divest prohibited assets. In a second approach, I estimated the share of holding company revenues that accrue from prohibited activities. Company Assets prohibited by Glass-Steagall Revenue prohibited by Glass-Steagall JPMorgan Chase 30.4% 23.4% Bank of America 21.7% 25.8% Wells Fargo 11.6% 17.7% Citigroup 28.7% 19.9% Goldman Sachs 12.3% 69.9% Morgan Stanley 19.0% 75.1% U.S. Bancorp 1.1% 4.2% PNC Financial Services 5.6% 13.2% Capital One 2.2% 0.5% TD Group U.S. Holdings 21.2% 1.6% I assumed that institutions that are primarily commercial banks will remain so by divesting all assets and affiliate positions prohibited under the Glass-Steagall legislation. For the bank holding companies that are primarily investment banks — Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley — I assumed that they divest their commercial bank deposits and associated assets. Based on estimates of required asset divestitures, the bill would have a large impact on four institutions: JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup, Bank of America and TD Group. It would have a relatively minor impact on the two investment banks because the commercial banking activities they are assumed to divest are not a major component of their activities. From an income perspective, the four largest bank holding companies would face important reductions in revenue if they eliminated prohibited activities. Bank of America faces the largest forced reduction (25.8%). For the two investment banks, the prohibited share of revenues reported in the table are actually the revenues they would retain if they reacted by selling their deposit taking activities and focusing on investment banking. After required divestitures, the top 10 systemically important financial institutions would still comprise the largest nine U.S. SIFIs. Only TD Group is at risk of being replaced on the top-10 list, by Bank of New York Mellon. Both approaches suggest that, under the Glass-Steagall Act of 2017, the 10 largest SIFIs would all remain “too big to fail.” Indeed, some SIFIs — Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley in particular — would likely increase in systemic importance. Before the financial crisis, there were five large domestic investment banks. Today there are two. When JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup divest investment banking operations, chances are good that Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley will be eager bidders. While unintended, the new legislation would almost certainly increase concentration in investment banking services. This would leave the government little maneuvering room to allow Goldman Sachs or Morgan Stanley to fail should they suffer future financial distress. The Glass-Steagall Act of 2017 is based on the mistaken belief that liberal access to government-insured deposit funding caused the financial crisis. Of the firms whose failure precipitated the financial crisis — Bear Sterns, Freddie Mac, Fannie Mae, Lehman Brothers and AIG — none were banks. Of these institutions, Lehman Brothers owned a subsidiary bank, and AIG owned a small thrift, neither of which failed in the crisis. It’s hard to see how separating commercial and investment banking would have prevented the failure of their parent firms. In all likelihood, the Glass-Steagall Act of 2017 would just redistribute assets and activities among the existing “too big to fail” institutions. Like rearranging deck chairs on the Titanic, this change is unlikely to address the underlying problem. The real “too big to fail” problem is not caused by FDIC deposit insurance, but from the implicit belief among investors that the government will protect all creditors of large important failing financial institutions, not just insured depositors — especially if multiple important financial institution are failing simultaneously. Unlike FDIC deposit insurance, financial institutions never pay a dime for this kind of insurance, but this implicit government guarantee is the true source of the “too big to fail” problem. The Glass-Steagall Act of 2017 does nothing to fix the implicit government guarantee problem — and indeed it would probably make it worse. Article Your Top CECL Questions Answered How should banks approach CECL implementation and can existing processes be used as a starting point? Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Banking April 3 Paul H. Kupiec Paul H. Kupiec is a resident scholar at the American Enterprise Institute. More from this Author Higher leverage ratio is hardly a big-bank giveaway Clock's Running Out to Fix 'Prompt Corrective Action' BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Caterpillar Ends 51-Month Slump; Stock Nears Buy Point Before Earnings The heavy-construction and mining equipment maker's stock jumped ahead of earnings after the best sales news since late 2012. (Caterpillar) JED GRAHAM 4/24/2017 Reprints Caterpillar (CAT) equipment sales by retailers rose 1% from a year ago in the March quarter, driven by construction equipment sales in China and the Asia-Pacific region. Shares of the Dow Jones industrial average component jumped 2.6% to 96.81 on the stock market today, moving back above the 50-day moving average. The stock is near a flat-base buy point above 99.56. Caterpillar was the Dow's third-best-performing stock on a strong day for the broader market averages. Goldman Sachs (GS) and JPMorgan Chase (JPM) led the Dow higher as uncertainty fell and interest rates rose after the first round of France's election results. Other equipment providers also gained. Manitowoc (MTW) rose 3.4%, Terex (TEX) 2% and Deere (DE) 2.5%. United Rental (URI) rose 1.9% after the equipment rental firm tumbled 6.6% last week on a weak rental pricing warning. While the small increase may not seem like much, Caterpillar's three-month year-over-year sales were down 1% in February and 8% in January. Also, the investment site Zero Hedge noted that March's gain was the first dating back to November 2012. IBD'S TAKE: If President Trump and Congress add a big federal infrastructure funding package on top of state initiatives, "that creates an inflection point for pricing," Granite Construction CEO James Roberts said in February. Caterpillar said that retail sales to construction industries rose 7% from a year ago, driven by a 56% gain in the Asia-Pacific region. Sales to resource industries fell 19%. Overall, Caterpillar retail sales fell 13% in North America, 25% in Latin America and 3% in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. After a postelection surge, Caterpillar shares have mostly moved sideways for the past five months, amid volatility surrounding an IRS investigation, uncertainty about President Trump's agenda, an improving outlook for state infrastructure spending and a recovery in the energy and mining sectors. Caterpillar, which is due to report before Tuesday's open, is expected to earn 62 cents a share, down 7.5% from 67 cents a year earlier. Revenue is seen slipping 2% to $9.26 billion from $9.46 billion. RELATED: Caterpillar Lifts Dow With Goldman Push; Trump Readies Infrastructure Bill U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump Construction Stocks Rise On Big Infrastructure Deal — In California JED GRAHAM | Facebook | @IBD_JGraham Share this: Related news Bulls Are Back: These 4 Leaders' Earnings Could Keep Stocks Running 4/25/2017 Stock futures were steady after the major averages boomed Monday. McDonald's, Caterpillar and Lockheed Martin report earnings Tuesday morning. 4/25/2017 Stock futures were steady after the major averages boomed Monday.... Top Stocks In Buy Zone Ahead Of Results: Investing Action Plan Nasdaq At New High; S&P 500, Dow Rise Back Above Key Level Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis U.S. Stocks Ride France Card; Morgan Stanley, Caterpillar Up Indexes End Solidly Higher; AmEx Leads Dow, Apple Also Up Trump Surprises Sink Fed Expectations And Bank Stocks Stocks Drift To Weak Close; Dollar Drops On Trump Comments Stocks Broadly Lower; This Type Of Airline Is Outperforming Today's Spotlight Are You Relying on Fake News or Real Data? The SEC is clamping down on content for financial news sites. See how IBD helps you avoid fake news. MarketSmith Webinar Join us for a discussion about the current market and the behavior of leading stocks. Register now. Free IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Los Angeles (4/29) or Orlando (5/6) to learn about swing trading & growth stocks! More News Ross Stores and other off-price retailers could be big winners from Macy's and J.C. Penney store closures. (Ross) These 3 Retailers Could Reap $1 Billion From J.C. Penney, Macy's Closings U.S. and European bank stocks spiked Monday after Emmanuel Macron, the pro-European Union candidate, emerged as the front-runner in France's elections. (AP) U.S., European Banks Soar On French Vote As Yields, Fed Rate Odds Jump When US Rates Rise, It's Survival of the Globalest Promoted Content By AB (AllianceBernstein) Special Report Best Online Brokers Find the broker that's right for you with IBD's annual list of the Best Online Brokers. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alphabet Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Anticipate Cherry Hill Mortgage Investment Corp (CHMI) Will Post Earnings of $0.54 Per Share Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT Set at $925.00 by Nomura Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Given a $975.00 Price Target by Nomura Analysts Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €75.00 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc General Electric Company (GE) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Bank of America Corp Reaffirms Buy Rating for International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Insider Selling: Ciena Co. (CIEN) VP Sells $40,114.32 in Stock Retirement Systems of Alabama Purchases 3,958 Shares of Panera Bread Co (PNRA) American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Stake Lowered by Retirement Systems of Alabama Retirement Systems of Alabama Has $32.694 Million Position in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Insider Selling: Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Director Sells $45,447.12 in Stock Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Position Maintained by Hermes Investment Management Ltd. KBR (KBR) Receives News Impact Rating of -0.12 Canaccord Genuity Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Medgenics (MDGN) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of -0.22 RDS-A (RDS-A) Earns Sell Rating from Citigroup Inc Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) a $83.00 Price Target Piper Jaffray Companies Trims PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Target Price to $57.00 Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Morgan Stanley Downgrades PetroChina Company Limited (PTR) to Underweight Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT Set at $925.00 by Nomura April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOG) has been assigned a $925.00 target price by analysts at Nomura in a report issued on Monday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the information services provider’s stock. Nomura’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 9.70% from the stock’s previous close. GOOG has been the subject of several other research reports. Cantor Fitzgerald reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a $1,040.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, January 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. BMO Capital Markets reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $1,000.00 price target on shares of Alphabet in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Stifel Nicolaus reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Alphabet in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $1,000.00 target price on shares of Alphabet in a report on Thursday, January 12th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and forty-two have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $955.82. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) traded up 1.71% on Monday, reaching $857.59. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 561,867 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $592.95 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 30.76 and a beta of 0.94. Alphabet has a 12-month low of $663.28 and a 12-month high of $859.11. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $833.39 and a 200 day moving average of $803.07. Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 26th. The information services provider reported $9.36 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $9.67 by $0.31. The business earned $26.04 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $25.18 billion. Alphabet had a return on equity of 14.85% and a net margin of 21.58%. Alphabet’s revenue was up 22.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $8.67 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Alphabet will post $33.26 EPS for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “Alphabet Inc (GOOG) PT Set at $925.00 by Nomura” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/alphabet-inc-goog-pt-set-at-925-00-by-nomura.html. In other Alphabet news, CEO Lawrence Page sold 33,332 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $814.49, for a total transaction of $27,148,580.68. Following the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 30,666 shares in the company, valued at approximately $24,977,150.34. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, SVP David C. Drummond sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $826.85, for a total value of $1,653,700.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 6,800 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,622,580. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 281,688 shares of company stock worth $229,255,327. 13.92% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GOOG. State Street Corp increased its position in Alphabet by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 12,030,811 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $9,285,625,000 after buying an additional 290,691 shares during the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 9,831,305 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $7,641,775,000 after buying an additional 65,873 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Alphabet by 1.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 7,897,508 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $6,138,654,000 after buying an additional 138,807 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Alphabet by 0.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 4,058,328 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,154,497,000 after buying an additional 27,472 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in Alphabet by 3.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 3,883,226 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $3,018,393,000 after buying an additional 117,242 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 34.74% of the company’s stock. About Alphabet Alphabet Inc is a holding company. The Company’s businesses include Google Inc (Google) and its Internet products, such as Access, Calico, CapitalG, GV, Nest, Verily, Waymo and X. The Company’s segments include Google and Other Bets. The Google segment includes its Internet products, such as Search, Ads, Commerce, Maps, YouTube, Google Cloud, Android, Chrome and Google Play, as well as its hardware initiatives. Receive News & Ratings for Alphabet Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alphabet Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Reuters - HSBC in big win Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               HSBC has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Reuters reports that Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's CEO Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Hit the link below to access the complete Reuters article: HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO Credit Suisse to make capital hike decision after AGM - Report   Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Worst in Chhattisgarh in seven years: 25 CRPF men killed by Maoists in Sukma MCD polls: EVMs dominate talks during AAP huddle at Arvind Kejriwal house Opened 25 years after Independence, Hall of Nations razed to ground Govt: Not imposing, but promoting Hindi MI vs RPS: Steve Smith hails efforts of Ben Stokes, Jaydev Unadkat after win over Mumbai Home Technology Tech News Sony surges as analysts say profit may reach highest since 1998 Sony surges as analysts say profit may reach highest since 1998 Sony Corp. shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company's better-than-projected preliminary earnings. By: Bloomberg | Tokyo | Published:April 24, 2017 8:09 pm It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. (Source: Bloomberg) Sony Corp. shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 percent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since Feb. 3. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of 285 billion yen ($2.6 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2017, 19 percent higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co. to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of 500 billion yen, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities Co., wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped $2 billion, the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost-savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Also Read: Sony announces new 4K and HDR technology equipment Analysts now turn their attention to April 28, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least 500 billion yen. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like “Metal Gear Solid” and “Parasite Eve,” and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like “Men in Black.” For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Sony Corp No Comments. Best of Express 2008 Malegaon blast case: Bombay HC grants bail to Sadhvi Pragya EntertainmentActor Sagarika Ghatge gets engaged to cricketer Zaheer Khan. Who is Sagarika Ghatge? See pics EntertainmentBefore Baahubali 2, Prabhas gets a special gift from SS Rajamouli EntertainmentAs K Vishwanath wins Dadasaheb Phalke award, here are five must watch films by the legendary director EntertainmentAnushka Sharma warns Virat Kohli to not shave off his beard, see pic Must Read SportsBen Stokes rises for Pune in stroke of genius SportsSmith hails efforts of Stokes, Unadkat after win SportsIn IPL 10, pacers are back in the fast lane TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8+ review blog: Some things you need to get used to TechnologyWhatsApp for iOS now lets Siri read your messages TechnologySamsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ worst performers in drop test: SquareTrade Lifestyle‘You have to really take a risk and not have a plan B’ Apr 25: Latest News Woman dies of monkey fever in Goa   Reports of North Korea artillery drill as US submarine docks in South FDA approves Glenmark’s first-in-human study for respiratory drug Rajnath Singh pays tribute to CRPF martyrs, terms Sukma attack a ‘cold blooded murder’ London mayor Sadiq Khan urged to lead campaign on female genital mutilation                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CME Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Needham & Company LLC Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Collegium Pharmaceutical Inc (COLL) Royal Bank of Canada Trims CME Group Inc (CME) Target Price to $133.00 Medidata Solutions Inc (MDSO) Earns Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC Cowen and Company Boosts Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Price Target to $2,000.00 Netflix’s (NFLX) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies Evercore ISI Raises Medtronic plc. (MDT) Price Target to $88.50 Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown Greenlight Capital Re, Ltd. (GLRE) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research PacWest Bancorp (PACW) CFO Acquires $95,500.00 in Stock Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (CSOD) Earns “Buy” Rating from Needham & Company LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms Neutral Rating for QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Radiant Logistics (RLGT) Board of Directors Announces Stock Repurchase Program International Business Machines Corp. (IBM) Earns “Hold” Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Cowen and Company Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc (RARE) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by Huntington National Bank Blackhawk Bancorp Com (BHWB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Facebook’s (FB) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird Goldman Sachs Group (GS) to Buyback 50,000,000 Shares Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Lowered by Moody National Bank Trust Division Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stake Maintained by Moody National Bank Trust Division Royal Bank of Canada Trims CME Group Inc (CME) Target Price to $133.00 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) had its price target reduced by Royal Bank of Canada from $134.00 to $133.00 in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. They currently have an outperform rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded CME Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $131.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a buy rating and issued a $128.00 price target on shares of CME Group in a research note on Saturday, March 11th. Deutsche Bank AG dropped their price target on CME Group from $139.00 to $136.00 and set a buy rating for the company in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded CME Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of $111.54. Shares of CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) traded up 1.08% on Wednesday, hitting $120.05. 205,440 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $40.78 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.50 and a beta of 0.88. CME Group has a 1-year low of $90.69 and a 1-year high of $127.60. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $120.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $116.00. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The financial services provider reported $1.14 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.03. CME Group had a return on equity of 7.28% and a net margin of 42.67%. The business earned $913 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $881.46 million. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $0.92 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that CME Group will post $4.86 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/royal-bank-of-canada-trims-cme-group-inc-cme-target-price-to-133-00.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, March 27th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were given a dividend of $0.66 per share. This is an increase from CME Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.60. This represents a $2.64 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.22%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. CME Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 52.98%. In other news, insider Hilda Harris Piell sold 3,043 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 14th. The stock was sold at an average price of $124.26, for a total transaction of $378,123.18. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 26,082 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,240,949.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO John W. Pietrowicz sold 2,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $117.85, for a total value of $294,625.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 40,995 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,831,260.75. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 12,931 shares of company stock valued at $1,576,260 over the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 0.61% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Norges Bank bought a new stake in CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $304,552,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main bought a new stake in CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $186,203,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in CME Group by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 17,986,325 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,084,930,000 after buying an additional 977,421 shares during the last quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. raised its stake in CME Group by 655.1% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 670,930 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $77,418,000 after buying an additional 582,080 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Congress Asset Management Co. MA bought a new stake in CME Group during the fourth quarter valued at $57,492,000. Institutional investors own 80.06% of the company’s stock. About CME Group CME Group Inc, through its exchanges, provides products across all asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. The Company’s segment primarily consists of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc (CME), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc (CBOT), New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX) and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX) exchanges. Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Investors Pull Out of High-Yield Funds as Growth Favors Stocks by Cecile Gutscher @CecileGutscher More stories by Cecile Gutscher and Lyubov Pronina @lyubovemworld More stories by Lyubov Pronina April 24, 2017, 8:43 AM EDT What Markets Should Conclude From France's Election Investors are pulling money out of high-yield bond funds at the fastest rate since June as rebounding growth boosts the allure of European equities. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Investors withdrew 1.5 billion euros ($1.6 billion) from vehicles specializing in European speculative-grade bonds in March, the first net outflow since November, according to data compiled by JPMorgan. That represents the first negative month since November. The picture for global funds is much the same: they lost $10.5 billion in March, the biggest outflow since December 2015, according to consultancy EPFR Global. High Yield Bond Downturn As first-round results of the French presidential election tempered investors’ sense of political risk in Europe with a strong performance by centrist, pro business candidate Emmanuel Macron, the region’s stocks soared to a two-year high. Equities typically perform better than bonds when investors expect growth to pick up. Meanwhile, the European Central Bank plans to wind down its asset-purchase program in coming months, removing a pillar of support for bonds and ending the yield distortions that had pushed many investors into the riskier edges of the credit spectrum in the first place. For more detail on European high-yield fund flows, click here “We would expect the strong search for yield to reverse as rates investors move out of higher-yielding credit and investors focus on the upside for European equities,” JPMorgan strategists led by Saul Doctor wrote in a note to clients Monday. “With French political risk off the table for the moment, we expect credit investors to focus on ECB tapering.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Where to Invest $10,000 Right Now Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS April 25, 2017 | Last updated 2 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data2 Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Why gold fans should brace for higher prices Gold hits biggest fall since March Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Gold Rate Sectors26 Markets23 Automotives Banking6 Construction Employment1 Features1 General Investment3 Media1 Careers1 Energy71 Retail5 Shipping Technology Telecoms1 Tourism1 top stories in Sectors Du reports 24% fall in first-quarter profit The Murdochs’ difficult path to pie in the Sky NBAD shareholders approve name change Aviation7 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Qatar Airways see ‘manageable’ decline Emirates flies high as world's best airline Global industry eyes Dubai as ATM begins Economy4 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property Eshraq confirms investment in Terra Real Estate Robust demand for Chinese property Dubai’s push for transparent realty arbitration Money4 Dirhams and Dollars4 Visas Analysis4 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus HSBC wins mandate on $100b Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO Bank mandated along with Wall Street banks on Aramco IPO - CEO Image Credit: Supplied HSBC’s chief executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank’s appointment on the deal at a shareholders’ meeting in Hong Kong. Published: 14:49 April 24, 2017 Reuters   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Hong Kong: HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia’s national oil giant Aramco, expected to be the world’s largest ever IPO, HSBC’s chief executive said on Monday. Europe’s biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion (Dh367.3 billion) and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government’s ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC’s chief executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank’s appointment on the deal at a shareholders’ meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move “some thousand roles” from Britain to Paris depending on how the country’s Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank’s previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe’s biggest bank. More from Markets Invest Bank’s first quarter net profit rises Global stocks surge after French vote Dubai stocks buck strong global markets trend Aramex, Deyaar Properties’ board to meet IFA posts marginal net loss in 2016 Changes to improve Saudi’s MSCI Oman in sovereign fund merger plans DSI enlists nominees to board tags from this storySaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNHSBC follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNHSBC follow this tag on MGN+ MGNstandard chartered plc Also In MarketsInvest Bank’s first quarter net profit rises Business Gallery 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01HSBC wins mandate on Saudi Aramco IPO 02What comes next in UAE markets will be telling 03Hedge Funds jump on gold for life raft Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Building of Burj Khalifa Dec 30, 2009 20Images 24th Arabian Travel Market begins in Dubai Apr 24, 2017 9Images 2017 Cityscape Abu Dhabi kicks off Apr 18, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 15Images First ‘Silk Road’ train leaves UK for China Apr 11, 2017 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-04-25 09:55:18 Most Popular on Gulf News UAE bans produce from these countries Your guide 2017 UAE holidays 90-minute blackout hits Dubai Mall Bride spurns groom and weds stranger Some UAE banks cut loan interest rates For UAE expats, no Haj permits this year Trio jailed for raping sleeping roommate Expat teaches how to avoid falling into debt This habit claimed 13 lives on Dubai roads Close Recommended For You Watch: Group wreak havoc at property PUBLISHED ON Apr 25, 2017 10 to thrill: Summer holiday packagesPUBLISHED ON Apr 25, 2017 Watch: Group wreak havoc at property PUBLISHED ON Apr 25, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) a GBX 525 Price Target Intu Properties PLC’s (INTU) Underperform Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG KCG Holdings, Inc. Class A (KCG) Downgraded to Hold at Sandler O’Neill Brokerages Expect Extended Stay America Inc (STAY) to Announce $0.12 Earnings Per Share Short Interest in Glu Mobile Inc. (GLUU) Decreases By 5.2% Staffing 360 Solutions Inc (STAF) Short Interest Update Marten Transport, Ltd (MRTN) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results 1st Source Co. (SRCE) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.07 EPS First Horizon National Corp (FHN) Lifted to Outperform at Vining Sparks Emerson Electric Co. (EMR) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Express, Inc. (EXPR) Rating Reiterated by MKM Partners Equity Residential’s (EQR) “Equal Weight” Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC First American Financial Corp (FAF) Earns “Hold” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Bank of America Corp Lowers Forest City Enterprises, Inc. (FCE) to Neutral Peoples Financial Services CORP. Has $1.358 Million Position in Southern Co (SO) American Research & Management Co. Has $151,000 Stake in Southern Co (SO) First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Reduces Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Acquires New Stake in Accenture Plc (ACN) Mastercard Inc (MA) Stake Increased by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA 29,400 Shares in Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) a GBX 525 Price Target April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Royal Bank of Canada set a GBX 525 ($6.61) price target on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) in a report released on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc reiterated a buy rating and issued a GBX 300 ($3.78) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 180 ($2.27) to GBX 155 ($1.95) and set an underweight rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Liberum Capital upgraded shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA to a buy rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 525 ($6.61) to GBX 700 ($8.81) in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Bank of America Corp set a GBX 500 ($6.29) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a reduce rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.17) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 475.70 ($5.99). International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 561.50 on Wednesday. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52-week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52-week high of GBX 576.84. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 543.67 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 475.05. The company’s market cap is GBX 11.91 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/royal-bank-of-canada-analysts-give-international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sa-iag-a-gbx-525-price-target.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a dividend of €0.13 ($0.13) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, June 29th. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Company Profile International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Us Sign In Sign Up Tuesday 25 April 2017 Mobile Egypt Top stories Features/Interviews Local News Middle East/North Africa News Features World World features World news Business Economy Science Science News Technology Health Environment Archaeology Arts Art News Literature History Cinema/TV Fashion Music Living Food Travel Well-being Society Opinion Media Videos Photos HSBC wins mandate on $100 bln Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Featured Bomb attack hits US base in eastern Afghanistan Egypt's secret police revived and back on the streets Ukraine launches investigation into death of OSCE monitor Ukraine launches investigation into death of OSCE monitor Spanish police arrests Egyptian man for allegedly belonging to a terror group Free entry to museums, archaeological sites on Sinai Liberation Day Number of tourists coming to Egypt increased in March, CAPMAS Japanese demand for nuclear shelters, purifiers surges as North Korea tension mounts EFACC: March saw highest rates of child abuse in Egypt in 5 years Egypt wheat reserves at 2.6 months, to buy 3.8 mln tons from local harvest Drone strike kills 3 civilians, four militants in Yemen: residents More state kiosks will be set up next week to buy waste from public: Cairo Governor CEO of world's largest cement maker to resign after company admits paying Syrian groups Emir Sabah receives Tawadros II in first papal visit to Kuwait Ask the President: Sisi will personally answer Egyptians' questions through new online initiative HSBC wins mandate on $100 bln Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO First large-scale malaria vaccine trials for Africa Mild weather expected Tuesday, Cairo 26C 20 defendants sentenced to death in 2013 Kerdasa police station violence 30 projects worth $20 billion to be established in Suez Canal Economic Zone: official HSBC wins mandate on $100 bln Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO On Mon, 24/04/2017 - 13:50 Printer-friendly versionSend to friend other Prev Next Pause Play 1 Tweet Reuters HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA.L) has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco IPO-ARMO.SE, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Morgan Stanley (MS.N) on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centerpiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered (STAN.L), withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group (1299.HK) boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank.   Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Donny Kwok, Additional reporting by Michelle Price; Writing by Lawrence White; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman Tweet Printer-friendly versionSend to friend HSBC, IPO, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Aramco Read also Saudi Aramco formally appoints banks to advise on share sale Saudi Aramco taps JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley for IPO, HSBC a contender: source                                             Our Recommendations Social media users infuriated by online calls disruption, NTRA denies blockage Russia grants 9 Arab countries visa-free entry, excludes Egypt In photos: Pharaonic cemetery with dozens of coffins, gold-colored masks discovered in Luxor MPs suggest Facebook users pay monthly subscription to aid state surveillance Why does Egypt's largest Muslim beacon, Al-Azhar, refuse to declare IS 'apostate'? Forbes list of the World’s Richest Arabs in 2017 includes seven Egyptians How would activating Emergency Law impact Egypt's already embattled tourist industry? US embassy in Cairo warns its citizens to avoid identifiable places of worship Does Parliament have the authority to give Red Sea islands agreement the kiss of life? Prev Next Pause Play 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 www.egyptindependent.com RSS FACEBOOK TWITTER NEWSLETTER MOBILE APP FEEDBACK CALL CENTER About Egypt Independent Advertise with us Corrections Copyrights Publishing policy Contact us All rights reserved. Al-Masry Al-Youm. ×
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies North Korean media issue threat to 'wipe out' US LafargeHolcim CEO Eric Olsen resigns after Syria deals Business Standard HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Despite earnings pressure, HSBC retained its dividend payout ratio at higher level in last few years Reuters  |  Hong Kong  April 24, 2017 Last Updated at 16:29 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2vuH ALSO READ HSBC's India headcount rises by 4,000 to reach 37,000 despite global drop Saudi Arabia wants oil prices to stabilise at $60 in 2017: OPEC sources Russia overtakes Saudi Arabia in 2016 as China's biggest crude oil supplier Saudis cut oil output to lowest in 2 years, pledge further reductions Saudi Arabia to shut doors on foreign employees at shopping malls HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. Read More On Hsbc | Agm | Hong Kong | Saudi Arabia | Oil | Stuart Gulliver | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Go Cashless, buy Health Insurance Online Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Despite earnings pressure, HSBC retained its dividend payout ratio at higher level in last few years Despite earnings pressure, HSBC retained its dividend payout ratio at higher level in last few years HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Despite earnings pressure, HSBC retained its dividend payout ratio at higher level in last few years HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SEGRO plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Rentokil Initial plc’s (RTO) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Raised to GBX 487 Relx PLC (REL) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Dutch Shell Plc (RDSA) Earns Outperform Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Sports Direct International Plc (SPD) Cut to “Hold” at Liberum Capital N+1 Singer Cuts Sinclair Pharma PLC (SPH) Price Target to GBX 37 Creative Planning Sells 7,079 Shares of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co (GT) Creative Planning Increases Stake in Macy's Inc (M) Creative Planning Has $569,000 Stake in TransCanada Co. (TRP) Creative Planning Raises Position in Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) Creative Planning Has $573,000 Stake in Bed Bath & Beyond Inc. (BBBY) Creative Planning Purchases 189 Shares of WestRock Co (WRK) McDonald's Co. (MCD) Stake Lowered by West Oak Capital LLC Raymond James Trust N.A. Has $5.732 Million Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Shares Bought by Atlas Brown Inc. Copper Rock Capital Partners LLC Cuts Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Hills Bank & Trust Co. Raises Stake in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194 SK Telecom Co Ltd (SKM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Raised to GBX 487 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet SEGRO plc (LON:SGRO) had its price target boosted by HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 478 ($6.02) to GBX 487 ($6.13) in a research note released on Wednesday. HSBC Holdings plc currently has a hold rating on the real estate investment trust’s stock. SGRO has been the topic of a number of other reports. BNP Paribas reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 490 ($6.17) price objective on shares of SEGRO plc in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating and issued a GBX 500 ($6.29) price objective on shares of SEGRO plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a neutral rating and issued a GBX 545 ($6.86) price objective on shares of SEGRO plc in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Numis Securities Ltd increased their price objective on shares of SEGRO plc from GBX 441 ($5.55) to GBX 484 ($6.09) and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Barclays PLC reissued an overweight rating and issued a GBX 520 ($6.54) price objective on shares of SEGRO plc in a research note on Friday, January 13th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 484.71 ($6.10). Shares of SEGRO plc (LON:SGRO) opened at 487.60 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average is GBX 470.24 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 454.18. SEGRO plc has a 52-week low of GBX 316.83 and a 52-week high of GBX 492.65. The firm’s market cap is GBX 4.04 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/segro-plc-sgro-price-target-raised-to-gbx-487.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 4th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be paid a dividend of GBX 11.20 ($0.14) per share. This is a boost from SEGRO plc’s previous dividend of $5.20. This represents a dividend yield of 2.25%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. In other news, insider Soumen Das purchased 9,054 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 17th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 453 ($5.70) per share, with a total value of £41,014.62 ($51,623.18). Also, insider Christopher Fisher purchased 17,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 453 ($5.70) per share, for a total transaction of £77,010 ($96,928.89). About SEGRO plc SEGRO plc is a United Kingdom-based real estate investment trust. The Company owns, develops and manages warehouse properties in the United Kingdom and Continental Europe. Its segments include Greater London, Thames Valley and National Logistics, Northern Europe (principally Germany), Southern Europe (principally France) and Central Europe (principally Poland). Receive News & Ratings for SEGRO plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SEGRO plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Technical Reports on Credit Services Stocks — Navient, Capital One Financial, Discover Financial, and CIT Group NEW YORK, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — This morning’s featured equities on Stock-Callers.com are: Navient Corp. (NASDAQ: NAVI), Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF), Discover Financial Services (NYSE: DFS), and CIT Group Inc. (NYSE: CIT). The Credit Services companies originate, acquire, and service loans to individuals and corporations, and are generally structured as corporations, and offer above-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Navient   Wilmington, Delaware headquartered Navient Corp.’s stock saw a decline of 1.44%, finishing last Friday’s trading session at $15.78. A total volume of 4.30 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 2.43 million shares. The Company’s shares have gained 13.36% in the last month. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.26% and 7.15%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Navient, which provides asset management and business processing services to education, health care, and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels in the US, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 65.95. On April 18th, 2017, Navient announced that it has reached an agreement to purchase JPMorgan Chase’s approximately $6.9 billion education loan portfolio. The portfolio comprises of approximately $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, of which $1.6 are securitized, and approximately $3.2 billion in whole private education loans. See our free and comprehensive research report on NAVI at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=NAVI Capital One Financial   Shares in McLean, Virginia headquartered Capital One Financial Corp. ended at $82.67, down 1.25% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.52 million shares. The Company’s shares are trading 4.23% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Capital One Financial, which operates as the bank holding company for the Capital One Bank (USA), National Association; and Capital One, National Association, which provides various financial products and services in the US, the UK, and Canada, have an RSI of 41.22. On March 29th, 2017, research firm Instinet upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Neutral’ to ‚Buy’. On April 04th, 2017, Capital One Financial announced that its latest Small Business Growth Index found 50% of small business owners overall feel current business conditions are good or excellent, up from 41% a year ago, and the same percentage expects to see conditions improve in the next six months – the highest level reported since spring 2012. COF free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=COF Discover Financial   On Friday, shares in Riverwoods, Illinois-based Discover Financial Services recorded a trading volume of 2.85 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 2.23 million shares. The stock declined 0.69%, closing the day at $66.23. The Company’s shares are trading 4.26% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Discover Financial Services, which through its subsidiaries, operates as a direct banking and payment services company in the US, have an RSI of 44.56. On April 20th, 2017, Discover Financial Services announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on its Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, in the amount of $16.25 per share. The dividend equals $0.40625 per depositary share, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of the Series B Preferred Stock. The dividend will be payable on June 01st, 2017 to the holders of record at the close of business on May 15th, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary report on DFS at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=DFS CIT Group   At the close of trading on Friday, shares in Livingston, New Jersey-based CIT Group Inc. recorded a trading volume of 1.60 million shares. The stock finished the session 0.32% lower at $43.60. The Company’s shares have gained 7.60% in the past month, 3.82% in the previous three months, and 2.53% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.36% and 11.70%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of CIT Group, which operates as the bank holding company for CIT Bank, National Association that provides banking and related services to commercial and individual customers, have an RSI of 54.98. On March 27th, 2017, research firm Morgan Stanley initiated an ‚Equal-Weight’ rating on the Company’s stock, with a target price of $45 per share. On April 18th, 2017, CIT Group announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per common share on its outstanding common stock. The common stock dividend is payable on May 26th, 2017 to common shareholders of record as of May 12th, 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on CIT at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=CIT — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Antero Midstream GP LP Launches Initial Public Offering Next PostNext Global Lamination Adhesives Market to Approach US$ 2.2 Billion by 2024 : Persistence Market Research Search Recent Posts Oil injection Market Analysis with Competitive Landscape : Based On Latest Research 2022 United States Portable Grills Market Present Scenario and Growth Prospects 2016-2021 Analyze the recent report on United States Airborne Fire Control Radar– Review, 2017 United States Police and Law Enforcement Equipment Market Research and Analysis 2021 High-k and ALD/CVD Metal Precursor Market share worth $965mn by 2024 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Senior plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Senior plc (SNR) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Acquires 44 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Macquarie Group Ltd. Maintains Stake in PolyOne Co. (POL) 58.com Inc (WUBA) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Position Reduced by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Teachers Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) PT Raised to GBX 660 at HSBC Holdings plc Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Has $699,000 Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 78,601 Shares of Store Capital Corp (STOR) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.381 Million Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.522 Million Position in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Downgraded by JMP Securities Ellington Financial LLC (EFC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Senior plc (SNR) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Senior plc (LON:SNR)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Liberum Capital in a note issued to investors on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 180 ($2.27) price objective on the stock. Liberum Capital’s price objective indicates a potential downside of 14.69% from the company’s current price. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 215 ($2.71) price objective on shares of Senior plc in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Peel Hunt restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 195 ($2.45) target price on shares of Senior plc in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. Berenberg Bank restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 220 ($2.77) target price on shares of Senior plc in a report on Thursday, February 9th. Canaccord Genuity decreased their target price on Senior plc from GBX 190 ($2.39) to GBX 170 ($2.14) and set a “hold” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, N+1 Singer restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 166 ($2.09) target price on shares of Senior plc in a report on Monday, February 27th. Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 201.50 ($2.54). Senior plc (LON:SNR) opened at 213.90 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 204.19 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 195.31. The company’s market cap is GBX 895.82 million. Senior plc has a one year low of GBX 161.00 and a one year high of GBX 245.00. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 26th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 27th will be issued a GBX 4.62 ($0.06) dividend. This is an increase from Senior plc’s previous dividend of $1.95. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 27th. This represents a yield of 2.63%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/liberum-capital-reiterates-hold-rating-for-senior-plc-snr.html. Senior plc Company Profile Senior plc is a holding company. The Company is an engineering solutions provider. The Company designs, manufactures and markets high-technology components and systems for the principal original equipment producers in the aerospace, defense, land vehicle and energy markets. It operates in two divisions: Aerospace and Flexonics. Receive News & Ratings for Senior plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Senior plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon Apr 24, 2017 | 3:34pm IST HSBC wins mandate on $100 billion Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO FILE PHOTO: Logos of HSBC are displayed at a major branch at the financial Central district in Hong Kong, China February 21, 2017. REUTERS/Bobby Yip/File Photo By Sumeet Chatterjee | HONG KONG HONG KONG HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Donny Kwok, Additional reporting by Michelle Price,; Writing by Lawrence White; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter SINGAPORE Investors' enthusiasm for Asian stocks is waning as a raft of political and economic risks takes the shine off the best first-quarter returns in 26 years. Reliance lifts Jio investment above $30 billion after record year MUMBAI Reliance Industries plans to spend a further $2.8 billion on its Jio telecoms business in the current quarter, it said on Monday, taking its investment in the venture to more than $30 billion. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine makes South Korea port call Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Technical Reports on Credit Services Stocks — Navient, Capital One Financial, Discover Financial, and CIT Group NEW YORK, April 24, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- This morning's featured equities on Stock-Callers.com are: Navient Corp. (NASDAQ: NAVI), Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE: COF), Discover Financial Services (NYSE: DFS), and CIT Group Inc. (NYSE: CIT). The Credit Services companies originate, acquire, and service loans to individuals and corporations, and are generally structured as corporations, and offer above-average dividend yields. Download the free research reports on these stocks today: http://stock-callers.com/registration Navient   Wilmington, Delaware headquartered Navient Corp.'s stock saw a decline of 1.44%, finishing last Friday's trading session at $15.78. A total volume of 4.30 million shares was traded, which was above their three months average volume of 2.43 million shares. The Company's shares have gained 13.36% in the last month. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 6.26% and 7.15%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Navient, which provides asset management and business processing services to education, health care, and government clients at the federal, state, and local levels in the US, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 65.95. On April 18th, 2017, Navient announced that it has reached an agreement to purchase JPMorgan Chase's approximately $6.9 billion education loan portfolio. The portfolio comprises of approximately $3.7 billion in federally guaranteed student loans, of which $1.6 are securitized, and approximately $3.2 billion in whole private education loans. See our free and comprehensive research report on NAVI at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=NAVI Capital One Financial   Shares in McLean, Virginia headquartered Capital One Financial Corp. ended at $82.67, down 1.25% from the last trading session. The stock recorded a trading volume of 2.52 million shares. The Company's shares are trading 4.23% above their 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of Capital One Financial, which operates as the bank holding company for the Capital One Bank (USA), National Association; and Capital One, National Association, which provides various financial products and services in the US, the UK, and Canada, have an RSI of 41.22. On March 29th, 2017, research firm Instinet upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Buy'. On April 04th, 2017, Capital One Financial announced that its latest Small Business Growth Index found 50% of small business owners overall feel current business conditions are good or excellent, up from 41% a year ago, and the same percentage expects to see conditions improve in the next six months - the highest level reported since spring 2012. COF free research report PDF is just a click away at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=COF Discover Financial   On Friday, shares in Riverwoods, Illinois-based Discover Financial Services recorded a trading volume of 2.85 million shares, which was above their three months average volume of 2.23 million shares. The stock declined 0.69%, closing the day at $66.23. The Company's shares are trading 4.26% above their 200-day moving average. Additionally, shares of Discover Financial Services, which through its subsidiaries, operates as a direct banking and payment services company in the US, have an RSI of 44.56. On April 20th, 2017, Discover Financial Services announced that its Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend on its Fixed Rate Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B, in the amount of $16.25 per share. The dividend equals $0.40625 per depositary share, each representing 1/40th interest in a share of the Series B Preferred Stock. The dividend will be payable on June 01st, 2017 to the holders of record at the close of business on May 15th, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary report on DFS at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=DFS CIT Group   At the close of trading on Friday, shares in Livingston, New Jersey-based CIT Group Inc. recorded a trading volume of 1.60 million shares. The stock finished the session 0.32% lower at $43.60. The Company's shares have gained 7.60% in the past month, 3.82% in the previous three months, and 2.53% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 2.36% and 11.70%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of CIT Group, which operates as the bank holding company for CIT Bank, National Association that provides banking and related services to commercial and individual customers, have an RSI of 54.98. On March 27th, 2017, research firm Morgan Stanley initiated an 'Equal-Weight' rating on the Company's stock, with a target price of $45 per share. On April 18th, 2017, CIT Group announced that its Board of Directors has declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.15 per common share on its outstanding common stock. The common stock dividend is payable on May 26th, 2017 to common shareholders of record as of May 12th, 2017. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and download the latest research report on CIT at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=CIT -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Investments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Hyaluronic Acid-based Biomaterials Market Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2022 Next PostNext United States Stairlift Market to 2022: New Tech Developments, Advancements, Key Players, Strategies to Boost Industry Growth Search Recent Posts Endodontic Irrigators Market in United States Overview, Growth Forecast, Demand and Development Research Report to 2021 Zyno Medical Oncology Product Suite Featured At Community Oncology Conference Solid Oxide Fuel Cells (SOFCs) – Global Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Global Biolubricants Strategic Business Report 2017 – Research and Markets Electrical System Cryotherapy Chambers Market in United States Report Research Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Recent Trends by Leading Regions, Types and Application from 2017 to 2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Aristotle Capital Management LLC Has $699,000 Stake in Walt Disney Co (DIS) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Sells 78,601 Shares of Store Capital Corp (STOR) UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.381 Million Stake in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Eagle Materials, Inc. (EXP) Shares Sold by UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. Has $6.522 Million Position in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Education Realty Trust, Inc. (EDR) Downgraded by JMP Securities Ellington Financial LLC (EFC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Dover Motorsports, Inc. (DVD) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research CYS Investments Inc (CYS) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Earns “Buy” Rating from BTIG Research Barclays PLC Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Deere & Company (DE) Diebold Nixdorf Inc (DBD) Now Covered by Feltl & Co. Barclays PLC Boosts Dover Corp (DOV) Price Target to $79.00 Stifel Nicolaus Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Genel Energy PLC (GENL) Price Target Cut to GBX 63 Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Hays plc (HAS) WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON: MRW): 4/24/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on the stock. 4/12/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on the stock. 4/7/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Macquarie from GBX 215 ($2.71) to GBX 225 ($2.83). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/3/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG from GBX 200 ($2.52) to GBX 230 ($2.89). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 3/23/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its price target raised by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 210 ($2.64) to GBX 225 ($2.83). They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/22/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.52) price target on the stock. 3/22/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG. They now have a GBX 200 ($2.52) price target on the stock. 3/17/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 235 ($2.96) price target on the stock. 3/14/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.27) price target on the stock. 3/12/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. 3/10/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC was upgraded by analysts at Beaufort Securities to a “buy” rating. 3/10/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “underweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a GBX 205 ($2.58) price target on the stock. 3/8/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a GBX 260 ($3.27) price target on the stock. 3/6/2017 – WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. Shares of WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (LON:MRW) opened at 234.80 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 236.21 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 231.63. WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 168.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 250.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.45 billion. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 25th will be given a dividend of GBX 3.85 ($0.05) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.67%. This is an increase from WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC’s previous dividend of $1.58. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. In related news, insider Neil Davidson bought 12,800 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 235 ($2.96) per share, for a total transaction of £30,080 ($37,860.29). Also, insider Paula Vennells bought 12,745 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were bought at an average price of GBX 234 ($2.95) per share, with a total value of £29,823.30 ($37,537.19). Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC is engaged in the operation of retail supermarket stores under the Morrisons brand and associated activities. The Company offers products, such as Free From, World Foods, Food To Go and Nutmeg clothing. It has food manufacturing capabilities in meat, fish, bakery, fruit and veg, deli and flowers. Receive News & Ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business HSBC wins mandate on $100 bln Saudi Aramco IPO: CEO Add to ... By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG — Reuters Published Monday, Apr. 24, 2017 5:26AM EDT Last updated Monday, Apr. 24, 2017 6:00AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print HSBC Holdings Plc <HSBA.L> has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco <IPO-ARMO.SE>, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and Morgan Stanley <MS.N> on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centerpiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered <STAN.L>, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group <1299.HK> boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Donny Kwok, Additional reporting by Michelle Price,; Writing by Lawrence White; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.50 0.00 (0.00%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$43.56 0.00 (0.00%) Updated April 24 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Reuters AG United Kingdom Europe Mark Tucker Standard Chartered PLC Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. HSBC Holdings PLC Aramco Saudi Arabia European Union Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Obama makes first post-presidency appearance Life What was Starbucks thinking with their new Unicorn Frappuccino? News North Korea video simulation shows missile attack on U.S. Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: How do I avoid people trying to sell me investment products? News In struggling middle America, Trump hits high note Video From hockey rink to basketball court in seven hours News Banned under Islamic State, toys make welcome return to Mosul Life Caitlyn Jenner on why she wrote a memoir Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: How much money do you to rent in cities across Canada? Report on Business Jimmy Choo seeks a buyer Arts Elton John recovering from a bacterial infection News Trump challenges UN Security Council on North Korea ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Victoria looks to follow Vancouver on foreign-buyers tax Life Kenneth Lata was an unlikely survivor and always a fighter Most popular U.S. imposing 20-per-cent tariff on Canadian softwood lumber exports April 25: Your daily horoscope Ontario to roll out basic income in three cities Globe editorial: Donald Trump’s first 100 days, summed up in one interview Christy Clark promises to fight U.S.-imposed softwood lumber tariffs X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad HSBC wins mandate on $100 bln Saudi Aramco IPO - CEO By Reuters Published: 05:59 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 05:59 EDT, 24 April 2017 e-mail By Sumeet Chatterjee HONG KONG, April 24 (Reuters) - HSBC Holdings Plc has been formally mandated as an adviser on the initial public offering of Saudi Arabia's national oil giant Aramco &lt;IPO-ARMO.SE>, expected to be the world's largest ever IPO, HSBC's chief executive said on Monday. Europe's biggest bank joins peers including JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co and Morgan Stanley on the deal, which is expected to raise some $100 billion and is the centrepiece of the Saudi government's ambitious strategy to diversify away from oil. HSBC's Chief Executive Stuart Gulliver announced the bank's appointment on the deal at a shareholders' meeting in Hong Kong, confirming a Reuters report in February that the bank was close to being mandated on the hottest investment banking ticket in the world. Gulliver also said HSBC is confident it can maintain dividend payouts in the foreseeable future and expects to exceed risk-weighted asset and cost-saving targets. Despite earnings pressure, HSBC has retained its dividend payout ratio at a higher level in the last few years, at a time when some of its peers, including Standard Chartered, withheld dividend payments for 2016. The bank may have to move "some thousand roles" from Britain to Paris depending on how the country's Brexit negotiations with the European Union unfold, chairman Douglas Flint added, reiterating the bank's previous estimates of staff moves. HSBC last month named AIA Group boss Mark Tucker as the new chairman of its board, replacing veteran Flint, whose departure will end one of the longest-serving management partnerships at a major global bank. CEO Gulliver is also due to leave in 2018, and one of the main tasks facing Tucker immediately after taking over the new role in October will be selecting a new chief executive for Europe's biggest bank. (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee and Donny Kwok, Additional reporting by Michelle Price,; Writing by Lawrence White; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance IMI plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for IMI plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc IMI plc’s (IMI) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Novae Group Plc (NVA) Earns Add Rating from Stockdale Securities Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Abbott Laboratories Cut by Leerink Swann (ABT) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts (EGBN) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.214 Million Position in James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 7,196 Shares of Enbridge Inc (ENB) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Decreases Stake in CGI Group Inc (GIB) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.647 Million Stake in Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Fmr LLC Has $273,000 Stake in PHH Co. (PHH) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Downgraded by B. Riley to Neutral Fmr LLC Decreases Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (ALG) TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Cut to “Hold” at Deutsche Bank AG Time Warner Inc (TWX) Stock Rating Lowered by Pivotal Research State Street Corp Boosts Position in Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) IMI plc’s (IMI) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated their neutral rating on shares of IMI plc (LON:IMI) in a report issued on Tuesday. A number of other research firms have also recently issued reports on IMI. BNP Paribas increased their price objective on shares of IMI plc from GBX 1,150 ($14.47) to GBX 1,400 ($17.62) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of IMI plc from GBX 1,005 ($12.65) to GBX 1,275 ($16.05) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. Liberum Capital reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 1,460 ($18.38) price objective on shares of IMI plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Deutsche Bank AG increased their price objective on shares of IMI plc from GBX 1,064 ($13.39) to GBX 1,170 ($14.73) and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price objective on shares of IMI plc from GBX 990 ($12.46) to GBX 1,120 ($14.10) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. IMI plc has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 1,166.79 ($14.69). IMI plc (LON:IMI) opened at 1230.00 on Tuesday. IMI plc has a 52-week low of GBX 891.50 and a 52-week high of GBX 1,298.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 1,235.47 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 1,108.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 3.33 billion. WARNING: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/imi-plcs-imi-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 19th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be paid a GBX 24.70 ($0.31) dividend. This is a positive change from IMI plc’s previous dividend of $14.00. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 2.04%. About IMI plc IMI plc is a United Kingdom-based specialist engineering company. The Company is engaged in designing, manufacturing and servicing engineered products that control the precise movement of fluids. The Company operates though the following segments: IMI critical engineering, which provides flow control solutions; IMI precision engineering, which specializes in developing motion and fluid control technologies, and IMI hydronic engineering, which is engaged in designing and manufacturing technologies that delivers heating and cooling systems to the residential and commercial building sectors. Receive News & Ratings for IMI plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for IMI plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc IMI plc’s (IMI) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Novae Group Plc (NVA) Earns Add Rating from Stockdale Securities Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Abbott Laboratories Cut by Leerink Swann (ABT) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts (EGBN) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.214 Million Position in James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 7,196 Shares of Enbridge Inc (ENB) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Decreases Stake in CGI Group Inc (GIB) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.647 Million Stake in Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Fmr LLC Has $273,000 Stake in PHH Co. (PHH) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Downgraded by B. Riley to Neutral Fmr LLC Decreases Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (ALG) TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Cut to “Hold” at Deutsche Bank AG Time Warner Inc (TWX) Stock Rating Lowered by Pivotal Research State Street Corp Boosts Position in Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reiterated their neutral rating on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) in a research report released on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 600 ($7.55) target price on the insurance provider’s stock, up from their prior target price of GBX 570 ($7.17). A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on RSA. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a neutral rating and set a GBX 585 ($7.36) price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price target on RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 680 ($8.56) to GBX 690 ($8.68) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. HSBC Holdings plc raised their price target on RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($7.93) to GBX 695 ($8.75) and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Macquarie restated an underperform rating and set a GBX 440 ($5.54) price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Canaccord Genuity upgraded RSA Insurance Group plc to a buy rating and raised their price target for the stock from GBX 640 ($8.06) to GBX 655 ($8.24) in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 602.42 ($7.58). Shares of RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) opened at 586.75 on Tuesday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 590.12 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 569.96. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 5.91 billion. RSA Insurance Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 425.60 and a 12-month high of GBX 617.50. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/rsa-insurance-group-plcs-rsa-neutral-rating-reaffirmed-at-citigroup-inc.html. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be paid a GBX 11 ($0.14) dividend. This is an increase from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. This represents a dividend yield of 1.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 2nd. RSA Insurance Group plc Company Profile RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers. Its segments include Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Its segments are based on geography and all are engaged in providing personal and commercial general insurance services. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) Smiths Group plc’s (SMIN) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Citigroup Inc IMI plc’s (IMI) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Novae Group Plc (NVA) Earns Add Rating from Stockdale Securities Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Abbott Laboratories Cut by Leerink Swann (ABT) Eagle Bancorp, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.82 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts (EGBN) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.214 Million Position in James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Purchases 7,196 Shares of Enbridge Inc (ENB) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Decreases Stake in CGI Group Inc (GIB) Tempur Sealy International Inc (TPX) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Has $8.647 Million Stake in Hudson Technologies, Inc. (HDSN) Fmr LLC Has $273,000 Stake in PHH Co. (PHH) Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Raises Position in Carbonite Inc (CARB) Stifel Nicolaus Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Downgraded by B. Riley to Neutral Fmr LLC Decreases Position in Alamo Group, Inc. (ALG) TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Cut to “Hold” at Deutsche Bank AG Time Warner Inc (TWX) Stock Rating Lowered by Pivotal Research State Street Corp Boosts Position in Lion Biotechnologies Inc (LBIO) HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc reissued their reduce rating on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) in a report published on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 490 ($6.17) target price on the stock. IAG has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their target price on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA from GBX 180 ($2.27) to GBX 155 ($1.95) and set an underweight rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Citigroup Inc reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.78) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a buy rating and set a GBX 238 ($3.00) target price on shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. Bank of America Corp set a GBX 500 ($6.29) target price on International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Liberum Capital raised International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA to a buy rating and lifted their target price for the stock from GBX 525 ($6.61) to GBX 700 ($8.81) in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of GBX 475.70 ($5.99). Shares of International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (LON:IAG) opened at 558.50 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 543.67 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 475.05. The stock’s market cap is GBX 11.84 billion. International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA has a 52-week low of GBX 281.73 and a 52-week high of GBX 576.84. WARNING: “HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Reduce Rating for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/hsbc-holdings-plc-reiterates-reduce-rating-for-international-consolidated-airlns-grp-sa-iag.html. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 3rd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a €0.13 ($0.13) dividend. This represents a yield of 2.03%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. About International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA International Consolidated Airlines Group, SA is an airline company that holds the interests in airline and ancillary operations. Its segments include British Airways, Iberia, Vueling, Aer Lingus and Other Group companies. It combines the airlines in the United Kingdom, Spain and Ireland. It has approximately 550 aircrafts to over 280 destinations. Receive News & Ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BCE Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stephens Reiterates Buy Rating for Home Bancshares Inc (HOMB) Medtronic plc. (MDT) Rating Reiterated by Northland Securities RANDALL & QUILTER INVESTMENT HOLDINGS LTD (RQIH) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Numis Securities Ltd Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Rating Reiterated by Barclays PLC Shawbrook Group PLC (SHAW) Rating Reiterated by Numis Securities Ltd VSA Capital Reaffirms Buy Rating for Redt Energy PLC (RED) BCE Inc. (BCE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €17.50 Price Target at Macquarie Domino's Pizza Group PLC. (DOM) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Credit Suisse Group AG Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Derwent London Plc (DLN) to Neutral Daily Mail and General Trust plc’s (DMGT) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Liberum Capital Diageo plc’s (DGE) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Bryan, Garnier & Co Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Berenberg Bank Downgrades Britvic Plc (BVIC) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Issued By FBR & Co Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Reduced by Analyst SunTrust Banks Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc (WING) Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) PT Lowered to $52.00 at Piper Jaffray Companies Simmons Boosts Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Price Target to $81.00 BCE Inc. (BCE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Previews - Finance Tweet BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) (NYSE:BCE) is set to issue its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. BCE Inc. (TSE:BCE) opened at 61.35 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $59.18 and a 200 day moving average of $58.78. The stock has a market capitalization of $53.44 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 18.42. BCE Inc. has a 12 month low of $56.80 and a 12 month high of $63.40. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Saturday, April 15th. Investors of record on Wednesday, March 15th were paid a dividend of $0.7175 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, March 13th. This is a boost from BCE’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.68. This represents a $2.87 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 4.68%. A number of equities analysts recently commented on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. dropped their price target on shares of BCE from C$66.00 to C$64.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc dropped their price target on shares of BCE from C$67.00 to C$65.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Scotiabank lifted their price target on shares of BCE from C$60.00 to C$61.00 and gave the stock a “sector perform” rating in a research note on Friday. TD Securities lowered shares of BCE from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and decreased their price objective for the company from C$64.00 to C$59.00 in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, National Bank Financial decreased their price objective on shares of BCE from C$60.00 to C$59.00 and set a “sector perform” rating for the company in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. BCE currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of C$61.77. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “BCE Inc. (BCE) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/bce-inc-bce-scheduled-to-post-earnings-on-wednesday.html. In related news, Director Katherine M. Lee acquired 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The stock was bought at an average price of C$57.57 per share, for a total transaction of C$57,570.00. Also, insider Duc Bernard Le sold 63,746 shares of BCE stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of C$58.26, for a total transaction of C$3,713,841.96. Insiders have sold a total of 172,564 shares of company stock valued at $10,032,669 in the last quarter. About BCE BCE Inc is a communications company. The Company’s segments include Bell Wireless, Bell Wireline and Bell Media. Its Bell Wireless segment provides wireless voice and data communications products and services to its residential, small and medium-sized business and large enterprise customers across Canada. Receive News & Ratings for BCE Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BCE Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Britvic Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Britvic Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Diageo plc’s (DGE) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Bryan, Garnier & Co Reiterates “Sell” Rating for Burberry Group plc (BRBY) Berenberg Bank Downgrades Britvic Plc (BVIC) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) Issued By FBR & Co Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Reduced by Analyst SunTrust Banks Analysts Reduce Earnings Estimates for Wingstop Inc (WING) Walker & Dunlop, Inc. (WD) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) PT Lowered to $52.00 at Piper Jaffray Companies Simmons Boosts Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Price Target to $81.00 WestRock Co (WRK) Raised to Outperform at Royal Bank of Canada Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) Sector Perform Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Aqua America Inc (WTR) Lowered to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Cathay General Bancorp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CATY) William Blair Weighs in on Cheesecake Factory Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CAKE) Exfo Inc (EXFO) Earns “Sector Perform” Rating from National Bank Financial Intel Co. (INTC) Rating Lowered to Sell at Vetr Inc. Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Interpublic Group of Companies (IPG) John Wood Group PLC (WG) Receives Underperform Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Tesco PLC (TSCO) Receives “Sell” Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Berenberg Bank Downgrades Britvic Plc (BVIC) to Hold April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Britvic Plc (LON:BVIC) was downgraded by investment analysts at Berenberg Bank to a “hold” rating in a research report issued on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 725 ($9.13) price objective on the stock. Berenberg Bank’s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 8.70% from the company’s previous close. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC upped their target price on shares of Britvic Plc from GBX 600 ($7.55) to GBX 620 ($7.80) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 695 ($8.75) target price on shares of Britvic Plc in a research note on Friday, March 31st. Whitman Howard restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 800 ($10.07) target price on shares of Britvic Plc in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 600 ($7.55) target price on shares of Britvic Plc in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 700 ($8.81) target price on shares of Britvic Plc in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Ten analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. Britvic Plc has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 666.57 ($8.39). Shares of Britvic Plc (LON:BVIC) opened at 670.00 on Thursday. Britvic Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 521.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 727.00. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.76 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 650.25 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 598.97. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/berenberg-bank-downgrades-britvic-plc-bvic-to-hold.html. About Britvic Plc Britvic plc is a United Kingdom-based soft drinks company. The Company operates in the soft drinks manufacturing and distribution industry. It operates through six segments: GB stills, GB carbs, Ireland, France, Brazil and International. The GB stills and GB carbs segments include its operations in the United Kingdom excluding Northern Ireland. Receive News & Ratings for Britvic Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Britvic Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alteryx Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BP plc (BP) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Cowen and Company Initiates Coverage on Alteryx Inc (AYX) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on E*TRADE Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ETFC) Leerink Swann Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Hexcel Co. (HXL) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.69 Per Share Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. MGM Resorts International (MGM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Canaccord Genuity Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 560 Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,111 at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers Alere Inc (ALR) to Strong Sell Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) PT Lowered to GBX 500 Andalas Energy and Power PLC (ADL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Price Target Raised to $21.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Cowen and Company Initiates Coverage on Alteryx Inc (AYX) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cowen and Company started coverage on shares of Alteryx Inc (NYSE:AYX) in a report released on Tuesday. The brokerage issued an outperform rating and a $21.00 price target on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a neutral rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Pacific Crest initiated coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set an overweight rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on shares of Alteryx in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. They set a buy rating and a $20.00 target price on the stock. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company. Alteryx presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $19.50. Shares of Alteryx (NYSE:AYX) opened at 15.43 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is $504.14 million. Alteryx has a 52-week low of $14.61 and a 52-week high of $17.50. The company has a 50-day moving average of $16.03 and a 200-day moving average of $16.03. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/cowen-and-company-initiates-coverage-on-alteryx-inc-ayx.html. In other news, major shareholder Iconiq Strategic Partners Ii, acquired 675,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $14.00 per share, with a total value of $9,450,000.00. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. About Alteryx Alteryx, Inc is a United States-based provider of self-service data analytics software. The Company offers various products, such as Alteryx Designer, Alteryx Server and Alteryx Analytics Gallery. Alteryx Designer is a repeatable workflow for self-service data analytics. Alteryx Designer allows data analysts by combining data preparation, data blending, and analytics-predictive, statistical and spatial-using the same user interface. Receive News & Ratings for Alteryx Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alteryx Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Yamana Gold Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BP plc (BP) Downgraded by Citigroup Inc Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. Cowen and Company Initiates Coverage on Alteryx Inc (AYX) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on E*TRADE Financial Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ETFC) Leerink Swann Analysts Decrease Earnings Estimates for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Hexcel Co. (HXL) Forecasted to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.69 Per Share Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Take Two Interactive Software Inc (TTWO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. MGM Resorts International (MGM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Canaccord Genuity Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 560 Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,111 at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers Alere Inc (ALR) to Strong Sell Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) PT Lowered to GBX 500 Andalas Energy and Power PLC (ADL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Price Target Raised to $21.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Yamana Gold Inc. (AUY) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Vetr Inc. April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr upgraded shares of Yamana Gold Inc. (NYSE:AUY) (TSE:YRI) from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating in a research note published on Wednesday. Vetr currently has $3.33 price target on the basic materials company’s stock. Several other analysts have also weighed in on AUY. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $3.00 price objective on Yamana Gold and gave the stock a hold rating in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a buy rating and set a $3.75 price objective on shares of Yamana Gold in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Zacks Investment Research raised Yamana Gold from a sell rating to a hold rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Barclays PLC reissued a hold rating and set a $4.00 price objective on shares of Yamana Gold in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Bank of America Corp lowered Yamana Gold from a neutral rating to an underperform rating and set a $2.80 price objective on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Yamana Gold has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $4.63. Shares of Yamana Gold (NYSE:AUY) opened at 3.01 on Wednesday. The firm’s market cap is $2.82 billion. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $2.81 and a 200 day moving average of $3.12. Yamana Gold has a 12 month low of $2.46 and a 12 month high of $5.99. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/yamana-gold-inc-auy-lifted-to-strong-buy-at-vetr-inc.html. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 14th. Investors of record on Friday, March 31st were paid a $0.005 dividend. This represents a $0.02 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.66%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 29th. Yamana Gold’s dividend payout ratio is -1.06%. A number of hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in AUY. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Yamana Gold during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $5,259,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Yamana Gold by 19.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,282,208 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $14,147,000 after buying an additional 523,706 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group raised its stake in shares of Yamana Gold by 57.2% in the third quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group now owns 3,734,825 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $19,988,000 after buying an additional 1,358,315 shares in the last quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board raised its stake in shares of Yamana Gold by 77.1% in the third quarter. Canada Pension Plan Investment Board now owns 1,683,900 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $7,239,000 after buying an additional 732,868 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of Yamana Gold by 0.4% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 3,460,223 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $14,905,000 after buying an additional 14,690 shares in the last quarter. 46.77% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Yamana Gold Yamana Gold Inc is a gold producer with gold production, gold development stage properties, exploration properties, and land positions throughout the Americas, including Canada, Brazil, Chile and Argentina. The Company’s segments include Chapada mine in Brazil; El Penon mine in Chile; Canadian Malartic mine in Canada; Gualcamayo mine in Argentina; Minera Florida mine in Chile; Jacobina mine in Brazil; Brio Gold Inc (Brio Gold), and Corporate and other. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yamana Gold Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canaccord Genuity Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 560 Berkeley Group Holdings PLC (BKG) Price Target Raised to GBX 4,111 at Jefferies Group LLC Zacks Investment Research Lowers Alere Inc (ALR) to Strong Sell Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Earns Outperform Rating from Cowen and Company American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Earns Buy Rating from Mizuho BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Hold Rating for AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Merlin Entertainments PLC (MERL) PT Lowered to GBX 500 Andalas Energy and Power PLC (ADL) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Wednesday Crest Nicholson Holdings PLC (CRST) Earns Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Tile Shop Holdings, Inc. (TTS) Price Target Raised to $21.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Solo Oil PLC (SOLO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Beaufort Securities Wedbush Comments on Select Comfort Corp.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (SCSS) Wedbush Equities Analysts Boost Earnings Estimates for Skechers USA Inc (SKX) Givaudan Sa ‘s (GVDNY) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Deutsche Bank AG SINO BIOPHARMACEUT HKD0.025 (SBMFF) Earns Underperform Rating from Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC REXEL (RXEEY) Lifted to Buy at Kepler Capital Markets Koninklijke Ahold Delhaize NV (ADRNY) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Orchids Paper Products Company (TIS) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Neurotrope Inc (NTRP) Earns Buy Rating from Aegis Canaccord Genuity Raises Aviva plc (AV) Price Target to GBX 560 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV) had its target price lifted by Canaccord Genuity from GBX 500 ($6.29) to GBX 560 ($7.05) in a report issued on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently issued reports on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 520 ($6.54) to GBX 540 ($6.80) and gave the company an outperform rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a buy rating on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Friday, March 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an overweight rating and set a GBX 553 ($6.96) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 525 ($6.61) to GBX 600 ($7.55) and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc reissued a hold rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.29) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of GBX 539.21 ($6.79). Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 529.00 on Wednesday. Aviva plc has a 12 month low of GBX 290.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 570.50. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 524.33 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 483.62. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 21.47 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/canaccord-genuity-raises-aviva-plc-av-price-target-to-gbx-560.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a GBX 15.88 ($0.20) dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. In related news, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.67), for a total value of £34,778.60 ($43,774.20). Also, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.61), for a total value of £472,951.50 ($595,281.94). In the last ninety days, insiders bought 9,374 shares of company stock worth $5,014,702. Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Nokia Oyj - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Altyn PLC’s (ALTN) Buy Rating Reiterated at VSA Capital Merck KGaA (MRK) Given a €106.00 Price Target by Berenberg Bank Analysts Panmure Gordon Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Allergy Therapeutics plc (AGY) Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) PT Set at €17.50 by Morgan Stanley ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €30.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €6.00 Price Target for Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) HSBC Holdings plc Reiterates Buy Rating for Associated British Foods plc (ABF) Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) a €27.00 Price Target Barclays PLC Analysts Give HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) a €80.00 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€156.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) equinet AG Reiterates “€166.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) iRobot Co. (IRBT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €68.00 Price Target at S&P Global HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Cascade Bancorp (CACB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Russel Metals Inc (RUS) Raised to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Total Energy Services Inc (TOT) Upgraded to Outperform by CIBC Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €6.00 Price Target for Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €6.00 ($6.38) price target on Nokia Oyj (HEL:NOKIA) in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also weighed in on NOKIA. Deutsche Bank AG set a €4.80 ($5.11) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €5.50 ($5.85) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 30th. Morgan Stanley set a €5.70 ($6.06) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. S&P Global set a €5.00 ($5.32) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €5.70 ($6.06) price objective on shares of Nokia Oyj and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. Nokia Oyj presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €5.68 ($6.04). ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €6.00 Price Target for Nokia Oyj (NOKIA)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reiterates-6-00-price-target-for-nokia-oyj-nokia.html. About Nokia Oyj Nokia Corporation is a global provider of network infrastructure and related services, with a focus on mobile broadband, as well as advanced technology development and licensing. The Company’s businesses include Nokia Networks and Nokia Technologies. The Company’s segments include Mobile Broadband, Global Services, Nokia Networks Other and Nokia Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Nokia Oyj Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nokia Oyj and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) a €80.00 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€156.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) equinet AG Reiterates “€166.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) iRobot Co. (IRBT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €68.00 Price Target at S&P Global HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Cascade Bancorp (CACB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Russel Metals Inc (RUS) Raised to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Total Energy Services Inc (TOT) Upgraded to Outperform by CIBC Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. Analysts Issue Forecasts for DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for e.l.f. Beauty Inc Issued By SunTrust Banks (ELF) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Raised by Analyst equinet AG Reiterates “€166.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet equinet AG set a €166.00 ($176.60) price target on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €197.00 ($209.57) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €193.00 ($205.32) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Berenberg Bank set a €100.00 ($106.38) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Thursday, March 30th. BNP Paribas set a €168.00 ($178.72) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €167.00 ($177.66) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Volkswagen AG has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €148.50 ($157.98). Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 142.50 on Wednesday. Volkswagen AG has a 12 month low of €103.70 and a 12 month high of €156.32. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €137.51 and a 200 day moving average price of €133.59. The firm has a market capitalization of €71.43 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.89. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright laws. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/equinet-ag-reiterates-166-00-price-target-for-volkswagen-ag-vow3.html. Volkswagen AG Company Profile Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) a €80.00 Price Target Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€156.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) equinet AG Reiterates “€166.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) iRobot Co. (IRBT) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Daimler AG (DAI) Given a €68.00 Price Target at S&P Global HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €100.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Cascade Bancorp (CACB) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Tuesday Russel Metals Inc (RUS) Raised to Outperform at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl’s (VRX) “Outperform” Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Total Energy Services Inc (TOT) Upgraded to Outperform by CIBC Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Earns “Outperform” Rating from Scotiabank JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Rogers Communications Inc. (RCI.B) Price Target to C$62.00 JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Give Peugeot SA (UG) a €24.00 Price Target Biogen Inc (BIIB) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) to Release Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Brinker International, Inc. (EAT) Set to Announce Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. Analysts Issue Forecasts for DiamondRock Hospitality Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (DRH) Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for e.l.f. Beauty Inc Issued By SunTrust Banks (ELF) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Raised by Analyst Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€156.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Independent Research GmbH set a €156.00 ($165.96) price objective on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report report published on Wednesday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €197.00 ($209.57) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €160.00 ($170.21) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €197.00 ($209.57) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. S&P Global set a €169.00 ($179.79) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €155.00 ($164.89) price target on Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €148.50 ($157.98). Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 142.50 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €137.51 and a 200-day moving average of €133.59. The stock has a market capitalization of €71.43 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.89. Volkswagen AG has a 1-year low of €103.70 and a 1-year high of €156.32. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Independent Research GmbH Reiterates “€156.00” Price Target for Volkswagen AG (VOW3)” was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/independent-research-gmbh-reiterates-156-00-price-target-for-volkswagen-ag-vow3.html. About Volkswagen AG Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Bank Financial Comments on Copper Mountain Mining Co..’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CUM) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Capstone Mining Corp’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CS) Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Endeavour Silver Corp Decreased by Analyst (EDR) Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Earns Outperform Rating from Scotiabank BMO Capital Markets Reiterates Outperform Rating for Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Cardinal Energy Ltd (CJ) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Royal Bank of Canada B2Gold Corp. (BTO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Bank of Nova Scotia’s (BNS) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. (CVTI) Cut to “C” at TheStreet Western Digital Corp (WDC) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy CSS Industries Inc (CSS) Raised to B at TheStreet Vetr Inc. Downgrades iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) to Hold Mastercard Inc (MA) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Upgraded to “B” at TheStreet Analysts Offer Predictions for Lundin Mining Co.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (LUN) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Surge Energy Inc’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SGY) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Washington Federal Inc. (WAFD) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $120.35 Million Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Achaogen Inc (AKAO) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $3.5 Million Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY) April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) – Jefferies Group issued their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for shares of Sanofi SA in a research report issued on Thursday. Jefferies Group analyst J. Holford expects that the company will post earnings per share of $0.78 for the quarter. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.67 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.66 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $8.88 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $9.87 billion. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. Sanofi SA’s revenue was down 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. WARNING: “Brokers Issue Forecasts for Sanofi SA’s Q1 2017 Earnings (SNY)” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/brokers-issue-forecasts-for-sanofi-sas-q1-2017-earnings-sny.html. A number of other brokerages have also commented on SNY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. HSBC Holdings plc lowered shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Argus began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Thursday, April 6th. They set a “buy” rating and a $50.00 price target on the stock. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $50.00 price target on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Tuesday, March 7th. They set an “underweight” rating on the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $62.75. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) opened at 44.09 on Monday. Sanofi SA has a one year low of $36.81 and a one year high of $45.95. The firm has a market capitalization of $111.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.87 and a beta of 0.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $44.60 and a 200 day moving average price of $41.33. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in SNY. Argentus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 2.5% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 13,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $522,000 after buying an additional 335 shares in the last quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 0.3% in the third quarter. Oxbow Advisors LLC now owns 84,015 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,210,000 after buying an additional 220 shares in the last quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 5.1% in the third quarter. Tocqueville Asset Management L.P. now owns 268,709 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,262,000 after buying an additional 12,996 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 30.9% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 3,973,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,760,000 after buying an additional 938,683 shares in the last quarter. Finally, World Asset Management Inc increased its position in shares of Sanofi SA by 7.4% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 127,983 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,888,000 after buying an additional 8,778 shares in the last quarter. 9.63% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The company also recently announced an annual dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, June 7th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be paid a dividend of $1.5771 per share. This represents a yield of 3.65%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This is an increase from Sanofi SA’s previous annual dividend of $1.10. Sanofi SA’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 54.90%. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact Top - World Apple is getting serious about AR News - World Lyft drivers sue Uber over ‘spyware’ Home In-depth Jerm News Opinion Adii Pienaar Adrian Schofield Alan Knott-Craig Jr Aleks Gostev Alison Gillwald Alistair Fairweather Andrew Fraser Andrew Rens Andy Marken Angus Brown Angus Hay Anton Harber Anton Meyer Antony Seeff Arno du Toit Art Coviello Ayo Ajayi Bradley Shaw Brandon Purcell Brett Parker Cameron MacKenzie Candice Jones Chris Moerdyk Chris Roper Craig Lappan Craig Neill Craig Raw Craig Wilson Danie Nel Danie Pienaar Darryl Bernstein Dave Gale Dave MacDonald David Glance David Liu David Walker De Wet Bisschoff Denis Smit Dirk de Vos Dominic Cull Don MacRobert Duncan McLeod Eckart Zollner Elaine de Beer Eric Edelstein Eric MK Osiakwan Erika van der Merwe Etienne Louw Faith Muthambi Francois Beyleveld Fungai Sibanda Gaelyn Scott Gareth Knight Gavin Davis Genna Robb Gerard Soverall Gill Moodie Gisèle Wertheim Aymés Gizela Parker Graham Beneke Graham Braum Graham Friend Greg Mahlknecht Gregory Serandos Guy Zibi Helen Zille Henk Kleynhans Herman Blignaut Hillary Clinton Hilton Tarrant Howard Blake Howard Rybko Ihab Moawad Indra de Lanerolle Isaac Mophatlane Ismail Vadi Ivo Vegter Jacques Rousseau Jacqui O'Sullivan James Francis James Selfe Jan Dawson Jana van Zyl Jannie van Zyl Jason Norwood-Young Jason Xenopoulos Jasson Urbach Joe Mjwara Jose Dos Santos Juanita Clark Justin McCarthy Justin Schwellnus Justin Spratt Karl Muller Kathleen Rice Keith Jones Keith Thabo Kenny Inggs Kevin Phillips Lara Pienaar Lawrence Lundy Leon G Marincowitz Leon Louw Lisa Thornton Lloyd Gedye Luke Muller Maphanga Maseko Marc Ashton Marcel Kramer Marian Shinn Marius Burger Mark Acton Mark Pretorius Mark Seftel Mark Taylor Mark Whitby Martha Bennett Matthew French Michael Jordaan Mike Mulcahy Mophethe Moletsane Muzi Makhaye Nafisa Akabor Nathan Jeffery Nathaniel Borenstein Neil Campbell Neil Watson Nic Callegari Nick Crail Nick Jones Owen Dean Pallo Jordan Paris Mashile Pascal Matzke Patricia de Lille Patrick Gaspard Paul Jacobson Paul Theron Peter Karaszi Peter Streicher Peter Walsh Pieter Steyn Prenesh Padayachee Pria Chetty Rachel Sikwane Regardt van der Berg Reshaad Sha Richard Firth Richard Mullins Rob Lith Roger Hislop Romeo Kumalo Russel Yeo Russell Lamberti Russell Southwood Ryk van Niekerk Saki Missaikos Sasha Naryshkine Schalk Nolte Shameel Joosub Shashi Hansjee Simon Dingle Sipho Hlongwane Sipho Maseko Siya Qoza Siyabonga Cwele Siyabonga Madyibi Songezo Zibi Steve Song Steven Ambrose Steven Cohen Styli Charalambous Sunil Gopal Suveer Ramdhani Tawana Kupe Thabiso Moerane Tim Genders Tim James Tim Parle Tim Shier Tim Walter Tim Wyatt-Gunning Timothy Kroon Toby Shapshak Tony Gunnarsson Verashni Pillay Vicky Stilwell Vincent Hoogduijn Vinolan David William Stucke Willington Ngwepe Yunus Carrim Zunaid Bulbulia People Podcasts TalkCentral TechCentral ZA Tech Show Reviews Start-ups Weekend About Advertise Newsletter Contact Sony surges on strong profit outlook Sony shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. By Yuji Nakamura and Takako Taniguchi. Added by Editor on 24 April 2017. Saved under Top, World Tags: Sony Tweet Sony shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4,6% in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since 3 February. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of ¥285bn (US$2,6bn) for the fiscal year to March 2017, 19% higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement on Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about ¥73bn, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs to Credit Suisse reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of ¥500bn, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities, wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped $2bn, the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to 28 April, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least ¥500bn. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like Metal Gear Solid and Parasite Eve, and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like Men in Black.  — (c) 2017 Bloomberg LP Share this article Tweet Connect with TechCentral Follow TechCentral on Twitter Connect with TechCentral on Facebook Connect with TechCentral on Google+ Subscribe to our newsletter Articles by comments (7 days) 15DSL dead within five years: Vox CEO 7Gigaba aide calls for nationalisation 6Biometric bank cards coming to SA 3‘Rot has set in’: Ramaphosa 3Commission won’t prosecute Vodacom, MTN Home About Advertise Newsletter Contact RSS ↑ TechCentral TechCentral Log in - (c) 2009 - 2015 NewsCentral Media
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Sony Surges as Analysts Say Profit May Reach Highest Since 1998 by Yuji Nakamura @ynakamura56 More stories by Yuji Nakamura and Takako Taniguchi More stories by Takako Taniguchi April 23, 2017, 8:39 PM EDT Operating profit tops $2 billion for second year in a row Analysts expect $4.5 billion profit target, highest since 1998 Sony Corp. shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 percent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since Feb. 3. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of 285 billion yen ($2.6 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2017, 19 percent higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co. to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of 500 billion yen, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities Co., wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped $2 billion, the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost-savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to April 28, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least 500 billion yen. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like "Metal Gear Solid" and "Parasite Eve," and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like "Men in Black." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, April 25, 2017 3:02 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Sony surges as analysts say profit may reach highest since 1998 Monday April 24, 2017 11:40 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Reasons why so many global players are chasing our Proton Annuar Musa called in for MARA investigation The Edit: Google launches second-gen Jump camera for filming VR The Edit: These very hungry caterpillars can eat your plastic trash Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 per cent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since February 3. — Reuters picTOKYO, April 24 — Sony Corp shares jumped the most in almost three months after the company’s better-than-projected preliminary earnings boosted analyst confidence in its ability to hit the highest profit levels in almost two decades. The Tokyo-based company rose as much as 4.6 per cent in early Tokyo trading, headed for its biggest jump since Feb. 3. Sony reported preliminary operating profit of 285 billion yen (RM11.39 billion) for the fiscal year through March 2017, 19 per cent higher than its previous forecast, according to a statement Friday after the close. It also said net income would be about 73 billion yen, more than twice the previous forecast. That triggered JPMorgan Chase & Co to upgrade its rating on the stock to overweight from neutral, while analysts from Goldman Sachs Group Inc. to Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated bullish outlooks. They say that the previous fiscal year’s firm results indicate Sony can achieve operating profit of 500 billion yen, which would be the highest level since 1998. “In fundamental terms, the fact that earnings have become more resilient to swings in the macroeconomic environment (excluding one-off factors such as earthquakes) is a result of improvement in business management capabilities,” Kenichi Saita, an analyst at Mizuho Securities Co, wrote in a report to clients. The positive results for the previous period mark the second straight year operating profit has topped US$2 billion (RM8.8 billion), the longest such streak since 2001. The company cited strong performance across most businesses and cost-savings in its insurance unit. Its chips division also saw lower expenses after a faster-than-expected recovery from last year’s earthquake in western Japan. “This will strengthen the market’s confidence going into the next fiscal year,” said Kazunori Ito, an analyst at Morningstar Investment Services. “Despite the strengthening yen, the fact that chips were mentioned in this release means they probably contributed quite a lot to this upward revision.” Analysts now turn their attention to April 28, when Sony is expected to announce its forecast for the 12-month period that began this month. Goldman’s Masaru Sugiyama said the company is likely to announce operating profit target of at least 500 billion yen. The 1998 profit was driven by the original PlayStation console, which solidified Sony as a home gaming force with hits like “Metal Gear Solid” and “Parasite Eve,” and its movie division, which churned out blockbusters like “Men in Black.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Why are global players chasing Proton? Singapore's no-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats French election spurs equity market, euro rally (VIDEO) Ringgit opens at 4.3890/3920 against US greenback Bursa opens high in tandem with upbeat Wall St performance Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion 1MDB, IPIC settle debt dispute Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Serena Williams calls Nastase’s comments racist Reuters Video: Obama back in the spotlight, vows to help future leaders Reuters Video: Venezuela’s death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? Despite higher interest rates, Citigroup’s net interest margin fell in the first quarter. Motley Fool Staff Apr 23, 2017 at 9:11PM As interest rates continue to head higher, banks should earn more money from net interest income. Yet, even though the Federal Reserve has raised rates twice since the beginning of December, Citigroup's (NYSE:C) net interest margin fell in the first quarter, meaning that it generated a lower net yield from its portfolio of interest-earning assets this year than it did in the first quarter of 2016. In the segment below of Industry Focus: Financials, The Motley Fool's Gaby Lapera and John Maxfield explain why Citigroup is bucking this trend. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 17, 2017. Gaby Lapera: Even though JPMorgan and Citi did generally well, Citi's net interest margin went down. Can you talk a little bit about that? John Maxfield: Yeah, and I'm really glad you brought that up. One of the narratives in the banking industry right now is that banks are going to earn a lot more money as interest rates continue to go up. Since the financial crisis, interest rates have been really low. But in December of 2015, the Federal Reserve increased interest rates by 25 basis points. They did so again in December of last year and did so again one more time in March of this year. When interest rates go up, that means it costs more to borrow. And because the principal product that commercial banks in particular sell are loans, if the prices of those loans go up, that translates into higher revenue. What we're seeing with Citigroup, and we're going to see a lot of that with Bank of America when it reports earnings tomorrow and throughout the year, because it's come out and said, "Look, on a quarterly basis, just because of that 25 basis points," that's a 0.25% increase in the fed funds rate, which is the rate that banks lend money, the reserves that are held at the Federal Reserve, if they have excess reserves held there, they lend those reserves out on an overnight basis to other banks that need more liquidity. So as that has gone up, Bank of America is going to make all this additional money. But here's the thing. In Citigroup's case, and JPMorgan Chase is seeing the same thing, and other banks are expected to see that, too, but Citigroup didn't see that, and the reason is because it is still dealing with a lot of churn on its balance sheet related to toxic assets that date back to the financial crisis. So there's all this other noise in the numbers that is disguising the positive impact of higher interest rates on Citigroup's bottom line. Lapera: Yeah. I will say, it's 2017, it's been a while. You would think they would have sorted through this a little bit quicker, and I think that speaks to the complex structure that Citibank has, that it's so difficult for them to unload these assets, with the regulations on them. But hopefully we see a little bit more hustle on that. Maxfield: It also speaks to the magnitude of the issues that Citi ran into in the financial crisis. It has taken a long time to work through these things. The other bank that had a similar thing was Bank of America, and it really didn't turn the corner until two years ago. So Citigroup is just a little behind it, but it eventually will turn the corner, and you'll see that in the bottom-line numbers. Lapera: Yeah, eventually, one day, hopefully.  Gaby Lapera owns shares of JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 23, 2017 at 9:11PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $59.44 up $1.72 (2.98%) Read More Here's Why Ocwen Financial Corp. Plunged Today Why Deutsche Bank AG Stock Is Up 10% Today This Big Bank Had the Best First-Quarter Earnings Report Why Was Wells Fargo Left in the Dust Last Quarter? 3 Times Donald Trump Moved the Market This Month Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Aren’t Higher Interest Rates Helping Citigroup? @themotleyfool #stocks $C
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hologic (HOLX) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.28 Halcon Resources (HK) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Positive Press Coverage Very Likely to Impact Entravision Communication (EVC) Stock Price Northgate plc (NTG) Receives GBX 551.14 Average Target Price from Analysts TransCanada Co. (TRP) Receives C$69.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Brokerages Set Nordic American Tanker Ltd (NAT) PT at $9.69 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Solar Senior Capital Ltd (SUNS) Will Announce Earnings of $0.35 Per Share Analysts Anticipate AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) to Announce -$0.28 EPS Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Affect Fortress Investment Group (FIG) Share Price Numerex Corp. (NMRX) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Netflix (NFLX) Share Price General Mills (GIS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Potlatch (PCH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Price Target at $43.75 Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target at $244.33 Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) have been trending positive this week, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Hilton Worldwide Holdings earned a media sentiment score of 0.31 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news headlines about the company an impact score of 50 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the news headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: The Bp Plc Buys New Position in Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. (HLT) (nyhetsbanken.info) Lodging: HILTON WORLDWIDE HOLDINGS INC. (NYSE:HLT) Position of the day (latribunadecanarias.com) Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Watertown’s $400M Arsenal Yards project will include a new hotel (finance.yahoo.com) Hilton Worldwide : Appoints Area President for Greater China and Mongolia (4-traders.com) HLT has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Sanford C. Bernstein raised shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $66.00 price target on shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Evercore ISI downgraded shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings from a “hold” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Morgan Stanley reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $61.00 price target on shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $73.60. Shares of Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) traded down 0.42% on Friday, reaching $57.35. 1,197,906 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Hilton Worldwide Holdings has a 52 week low of $41.55 and a 52 week high of $60.49. The company’s 50-day moving average is $57.45 and its 200-day moving average is $54.33. The firm has a market capitalization of $18.91 billion, a P/E ratio of 54.62 and a beta of 1.33. Hilton Worldwide Holdings (NYSE:HLT) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.70 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.65 by $0.05. Hilton Worldwide Holdings had a net margin of 13.35% and a return on equity of 13.84%. The business had revenue of $2.92 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.91 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $0.22 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts anticipate that Hilton Worldwide Holdings will post $1.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 10th were issued a $0.15 dividend. This is a positive change from Hilton Worldwide Holdings’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.07. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.05%. Hilton Worldwide Holdings’s dividend payout ratio is presently 17.95%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Hilton Worldwide Holdings (HLT) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/hilton-worldwide-holdings-hlt-earns-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-31.html. About Hilton Worldwide Holdings Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc is a hospitality company. The Company is engaged in owning, leasing, managing and franchising hotels and resorts. The Company’s segments include ownership, and management and franchise. Its global portfolio of owned and leased properties includes a range of hotels in gateway cities, such as New York City, London, San Francisco, Chicago, Sao Paolo and Tokyo. Receive News & Ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Netflix (NFLX) Share Price General Mills (GIS) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Potlatch (PCH) Earning Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Phibro Animal Health Corp (PAHC) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Shows Analysts Set Iron Mountain Incorporated (Delaware) REIT (IRM) Price Target at $43.75 Veeva Systems Inc (VEEV) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Brokerages Set Fenner plc (FENR) Price Target at $244.33 Zacks: Ampliphi Biosciences Corp (APHB) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Strong Buy” from Brokerages Simon Property Group (SPG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Whitbread (WTBCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.27 Billion Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Aviva plc (AV) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) have been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the eighteen research firms that are presently covering the firm. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have issued a hold recommendation and nine have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year target price among analysts that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 539.21 ($6.79). Several equities research analysts have recently commented on AV shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Aviva plc from GBX 506 ($6.37) to GBX 553 ($6.96) and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. S&P Global Inc lowered Aviva plc to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. HSBC Holdings plc reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.29) price target on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Barclays PLC boosted their price target on Aviva plc from GBX 470 ($5.92) to GBX 477 ($6.00) and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Finally, Macquarie reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 427 ($5.37) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. In related news, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.61), for a total transaction of £472,951.50 ($595,281.94). Also, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.67), for a total transaction of £34,778.60 ($43,774.20). Over the last 90 days, insiders have bought 9,374 shares of company stock valued at $5,014,702. Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) traded up 0.69% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 511.61. The stock had a trading volume of 11,870,225 shares. Aviva plc has a 52-week low of GBX 290.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 570.50. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 524.33 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 483.62. The firm’s market cap is GBX 20.76 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 15.88 ($0.20) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/aviva-plc-av-given-consensus-rating-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About Aviva plc Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Simon Property Group (SPG) Earning Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 Whitbread (WTBCY) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Zacks: Remy Cointreau Unspon (REMYY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Analysts Anticipate SunTrust Banks, Inc. (STI) Will Announce Quarterly Sales of $2.27 Billion Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds RadNet Inc. (RDNT) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $125.93 Million Brokerages Set National Express Group PLC (NEX) Target Price at $401.20 Analysts Anticipate Almost Family Inc (AFAM) Will Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Loews (L) Stock Price Marathon Oil (MRO) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact EP Energy Corp (EPE) Stock Price Home Depot (HD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31 April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) has been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Synchronoss Technologies earned a coverage optimism score of 0.31 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media stories about the software maker an impact score of 82 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. A number of analysts recently issued reports on the company. Stifel Nicolaus reduced their price objective on Synchronoss Technologies from $40.00 to $32.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $35.00 price objective (down previously from $43.00) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Sunday, April 2nd. Zacks Investment Research cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, April 1st. Deutsche Bank AG cut Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and reduced their price objective for the company from $50.00 to $35.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 price objective for the company. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have given a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $44.75. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded up 0.70% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $24.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 419,183 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $25.01 and a 200-day moving average price of $35.80. The stock has a market cap of $1.07 billion, a PE ratio of 54.24 and a beta of 2.28. Synchronoss Technologies has a 1-year low of $23.05 and a 1-year high of $49.94. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The software maker reported $0.24 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.26 by $0.02. The company earned $147.80 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $149.11 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a net margin of 3.38% and a return on equity of 11.20%. The firm’s revenue was down 6.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.61 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. In other Synchronoss Technologies news, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 777 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.08, for a total value of $30,365.16. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 36,405 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,422,707.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Robert Garcia sold 1,695 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $25.66, for a total transaction of $43,493.70. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 77,312 shares in the company, valued at $1,983,825.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 39,927 shares of company stock worth $1,439,740. Insiders own 11.00% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Synchronoss Technologies (SNCR) Earns Daily News Impact Score of 0.31” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/synchronoss-technologies-sncr-earns-daily-news-impact-score-of-0-31.html. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc is a global software and services company, which provides technologies and services for the mobile transformation of business. The Company’s portfolio in the Consumer and Enterprise markets contains offerings, such as personal cloud, secure-mobility, identity management and scalable messaging platforms, products and solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JD.Com Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect First Financial Bancorp (FFBC) Stock Price Hibbett Sports (HIBB) Earns Daily News Impact Rating of 0.12 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Unlikely to Impact Cedar Fair, L.P. (FUN) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect General Dynamics (GD) Stock Price JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Retail Properties of America (RPAI) Receiving Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds RadNet Inc. (RDNT) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest Acorda Therapeutics Inc (ACOR) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $125.93 Million Brokerages Set National Express Group PLC (NEX) Target Price at $401.20 Analysts Anticipate Almost Family Inc (AFAM) Will Post Earnings of $0.53 Per Share Somewhat Positive News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Loews (L) Stock Price Marathon Oil (MRO) Earning Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact EP Energy Corp (EPE) Stock Price Home Depot (HD) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports $0.60 EPS Expected for ITT Inc. (ITT) This Quarter Viacom, Inc. (VIAB) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts $8.97 Billion in Sales Expected for The Coca-Cola Co (KO) This Quarter Domtar Corp (UFS) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $1.27 Billion Zacks: Innate Pharma (IPHYF) Given Consensus Rating of “Strong Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com (JD) Getting Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds April 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) have been trending positive on Sunday, according to Alpha One Sentiment. The research firm, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. JD.Com earned a media sentiment score of 0.29 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news headlines about the information services provider an impact score of 25 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected AlphaOne’s analysis: Buzzing Stocks: JD.Com Inc(ADR) (NASDAQ:JD), Mobileye NV … – Wall Street Times (press release) (wallstreetnews24.com) EEOC and Orion Energy Systems, Inc. Settle Wellness Case (jdsupra.com) JD.Com (JD) Given Media Sentiment Rating of 0.29 (americanbankingnews.com) Nitish meets Sonia; JD-U keen for common candidate in presidential polls (ekosvoice.com) JD.com signs deal with HP to target corporate clients (m.chinadaily.com.cn) A number of equities research analysts recently weighed in on JD shares. Vetr downgraded shares of JD.Com from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $28.94 target price on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. MKM Partners reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $27.00 target price on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Thursday, December 29th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of JD.Com from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and raised their target price for the company from $32.00 to $39.00 in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “underperform” rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $32.50 target price on shares of JD.Com in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, thirteen have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.71. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) traded up 1.12% on Friday, hitting $34.35. 11,713,477 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. JD.Com has a 12 month low of $19.51 and a 12 month high of $34.72. The stock’s market cap is $48.72 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $31.77 and a 200-day moving average price of $28.24. JD.Com also was the target of unusually large options trading on Thursday. Stock traders acquired 901 call options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 121% compared to the typical daily volume of 407 call options. JD.Com (NASDAQ:JD) last released its earnings results on Thursday, March 2nd. The information services provider reported ($0.18) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.06) by $0.12. JD.Com had a negative return on equity of 28.18% and a negative net margin of 4.18%. The business earned $80.25 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $76.30 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned ($0.07) EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 47.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that JD.Com will post $0.24 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/23/jd-com-jd-getting-positive-media-coverage-analysis-finds.html. JD.Com Company Profile JD.com, Inc is an online direct sales company. The Company engages in the sale of electronics and home appliance products and general merchandise products (including audio, video products and books) sourced from manufacturers, distributors and publishers in China on the Internet through its Website, www.jd.com. Receive News & Ratings for JD.Com Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JD.Com Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Indonesia won't need to repeat spending cuts this year-Indrawati By Reuters Published: 01:35 EDT, 25 April 2017 | Updated: 01:35 EDT, 25 April 2017 e-mail By David Lawder WASHINGTON, April 25 (Reuters) - Indonesia will not need to repeat last year's major spending cut as the government's revenue projections look "on track" amid strengthening growth, Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati told Reuters. Indrawati said in an interview on Monday that the government would reallocate some spending within the budget to more "productive" areas that can support growth, such as land acquisition for infrastructure projects. The former World Bank managing director also insisted that Indonesia's international banking environment was not becoming more difficult, despite a recent row over a negative JP Morgan research report. One of Indrawati's first acts when she returned to Jakarta as finance minister in July 2016 was to slash state spending by $10.2 billion to hold Indonesia's deficit within a 3 percent legal limit. "We are not going to cut. The president is asking to reallocate more, focusing on the spending which is productive," Indrawati said of this year's budget, after the International Monetary Fund and World Bank spring meetings in Washington. She said revenue projections appear "on track" as the World Bank projects Indonesia's economic growth at 5.2 percent this year, compared to the government's official 5.1 percent forecast used for budget planning, and 5.0 percent last year. "If there is going to be a change in the revenue it will be because of the commodity prices, like oil. We are assuming $45 a barrel, maybe it's going to be an average of $50," she said. Indonesian crude grade prices ranged from $46.65 a barrel to $50.80 a barrel on Monday. Benchmark U.S. light crude traded at $49.49. Indrawati said the government needed to boost infrastructure spending this year for some specific projects, such as hosting the Asian Games in 2018, but added, "The overall top line is not going to change." Interest rates are another variable that could have an effect on revenues, depending on how far and fast the U.S. Federal Reserve raises rates this year, which could affect growth, capital flows and the value of the rupiah. Indrawati said Indonesia was much better positioned to handle Fed rate hikes than during the "taper tantrum" of 2013, when funds flowed out of emerging markets as the Fed signaled it would scale back its bond-buying efforts. Indrawati said this time around, the Fed's intentions have been well-telegraphed, and confidence in Indonesia's growth prospects, its growing middle class and its reform efforts are also stronger. "As long as this movement of the interest rates is being viewed by the market as a sign of strength of the U.S. economy, I think there will be less possibility of volatility," she said. Following the growth of religious tension in the recent election of the governor of Jakarta, Indrawati said it was "not necessarily the correct projection" to assume similar issues for 2019 national elections, and added that it would have no effect on President Joko Widodo's reform program. "This is still a healthy democracy, it's a good result of democracy. People presenting what they wish, what they expect," she said. "And for government, at the national level, we will continue doing our program." RESEARCH ROW Indrawati sent shockwaves through the banking sector in January when she severed the government's business ties with JP Morgan Chase and Co after the bank analysts downgraded Indonesian stocks to "underweight" in the wake of U.S. President Donald Trump's election in November. She said she wanted to encourage banks to operate in a "healthy way" for the country and independent research was welcomed as long as it was accurate. Banks working on behalf of the government, such as those handling sovereign bond issues, need to be clear on what the government expects from them, she said. "What we discussed with JP Morgan was that the relationship between the government of Indonesia with any institution, if it is really based on mutual benefit and serving the country, it should be defined more clearly," Indrawati said. The removal of JP Morgan as a primary bond dealer was followed by new regulations requiring Indonesia's primary bond dealers to "safeguard" their partnership with the government and avoid conflicts of interest.. (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Clarence Fernandez) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NEWS24  |   OLX  |   PROPERTY24  |   CAREERS24  |   SPREE  |     Search No more malls, please! Joburg needs to create communities rather than build more unneeded shops, says Mandi Smallhorne. Terry Bell's Inside Labour It is time for a strong resurrection of labour's demand for truly fair trade. Get the life you negotiate You need the right mindset to negotiate successfully, says Ian Mann. Home Companies Advertising Agribusiness Financial Services Health ICT Industrial Investment Holdings Mining Property Retail Travel & Leisure Markets Markets News Sens Commodities Currencies Equities News International Economy Budget 2017 South Africa Eskom Africa World Labour Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Personal Finance Debt Insurance Medical Aid Money Clinic Money management Property Retirement Savings & Investments Tax Entrepreneurs Ask the experts Entrepreneur profiles Franchising Getting started MyBusiness News Opinion & Analysis Tips & Tools Opinion Columnists MyFin24 Finweek ZAR/AUD 9,81 (0.07%) ZAR/EUR 14,11 (0.16%) ZAR/GBP 16,61 (0.33%) ZAR/JPY 0,12 (0.25%) ZAR/USD 12,99 (0.07%) GOLD 1272,63 (-0.20%) OIL 51,73 (0.23%) PALLADIUM 796,5 (-0.31%) PLATINUM 959 (-0.10%) SILVER 17,86 (-0.28%) FTSE/JSE All Share 52921,4 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Financial 15 14900,41 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Industrial 25 70646,9 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32070,11 (0.00%) FTSE/JSE Top 40 46187,92 (0.00%) CAC 40 5268,85 (0.00%) NIKKEI 225 19079,33 (1.08%) All data is delayed Loading... See More We’re currently experiencing serious technical problems on the site, and as a result are unable to update the news – even though our market data is running as per normal. We sincerely apologise for any inconvenience caused and hope to be up and running again this evening. Thank you for your patience in this regard. – David McKay (editor) & team Nasdaq hits record close as French vote boosts stocks Apr 25 2017 06:54 Nasdaq market site. (Kathy Willens, AP, file) Related Articles International markets positive following French election JSE rises as market favourite Macron wins French poll Oil rises after five-day slide as markets rally UPDATE: Rand breaches R12.90/$ as markets cheer French vote   New York - The Nasdaq surged to a record close on Monday as US stocks joined a global rally following the strong performance by centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron in the first round of voting on Sunday. The Nasdaq gained 1.2% to finish the day at 5 983.82 points, up about 67 points from a record set last week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.1% to end the session at 20 763.89, and the broad-based S&P 500 also advanced 1.1% to close at 2 374.15. Global markets enjoyed a strong day after Macron advanced to the second round in the French vote on May 7, with polls showing him decisively leading anti-EU, anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen, leader of the National Front party. "Markets are taking the news out of France very positively with the outcome of the first round of the election easing some of the concerns that had been in the market," said David Levy, portfolio manager of Republic Wealth Advisors. READ: Rand breaches R12.90/$ as markets cheer French vote As in Europe, banking shares led the US market, with Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase all winning about 3% or more. Technology shares also did well, with Google parent Alphabet, Facebook and Expedia all advancing more than 1%. Health care supplier CR Bard jumped 19.5% after reaching an agreement to be acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company for $24bn. Becton Dickinson lost 4.5%. US paints and coatings group PPG rose 1.8% after it again lifted its bid for AkzoNobel to at about 24.6 billion euros. The Dutch paintmaker has rejected to earlier bids. Toy company Hasbro gained 5.9% as it reported a 40.6% jump in first quarter net income to $68.6m. Revenues rose 2% to $849.7m.Read Fin24's top stories trending on Twitter: Fin24’s top stories Follow Fin24 on Twitter, Facebook, Google+ and Pinterest. 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. WHAT TO READ NEXT {{item.title}} Read more about:    nasdaq  |  equities  |  wall street  |  markets NEXT ON FIN24X International markets positive following French election 2017-04-24 18:19 Share this page Yahoo! Google Digg del.icio.us Facebook Tweet         Most ReadEditor's Choice SIM-swap victims mull legal action against banks Rand breaches R12.90/$ as markets cheer French vote Ramaphosa takes off the gloves in fight to lead SA PICS: What you get for R185m Cape Town home Ramaphosa: 'Rot has set in' at ANC Why SA needs more steward leaders like Ahmed Kathrada To SA from Bermuda: There is no such thing as tax-free havens SA coal mines leave legacy of ruin Govt in huge push to boost innovative ideas from citizens SA edges closer to 'Hunger Games' scenario - academic Company Snapshot We're talking about... #JunkStatus So, the worst has finally happened. S&P and Fitch officially downgraded SA to junk status following the ill-timed Cabinet reshuffle.   Related links: No silver bullet to stop another downgrade, says Gigaba Is there life after junk status? INFOGRAPHIC: How the rand lost its way Get the latest with Fin24 Tech IBM says CEO pay is $33m, others say it's far higher 2017-04-24 16:04 When IBM shareholders gather on Tuesday, they’ll be asked to sign off on a $33 million pay package for Chief Executive Officer Ginni Rometty. Samsung to update software over 'red screen' smartphone WATCH: 'Around the world' - the Hlaudi rap remix Musk paid at least $593m in income taxes in 2016 More Tech Home| Multimedia| News Follow Fin24 Money Clinic Leaving job due to illness How to submit an enquiry for unclaimed retirement funds INFOGRAPHIC: How to get a pay rise Strangled by your medical scheme contribution? Credit ombud rakes in millions for consumers Do you have a question about your finances? We'll get an expert opinion. Click here... Voting Booth Do you have a budget set aside for Easter holiday spending? Yes No I don’t celebrate Easter Yes 10% 58 votes 10 No 64% 354 votes 64 I don’t celebrate Easter 26% 145 votes 26 Previous results · Suggest a vote Services Money Clinic Get your financial questions answered. RSS Feeds News delivered really simply. Calculators Easy-to-use personal finance tools. Newsletters You choose what you want. Contact us Lost? Confused? Problems? Let us help you. Data supplied by: RSS feeds  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Advertise on Fin24  |  About us  |  Contact us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 25 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Dow Jones Industrial Average Pops 216 Points Ahead of Trump Tax Plan Shutterstock photo The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA)  jumped 200 points out of the gate, and spent the whole session trading higher. Stocks reacted to the first-round results of the French presidential election , as well as anticipation that President Donald Trump will unveil his tax plan on Wednesday. Trump’s chief economic advisor, Gary Cohn, and Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin are expected to meet with Republican leaders tomorrow on Capitol Hill. Bank stocks were the big winners — and helped boost the S&P 500 Index ( SPX ) — while strong days for Amazon and Hasbro  stocks sent the Nasdaq Composite (COMP) into uncharted territory. Against this risk-on backdrop, the CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) plunged 25%. Continue reading for more on today’s market, including: 5 signs today’s stock surge was a relief rally . Analyst: Buy this  FANG stock ahead of earnings. 2 must-see stock charts this week. Plus, a spiraling drug stock; a closer look at surging chipmakers; and the Dow stock hitting new highs. The  Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA – 20,763.89) added 216.1 points, or 1%. JPMorgan Chase led 25 Dow stocks higher with its 3.5% pop, while Nike paced the four decliners with its 0.7% loss. General Electric was unchanged. The  S&P 500 Index (SPX – 2,374.15)  closed up 25.5 points, or 1.1%, clearing recent resistance at 2,350 . The Nasdaq Composite (COMP – 5,983.82) hit an intraday high of 5,989.92, before settling with a 73.3-point, or 1.2%, gain — its loftiest close on record. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX – 10.84) plunged 3.8 points, or 25.9%, to mark its lowest close since Feb. 14. 5 Items on Our Radar Today: The White House has called for a rare full-Senate briefing on Wednesday to discuss North Korea , and what Trump is calling a „real threat to the world.” The briefing will reportedly include Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis, Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, and Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman General Joseph Dunford, with all 100 senators invited to attend.  (MarketWatch) The Supreme Court declined to hear a case from General Motors to block ignition-switch suits due to a clause in its 2009 bankruptcy. In 2016, a 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that GM was not protected from the claims because many of the plaintiffs were not notified of the faulty ignition switches and/or the company’s bankruptcy.  (Reuters) A „buy the rumor, sell the news” scenario sent this drug stock down nearly 15%. Founder and CEO Bernie Schaeffer took a closer look at the surging semiconductor sector Shares of this Dow component hit a fresh record high ahead earnings — and more gains could be on the way. Data courtesy of  Trade-Alert Commodities The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 5 Best Performing Vanguard Mutual Funds of Q1 Next PostNext Bullish Two Hundred Day Moving Average Cross – CFFN Search Recent Posts Global IC Socket Market by Products, Size, Share, Cost, Revenue, Applications and Forecast 2017-2022 Marcus Hiles – Links Fort Worth’s Sustainability Initiatives to Responsible Social Development Vision Brad Nierenberg – On His Game Changing Conception of Customer Engagement Bill Lerner – Outlines iPark’s Unique Position as NYC’s Largest Private Parking Firm Global High-End Inertial Systems Market Drivers, Strategies and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated -- GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Nasdaq hits record close as French vote boosts stocks (VIDEO) Tuesday April 25, 2017 09:00 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Reasons why so many global players are chasing our Proton Annuar Musa called in for MARA investigation The Edit: Google launches second-gen Jump camera for filming VR The Edit: These very hungry caterpillars can eat your plastic trash Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article The Nasdaq gained 1.2 per cent to finish the day at 5,983.82, up about 67 points from a record set last week. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 25 — The Nasdaq surged to a record close yesterday as US stocks joined a global rally following the strong performance by centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron in the first round of voting Sunday. The Nasdaq gained 1.2 per cent to finish the day at 5,983.82, up about 67 points from a record set last week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.1 per cent to end the session at 20,763.89, and the broad-based S&amp;P 500 also advanced 1.1 per cent to close at 2,374.15. Global markets enjoyed a strong day after Macron advanced to the second round in the French vote May 7, with polls showing him decisively leading anti-EU, anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen, leader of the National Front party. “Markets are taking the news out of France very positively with the outcome of the first round of the election easing some of the concerns that had been in the market,” said David Levy, portfolio manager of Republic Wealth Advisors. As in Europe, banking shares led the US market, with Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase all winning about three per cent or more. Technology shares also did well, with Google parent Alphabet, Facebook and Expedia all advancing more than one per cent. Health care supplier CR Bard jumped 19.5 per cent after reaching an agreement to be acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company for US$24 billion (RM105.58 billion). Becton Dickinson lost 4.5 per cent.  US paints and coatings group PPG rose 1.8 per cent after it again lifted its bid for AkzoNobel to at about 24.6 billion euros. The Dutch paintmaker has rejected to earlier bids. Toy company Hasbro gained 5.9 per cent as it reported a 40.6 per cent jump in first quarter net income to US$68.6 million. Revenues rose 2.0 per cent to US$849.7 million. — AFP                 MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Why are global players chasing Proton? Singapore's no-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats French election spurs equity market, euro rally (VIDEO) Ringgit opens at 4.3890/3920 against US greenback Bursa opens high in tandem with upbeat Wall St performance Saudis, oil majors discuss gas investments ahead of giant IPO Petronas Dagangan registers record profit in 34 years Petronas denies selling stake in US$1b Miri offshore project MAS to complete restructuring in five years’ time, to continue route expansion 1MDB, IPIC settle debt dispute Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Serena Williams calls Nastase’s comments racist Reuters Video: Obama back in the spotlight, vows to help future leaders Reuters Video: Venezuela’s death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Jimmy Kimmel roasts United Airlines Related Articles Asian currencies rise, ringgit catching up (VIDEO) Bursa shares on firm note at mid-morning Singapore’s no-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats Bursa opens high in tandem with upbeat Wall St performance Short-term rates expected to remain stable Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The retail apocalypse is accelerating Wolf Richter, Wolf Street Apr. 24, 2017, 5:18 PM 6,455 facebook linkedin twitter email print Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Mall traffic is sagging. Department store sales have been in decline since 2001. Most retailers are loaded up with debt. Many have been losing money. Now they’re running out of options. Store closings numbered in the thousands last year. This year they promise to get much worse. “Zombie malls” have become reality, their vast parking lots rented to car dealers to store their excess vehicle inventory. But ecommerce sales are booming, including online sales by some brick-and-mortar retailers, such as Walmart and Macy’s: Wolf Street Over-indebted retailers are notoriously difficult to restructure and many end up being liquidated. Unsecured creditors, such as suppliers and junior bond holders, are often left out in the cold. Even secured creditors can end up holding the bag. April so far is  huge for brick-and-mortar meltdown : April 21 – Bebe Stores, a fashion retailer, announced, after four years of losses, that it would close all its 180 stores by the end of May and liquidate all merchandise and fixtures in the stores. It might also file for bankruptcy to get out of the store leases. It will only sell online. Barely a month earlier, Bebe said it had hired a financial adviser to look at “strategic alternatives” and a real estate adviser “to assist with options related to its lease holdings,” at which point its shares plunged. April 19 – Neiman Marcus, the luxury retailer with 42 stores around the country and two Bergdorf Goodman stores in Manhattan, announced that, in order to preserve cash, it would not pay interest on a bond issue in cash, but “in kind.” The payment-in-kind (PIK) option had been written into the bond covenant. At the time, creditors didn’t care. Now they’ll get the coupon on these $600 million in 8.75% notes for the next six months in form of more bonds of uncertain value. The already beaten-down notes traded at 56.7 cents on the dollar. On March 3, sources told Reuters that Neiman Marcus has hired investment bank Lazard Ltd to help restructuring its nearly $5 billion in debt though it was, these sources insisted, in no immediate risk of bankruptcy. The company was acquired by private equity firms in a leveraged buyout before the Financial Crisis and is now owned by Ares Management and the Canada Pension Plan Investment Board. They were going to dump it into the public’s lap, but the IPO was scrapped when the problems could no longer be hidden. April 17 – Marsh Supermarkets was preparing to file for Bankruptcy, sources told the Wall Street Journal. Three weeks earlier, it stopped paying rent on six Indianapolis stores. Here too, there’s a private equity angle. Sun Capital Partners acquired Marsh in 2006 for $88 million in cash and the assumption of $237 million in debt. At the time it had 120 stores. Ten years of asset stripping later, the chain is down to 67 stores and going bankrupt. April 11 – Arhaus, a furniture retailer that designs its own furniture and contracts out manufacturing, with 67 stores in 25 states, has appointed a “chief restructuring officer, two sources close to the situation said,” according to Debtwire. “This complements the co-advisory roles of Piper Jaffray and Candlewood Partners to explore a refinancing.” In early March, Arhaus announced that CEO Adrian Mitchell, after just 13 months on the job, would be replaced by co-founder and Chairman John Reed. In 2014, private equity firm Freeman Spogli made a minority investment. April 4 – Rue21, a teen apparel chain with over 1,000 stores, missed principal and interest payments on its debt and is preparing to file for bankruptcy as soon as this month, said “people familiar with the matter,” according toDebtwire. Once again, there is a private equity angle: the company was acquired by PE firm Apax in 2013 for about $1 billion. Back in September 2013, problemswere already piling up when JPMorgan, Bank of America, and Goldman Sachs had trouble selling the junk debt they pledged to sell to fund the buyout. April 4 – Payless Inc., the discount shoe retailer with almost 22,000 employees and over 4,000 stores in 30 countries, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. It plans to slash its debt in half. It said its restructuring plan has the support of creditors holding two-thirds of its first-lien and second-lien term debt. It said it would immediately shutter about 400 stores in the US and Puerto Rico. CEO W. Paul Jones blamed “the continued challenges of the retail environment, which will only intensify.” Here too, a PE angle: Payless was acquired by PE firms Golden Gate Capital and Blum Capital Partners in 2012 when publicly traded Collective Brands was broken up. And this is the March meltdown: A Sears store is seen on February 28, 2014 in Coral Gables, Florida. Joe Raedle/Getty Images On March 20, Sears, the big whale that everyone is waiting for to wash up on the beach, came closer to washing up on the beach by acknowledging that it will likely wash up on the beach, when it said in its annual report that it had “substantial doubt” about its ability to keep operating as a “going concern.” It lost over $10 billion in recent years. When will Sears finally file for bankruptcy? Not before the second half of 2017. That was our verdict in December, and we’re sticking to it. If it files before July 8, 2017, it might run afoul of the bankruptcy code’s two-year look-back period governing “fraudulent conveyance,” concerning what happened to Sears’ real estate. On March 11, Gordmans Stores, with over 100 locations in 22 states, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy with plans to liquidate its inventory and assets. By the end of March, Stage Stores jumped in and offered to buy at least 50 of the stores. Gordman’s is another PE firm asset-stripping special. It was acquired by PE firm Sun Capital in 2008 at the end of the leveraged buyout boom for an undisclosed price. In 2010, Sun Capital sold 30% of this shares in an IPO. Gordman’s got nothing. In 2012, Sun Capital sold more shares, slashing its ownership to 50%. In 2013, Sun Capital forced Gordman’s to issue a $70 million special dividend, of which Sun Capital got half. Of that dividend, $25 million came from cash holdings; $45 million was borrowed money. In total, Sun Capital obtained $140 million, likely exceeding the purchase price by good margin. And the party may not be over yet. On March 10, Gander Mountain, after a failed expansion drive, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. It will shutter 32 of its 160 stores. It had been taken private in 2010 by Gratco, a holding company controlled by Gander Chairman and CEO David Pratt, and Holiday Station stores, a gas-station retail operation. On March 8, RadioShack, owned since 2015 by General Wireless, filed for bankruptcy for the second time. It will close about 200 stores and evaluate options on the remaining 1,300. On March 6, hhgregg, an appliance and electronics retailer, filed for bankruptcy, after announcing a few days earlier that it would close 88 of its 220 stores, shutter three distribution centers, and shed 1,500 jobs. On March 1: BCBG Max Azria filed for bankruptcy. The fashion retailer that once had more than 570 boutiques globally, including 175 in the US, started closing 120 of its stores in January. The January and February meltdown: Michigan Sporting Goods Distributors said it will liquidate its 68 stores and lay off its 1,300 workers. Eastern Outfitters, the parent of Bob’s Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports, owned by PE firm Versa Capital, filed for bankruptcy. Wet Seal filed for the second time in recent years. The teen retailer closed all its stores. Limited stores, another victory for PE firm Sun Capital, shuttered all its 250 stores. American Apparel, a manufacturer with 110 retail stores, which had filed for bankruptcy for the second time last November, said that it had started to lay off 2,400 workers and that everything would be shut down. Only the brand name was acquired by a Canadian firm. This thermometer for discretionary spending is the first to react when consumers hit their limits. Read…  Restaurants in Worst Tailspin since 2009/2010 Read the original article on Wolf Street. Copyright 2017. Follow Wolf Street on Twitter. More from Wolf Street: 4 Short Sellers Explain Why They Target Tesla – But Don’t Try this at Home I’m in Awe of How Fast Brick-and-Mortar Retail is Melting Down The French “Political Class” Gets Crushed – on the Surface Just How Safe is Spain’s Banking System? What’s Wrong with the American Craft-Beer Boom? SEE ALSO: Here are 3 red flags for spotting fake news about stocks NOW WATCH: The disturbing reason some people turn red when they drink alcohol Loading video... More: Wolf Street Retail Apocalypse facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The retail apocalypse is accelerating The retail apocalypse is accelerating Mall traffic is sagging. Department store sales... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Tesla bull makes his case: 'We think it's real .... it's a good car. That's not a fluke' More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Harwood Advisory Group LLC Acquires Shares of 4,986 Carnival Corp (CCL) Harwood Advisory Group LLC Purchases Shares of 35,148 Lennar Co. (LEN) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Position Held by Harwood Advisory Group LLC American Capital Management Inc. Has $20.449 Million Position in MEDNAX Inc (MD) ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Shares Bought by American Capital Management Inc. City Holding Company (CHCO) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.13 CBIZ (CBZ) Given Media Impact Score of 0.08 Burlington Stores (BURL) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.16 AdvisorShares Trust (HOLD) Increases Dividend to $0.10 Per Share NGL Energy Partners LP (NGL) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Weibo Corp (WB) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Invests $1.68 Million in Teradyne, Inc. (TER) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Cuts Stake in Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Has $647,000 Position in Annaly Capital Management, Inc. (NLY) UMB Bank N A MO Purchases 164 Shares of Great Plains Energy Incorporated (GXP) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Lowers Stake in Textron Inc. (TXT) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 1,975 Shares of Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. Buys 850 Shares of Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) IFC Holdings Incorporated FL Sells 1,538 Shares of American Financial Group Inc (AFG) Sucampo Pharmaceuticals (SCMP) Earns Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.21 American Capital Management Inc. Has $20.449 Million Position in MEDNAX Inc (MD) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) by 1.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 294,735 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 2,790 shares during the period. MEDNAX comprises approximately 1.4% of American Capital Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. American Capital Management Inc. owned approximately 0.32% of MEDNAX worth $20,449,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in MD. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in MEDNAX by 0.8% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 197,062 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,055,000 after buying an additional 1,600 shares during the period. Redmond Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of MEDNAX during the fourth quarter worth $1,876,000. American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 1.1% in the third quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 181,498 shares of the company’s stock worth $12,024,000 after buying an additional 1,887 shares during the period. State of Tennessee Treasury Department boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 250.0% in the third quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department now owns 70,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,638,000 after buying an additional 50,000 shares during the period. Finally, Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC boosted its stake in shares of MEDNAX by 72.7% in the fourth quarter. Thompson Siegel & Walmsley LLC now owns 1,025,806 shares of the company’s stock worth $68,379,000 after buying an additional 431,881 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 99.16% of the company’s stock. Shares of MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD) traded up 0.56% on Monday, hitting $61.02. 1,486,283 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $68.68 and its 200 day moving average price is $67.23. MEDNAX Inc has a 1-year low of $59.36 and a 1-year high of $76.96. The company has a market cap of $5.66 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.48 and a beta of 0.67. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.06 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $831 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $842.15 million. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $1.13 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that MEDNAX Inc will post $4.17 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/american-capital-management-inc-has-20-449-million-position-in-mednax-inc-md.html. MD has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of MEDNAX from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a $69.00 price objective on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Friday, March 10th. Robert W. Baird cut shares of MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating and issued a $63.00 price objective on shares of MEDNAX in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $69.00. In other MEDNAX news, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total transaction of $1,061,631.64. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 59,097 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,137,380.97. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, insider John C. Pepia sold 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.58, for a total value of $173,950.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 31,025 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,158,719.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 86,296 shares of company stock valued at $5,959,391 over the last three months. Company insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MD? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MEDNAX Inc (NYSE:MD). Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 25, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Paris Museum Sets Expansive Show for Dior’s 70th Anniversary Lost & Found by J Friedman Targets Beach-Loving Shoppers Donald Robertson Talks Express Art, Funboy Pool Floats, Buying Billie Lourd’s House Aly Raisman and Life Is Good Team Up on T-Shirts Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business 32/7 Serves Up a Media Marketplace for Working Moms Retail Realities Require Rebranding Approach Mr Porter Sets Second 'Kingsman' Screen-to-Screen Collaboration LVMH Offers to Buy Christian Dior Couture for 6.5 Bln Euros Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Julep Taps Consumers as Brand Ambassadors Capturing the Spirit of Brazil in a Jar Bluemercury Cofounder on Becoming the Neighborhood Drugstore Marc Puig Makes Bets Amid 'Tectonic' Shifts Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Equinox to Open 11 Rhone Pop-Up Shops on Monday ABG Still Hopeful Varvatos Deal Can Be Struck Nautica Licenses Marcraft for Tailored Clothing Nick Graham Dressing Bill Nye for Netflix Series Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Temperley Bridal Spring 2018 Isabelle Armstrong Bridal Spring 2018 Austin Scarlett Bridal Spring 2018 Morilee by Madeline Gardner Bridal Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Tiffany & Co. Sees Departures From Upper Ranks Badgley Mischka Launches Fashion Jewelry Line Timberland Licenses Global Brands for Socks, Accessories Kendra Scott on Her Fast-Growing Accessories Empire Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye How ‘Cats’ Made Christy Altomare Love ‘Anastasia’ The Untitled Space Art Gallery Launches Latest Exhibit ‘She Inspires’ Jeremy Scott Seeks Buyer for One of His L.A. Homes Elisabeth Moss and Stylist Karla Welch on Creating a Feminist Red-Carpet Story for 'The Handmaid's Tale' Parties People Lifestyle … Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business JAB Quits Luxury to Focus on Coffee, Coty, Consumer Goods clock 10h • Samantha Conti Fashion Paris Museum Plans Expansive Show for Dior’s 70th Anniversary clock 12h • Joelle Diderich Business Gap CEO Urged to Exit ‘Hyper-Partisan’ Business Lobby clock 12h • Kali Hays Business Media Gretchen Carlson Reflects on Being ‘the Face of Sexual Harassment’ at Matrix Awards “Gretchen Carlson is the bravest woman I know, and I know a lot of brave women,” producer Paul Feig said. By Kara Bloomgarden-Smoke on April 24, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Gretchen Carlson at the 2017 Matrix Award luncheon. New York Women in Communications The annual Matrix Award ceremony, which celebrates women in the communications industry, almost entirely avoided any mention of politics — a rare feat these days. The only explicit mention of the current administration during the lunchtime awards ceremony, which is administered by the organization New York Women in Communications and was held at the Time Square Sheraton, was a jab at the vice president. “We’re friends, we’re colleagues, we’re competitors, we’re rivals. But I’m sure there is one thing we can all agree on: this lunch is Mike Pence’s nightmare,” said Hearst chief content officer Joanna Coles, who received a Matrix Award in 2013, and spoke on behalf of Hearst, the event’s corporate host. But there was plenty of mention of current events. Gretchen Carlson, who was one of the year’s honorees, was celebrated for taking a stand against her former employer Fox News when she went public with a sexual harassment lawsuit against Roger Ailes last summer, which ultimately led to the network chairman’s ouster. Over the past few weeks, Fox News has again been in the spotlight for its workplace culture after a New York Times report on allegations against Bill O’Reilly led to the host’s dramatic departure from the network. “Gretchen Carlson is the bravest woman I know, and I know a lot of brave women,” producer Paul Feig said during his introductory remarks. “She created an avalanche we are still feeling the fallout from today — thank God.” After leaving Fox News, Carlson has become an advocate for women in the workplace. “I never expected to be the face of sexual harassment. But now, it’s one of my missions,” she said.  “As a kid, my grandfather nicknamed me Sparkles. But it turns out, as an adult, I’ve really become quite a badass.” Carlson teared up as she thanked her daughter for being so brave when, on her first day of school, the current events teacher called her up to the front of the classroom to explain “what happened to your mommy over the summer.” “If you are feeling subjugated or put down in any realm of your life, I’m here today to inspire you to speak up. Because as women, we will not be underestimated, intimidated or set back by misogynists who stereotype and demean us,” she said. “We will not be silenced by the ways of the establishment or the relics of the past.” Speaking of badasses, Rukmini Callimachi, a foreign correspondent for The New York Times who covers terrorism and the Islamic State, was another of the recipients. Huffington Post editor in chief Lydia Polgreen, who hired Callimachi during her tenure at the Times, recalled Callimachi’s poetic writing, tenacity and bravery while covering Jihadists in Mali. Other honorees were Nancy Weber, executive vice president of branding and marketing partnerships at Meredith Corp., real life Olivia Pope inspiration Judy Smith, FCB chief creative officer Susan Credle and Kristin Lemkau, the chief marketing officer at J.P. Morgan Chase. While introducing  Savannah Guthrie, Matt Lauer teased his “Today” show cohost about being clumsy and having bad taste in music — before praising her as the most qualified host in the show’s history. “She’s a cool chick,” Lauer said. “I know that expression might get me banned from future Matrix Awards, but it’s true.” During her speech, Guthrie likewise wondered how her statements would be received. “When I think about how I got here,” she said, “I return to the same thing over and over again. I’ve been lucky, and I’ve been blessed. Maybe it isn’t fashionable or even acceptable in a room like this to put it in those terms, but that’s the bottom line: lucky and blessed.” You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. Awards Hearst New York Times Print Media Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Business BCBG Wins Out in Contract Dispute With Lubov Azria clock 9h • Kali Hays Latest Galleries Elisabeth Moss and Stylist Karla Welch Prepare for ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Galia Lahav Bridal Spring 2018 They Are Wearing: Kingpins Amsterdam FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd Denim for days at the Kingpins Tradeshow in Amsterdam. #theyarewearing (📷: @teampeterstigter) @wwd Classic leather is getting a colorful touch for fall 2017. #wwdfashion (📷: @hannahkhymych; Styled by @elmercer) @wwd Fishnet tights trend spotted at Shanghai Fashion Week. #theyarewearing (📷: @davetacon) @wwd Dany Mizrachi’s new collection includes pieces that could be worn interchangeably, giving the bride an option to have two looks on her wedding day. #wwdfashion @wwd Aja Naomi King and Janelle Monae caught up at Marie Claire’s ‘Fresh Faces’ party in L.A. this weekend. @wwd Adriana Lima at IWC Schaffausen's 5th annual For the Love of Cinema dinner. #wwdeye (📷: @lightboxer) #wwdeye @wwd Looks like the Nineties are making a comeback. #wwdfashion 📷: @timothy_smith_) More From Our Brands Footwear News Why Red Is Fashion’s Hottest Hue Right Now 6h Ago Fairchild Live 2017 WWD Beauty Summit 3 months Ago Variety Apple Music Delays Launch of ‘Carpool Karaoke’ Series 2h Ago BGR Hobbits were real, and they lived in Indonesia 56m Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Nasdaq hits record close as French vote boosts stocks The Nasdaq logo is displayed at the Nasdaq Market site in New York.PHOTO: REUTERS Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4BzN Copy NEW YORK (AFP) - The Nasdaq surged to a record close Monday (April 24) as US stocks joined a global rally following the strong performance by centrist French presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron in the first round of voting Sunday. The Nasdaq gained 1.2 per cent to finish the day at 5,983.82, up about 67 points from a record set last week. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 1.1 per cent to end the session at 20,763.89, and the broad-based S&P 500 also advanced 1.1 per cent to close at 2,374.15. Global markets enjoyed a strong day after Macron advanced to the second round in the French vote May 7, with polls showing him decisively leading anti-EU, anti-immigration candidate Marine Le Pen, leader of the National Front party. "Markets are taking the news out of France very positively with the outcome of the first round of the election easing some of the concerns that had been in the market," said David Levy, portfolio manager of Republic Wealth Advisers.   Hollande calls on French to back Macron, prevent Le Pen 'risk' Related Story French President Francois Hollande urges voters to reject Le Pen, who steps aside as NF leader As in Europe, banking shares led the US market, with Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase all winning about three per cent or more. Technology shares also did well, with Google parent Alphabet, Facebook and Expedia all advancing more than one percent. Health care supplier CR Bard jumped 19.5 per cent after reaching an agreement to be acquired by Becton Dickinson and Company for US$24 billion ($33.44 billion). Becton Dickinson lost 4.5 percent. US paints and coatings group PPG rose 1.8 per cent after it again lifted its bid for AkzoNobel to at about 24.6 billion euros. The Dutch paintmaker has rejected to earlier bids. Toy company Hasbro gained 5.9 percent as it reported a 40.6 per cent jump in first quarter net income to US$68.6 million. Revenues rose 2.0 per cent to US$849.7 million. Topics:  NASDAQ FRANCE ELECTIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4BzN Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content 300x200.jpg Lower iron levels can affect productivity at work g2000_a125767_2017apr24_300x200_stadv3.jpg Almost edible deodorant? Katfood advocates the power of natural skincare Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics SBUX QCOM Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More T-Mobile reports Q1 beat, takes a bite into Verizon, AT&T >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Clears Key Hurdle on French Election Regardless of the soundness of the reason, BofA shares just got the green light to more gains Apr 24, 2017, 1:29 pm EDT  |  By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer Get BAC alerts: Submit Source: Shutterstock     View All   Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) has mustered a 3.5% gain so far on Monday, and with just a quick look at the headlines, it’d be easy to doubt there will be any follow-through buying. While a fortuitous outcome in France’s presidential election bodes relatively well for BAC stock — in that BofA has a respectable amount of exposure to the European market — at the end of the day, the party in power in Paris doesn’t inherently bolster the bottom line. Source: Shutterstock On the other hand, sometimes a stock just needs the right nudge to reach the price it deserves to be trading it. Thanks to Monday’s bump, BAC stock has cleared a key technical hurdle that clears the decks for more gains. The News Investors Cared About As a refresher, Bank of America posted blowout first-quarter numbers. The company earned 41 cents per share on $22.2 billion in revenue, versus expectations for a profit of only 35 cents per share of BAC stock and sales of $21.6 billion. Even more impressive was the bottom line’s year-over-year growth of 46%, and top-line growth of 12.5%. The numbers were a strong affirmation that BofA is very much on the right track, having shrugged off the worst of bad loans to the energy sector. The subprime debacle (and fallout) is now only a fading memory. And yet, considering BAC stock had fallen 13% from its March high heading into earnings — suggesting traders weren’t terribly optimistic — the post-earnings response from BofA shares felt lacking. The effort stalled just as soon as resistance was met at the stock’s 20-day moving average, limiting the post-announcement gain to less than 4%. The phenomenon wasn’t limited to Bank of America shares though. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) crushed its earnings estimates as well, and the stock did nothing. Ditto for Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C). For whatever reason, though, investors interpreted news from France’s political scene as a big reason to buy U.S.-based banks, even as their solid earnings reports weren’t a bullish prod. Broadly speaking, investors have been simply more concerned that the non-establishment candidate would mark the beginning of the end of the European Union now that the United Kingdom is out. Such a disruption poses a threat to all the big banks’ business overseas. Now that threat has been at least partially abated. BAC Stock Shoots Above Resistance While the response to the news from Bank of America is fundamentally a bullish one, the dramatic change for the better is a technical one: BofA’s chart just cleared a key hurdle. That is, the 20-day moving average line (blue) that had been holding the stock back was cleared thanks to today’s strength. It wasn’t just a move above a key line in the sand, however, that makes this thrust such a high-potential one. There’s also the bullish foundation it’s built on. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/04/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-clears-key-hurdle-on-french-election/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 3 South Korean Stocks Feeling the Heat 7 Really Weird ETFs You May Want to Buy TWTR Has a Savior 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains Apple Wants to Make Recycled iPhones ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Blue-Chip Stocks Every Investor Should Own 7 Really Weird ETFs to Buy Now 3 South Korean Stocks That Are Feeling the Heat 3 Home Improvement Stocks to Buy for Unstoppable Gains 3 Downtrodden Stocks That You Need to Short Now Most Popular 5 Tech Stocks to Buy for Growth AND Dividends The 10 Best Stocks to Buy for the Next Decade 7 Short Squeeze Stocks That Will Be Shot Into Orbit 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year 7 Healthcare Stocks With A-Rated Prospects How to Trade Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Stock Around Q1 Earnings Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Roper Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News NBW Capital LLC Increases Stake in The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) NBW Capital LLC Decreases Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) Dudley & Shanley LLC Has $22.97 Million Position in Interpublic Group of Companies Inc (IPG) Phillips 66 Partners LP (PSXP) Position Lowered by NBW Capital LLC D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) is Dudley & Shanley LLC’s 3rd Largest Position Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Decreases Position in Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Oslo Asset Management AS Has $159,000 Stake in Cobalt International Energy, Inc. (CIE) Brokerages Expect CEVA, Inc. (CEVA) Will Post Earnings of $0.19 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Century Aluminum Co (CENX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.15 Per Share NBW Capital LLC Cuts Stake in Tallgrass Energy GP LP (TEGP) Gilman Hill Asset Management LLC Sells 29,461 Shares of National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate Central European Media Enterprises Ltd. (CETV) to Post $0.04 Earnings Per Share Lendingtree Inc (TREE) CEO Douglas R. Lebda Sells 4,000 Shares Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) Insider Bernard H. Clineburg Sells 20,004 Shares of Stock Crispr Therapeutics AG (CRSP) CEO Rodger Novak Sells 50,000 Shares M Winkworth PLC (WINK) Insider Andrew Nicol Purchases 10,000 Shares Red Hat Inc (RHT) EVP Michael Cunningham Sells 8,000 Shares Scholastic Corp (SCHL) EVP Judith Newman Sells 13,166 Shares Rotala Plc (ROL) Insider Simon Lee Dunn Purchases 13,521 Shares Sippican Capital Advisors Sells 1,892 Shares of Banner Co. (BANR) NBW Capital LLC Decreases Position in Roper Technologies Inc (ROP) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet NBW Capital LLC lowered its stake in shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) by 0.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 33,038 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 24 shares during the period. Roper Technologies comprises 1.9% of NBW Capital LLC’s portfolio, making the stock its 28th largest position. NBW Capital LLC’s holdings in Roper Technologies were worth $6,822,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in ROP. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Roper Technologies during the fourth quarter worth $221,070,000. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 7.3% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 14,218,855 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $2,594,514,000 after buying an additional 961,508 shares in the last quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 34.0% in the fourth quarter. Brown Advisory Inc. now owns 2,292,521 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $419,715,000 after buying an additional 581,048 shares in the last quarter. Capital World Investors increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 43.2% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 1,010,000 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $184,295,000 after buying an additional 304,500 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Federated Investors Inc. PA increased its stake in Roper Technologies by 10,738.7% in the fourth quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA now owns 299,581 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $54,848,000 after buying an additional 296,817 shares in the last quarter. 97.47% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP) traded up 2.04% on Monday, hitting $214.03. The company had a trading volume of 361,351 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $208.74 and a 200 day moving average price of $191.64. The firm has a market capitalization of $21.80 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.29 and a beta of 0.87. Roper Technologies Inc has a 1-year low of $159.28 and a 1-year high of $214.44. Roper Technologies (NYSE:ROP) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The industrial products company reported $1.86 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.84 by $0.02. Roper Technologies had a return on equity of 11.97% and a net margin of 17.38%. The business earned $1.01 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.82 earnings per share. Roper Technologies’s revenue was up 6.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Roper Technologies Inc will post $9.09 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 21st. Investors of record on Friday, April 7th were issued a dividend of $0.35 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, April 5th. This represents a $1.40 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.67%. Roper Technologies’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 21.77%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/nbw-capital-llc-decreases-position-in-roper-technologies-inc-rop.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and set a $245.00 target price on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Argus raised Roper Technologies from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $235.00 target price for the company in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Roper Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $219.00 target price for the company. in a report on Friday, March 24th. Barclays PLC dropped their target price on Roper Technologies from $223.00 to $221.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $250.00 target price (up previously from $220.00) on shares of Roper Technologies in a report on Monday, April 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $218.10. In related news, Director Christopher Wright sold 2,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $214.26, for a total transaction of $535,650.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 63,904 shares in the company, valued at $13,692,071.04. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Corporate insiders own 2.50% of the company’s stock. Roper Technologies Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Roper Technologies Inc (NYSE:ROP). Receive News & Ratings for Roper Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Roper Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Gilbane Building Company Moves to a New Office in the Heart of Downtown Columbus Gilbane Building Company Moves to a New Office in the Heart of Downtown Columbus Posted on April 24, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Gilbane is growing and expanding its operations with a strategic move to Downtown Columbus Columbus, Ohio (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Gilbane Building Company, the Top Commercial Contractor in Columbus according to Columbus Business First, is pleased to announce the relocation of its office to the heart of downtown Columbus. Gilbane’s highly anticipated move downtown was motivated by continued growth in Central Ohio and the company’s commitment to bettering the Columbus community as a whole. Historically referred to as the Yerke Mortgage building, Gilbane’s new office is located at 145 East Rich Street, which is part of the Capital Crossroads Special Improvement District. This strategic move is not only beneficial to Gilbane’s clients and community partners; it is also a positive change for the Gilbane team. The historic office building at 145 East Rich Street provides Gilbane’s growing employee base with a more central hub for operations and upgraded amenities, all within a short walk of everything downtown Columbus has to offer. “For us, it is about delivering the highest quality projects, getting people home safely to their families every day, building strong relationships with our clients, and fostering community partnerships that last well beyond the life of a project. This move to downtown Columbus signifies our continued commitment as a company to support a strong Columbus economy for future generations to come.” – Brett Meyer, Vice President; Gilbane Building Company Gilbane’s downtown move underscores its commitment to being a top builder in Ohio and giving back to the local community. Working in Columbus for more than 40 years, Gilbane has built projects for a number of high profile clients including Nationwide Children’s Hospital, Ohio Facilities Construction Commission, The Ohio State University, Franklin County, Huntington National Bank, LimitedBrands, Grange Mutual Insurance, Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus Regional Airport Authority, Ohio Public Employees Retirement System, Mane, Inc., JPMorgan Chase, Jones Lang LaSalle, Eldorado Resorts, Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch and State Auto Insurance Companies. Gilbane is also an active participant in the local community through organizations such as ACE Mentor Program of Central Ohio, Pelotonia, United Way of Central Ohio, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Ohio, I Know I Can, Mid-Ohio Foodbank and The Center for Family & Safety Healing. Gilbane’s employees officially moved into their new space on Monday, April 24th and look forward to partnering with local clients and community members for many years to come. About Gilbane Building Company Gilbane provides a full slate of construction and facilities-related services – from pre-construction planning and integrated consulting capabilities to comprehensive construction management, close-out and facility management services – for clients across various markets. Founded in 1873 and still a privately held, family-owned company, Gilbane has more than 50 office locations around the world. For more information, visit http://www.gilbaneco.com. Gilbane has been providing construction management services in Ohio since 1959. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/04/prweb14271552.htm Latest News Clothing Store Owner, Alan Au Provides Tips on Dressing for Success During an Interview Gilbane Building Company Moves to a New Office in the Heart of Downtown Columbus CDA Brings Artistic Techniques to Correct Botched Cosmetic Dental Work Leading Appliance Retailer AJ Madison Debuts Informative Expert Roundup Article Entitled “The Top 75 Green Living Blogs for an Eco-Conscious Lifestyle” INSP Renews Affiliation Agreement with NCTC Austal Delivers Eighth Expeditionary Fast Transport, USNS Yuma, to U.S. Navy Reputable Nurse Educator Daria U. Amato, RN, CNE, MSN, will be Highlighted in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare Noteworthy Registered Nurse Brooke Lee Gray, RN, BSN, will be Featured in the Worldwide Leaders in Healthcare Acclaimed Urologist, Peter T. Vaselopulos, MD, will be Displayed in The Leading Physicians of the World Acclaimed Urologist, Peter T. Vaselopulos, MD, will be Displayed in The Leading Physicians of the World © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Methanex Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Methanex Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Given a $90.00 Price Target at Piper Jaffray Companies Brinker International’s (EAT) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Methanex Co. (MEOH) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank INC Research Holdings’ (INCR) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Daimler AG’s (DDAIF) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Sanford C. Bernstein Hasbro, Inc. (HAS) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Becton Dickinson and (BDX) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.34 Alliance One International (AOI) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.32 Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Foot Locker (FL) Fortune Brands Home & Security’s (FBHS) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Receives Buy Rating from Guggenheim Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) Federated Investors Inc (FII) Position Increased by Northwest Investment Counselors LLC Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stake Cut by Boyd Watterson Asset Management LLC OH Northwest Investment Counselors LLC Raises Stake in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Northwest Investment Counselors LLC Lowers Position in Kellogg Company (K) Martin Midstream Partners L.P. (MMLP) Shares Bought by Adams Asset Advisors LLC $1.67 Earnings Per Share Expected for Natural Resource Partners LP (NRP) This Quarter Columbia Property Trust (CXP) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Territorial Bancorp (TBNK) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Methanex Co. (MEOH) Receives Sector Perform Rating from Scotiabank April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Scotiabank restated their sector perform rating on shares of Methanex Co. (NASDAQ:MEOH) (TSE:MX) in a report issued on Friday morning. The firm currently has a $71.00 target price on the specialty chemicals company’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also weighed in on the company. Royal Bank of Canada restated a sector perform rating and issued a $57.00 price target (up previously from $42.00) on shares of Methanex in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Cowen and Company restated an outperform rating and issued a $60.00 price target on shares of Methanex in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. TD Securities lifted their price target on Methanex from $50.00 to $71.00 and gave the company a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Raymond James Financial, Inc. lifted their price target on Methanex from $48.00 to $53.00 and gave the company a market perform rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Finally, CIBC upgraded Methanex from a sector perform rating to a sector outperform rating and lifted their price target for the company from $45.00 to $56.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $61.91. Shares of Methanex (NASDAQ:MEOH) traded up 2.91% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $45.95. The stock had a trading volume of 546,986 shares. The firm’s market cap is $4.13 billion. Methanex has a 52-week low of $26.83 and a 52-week high of $53.35. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $46.66 and its 200 day moving average price is $44.28. Methanex (NASDAQ:MEOH) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.46 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.26. Methanex had a negative return on equity of 1.82% and a negative net margin of 0.63%. The firm earned $585 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $544.94 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.16 EPS. Methanex’s revenue for the quarter was up 20.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Methanex will post $5.04 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/methanex-co-meoh-receives-sector-perform-rating-from-scotiabank-2.html. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, March 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 17th were paid a dividend of $0.275 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 15th. This represents a $1.10 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.46%. Methanex’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently -846.15%. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Sprott Inc. purchased a new stake in Methanex during the third quarter valued at approximately $357,000. Ingalls & Snyder LLC raised its stake in Methanex by 9.4% in the third quarter. Ingalls & Snyder LLC now owns 222,084 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $7,924,000 after buying an additional 19,144 shares during the period. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. raised its stake in Methanex by 7.4% in the third quarter. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 17,271 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $616,000 after buying an additional 1,185 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Methanex by 133.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 212,078 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $7,567,000 after buying an additional 121,250 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its stake in Methanex by 25.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 343,810 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $12,268,000 after buying an additional 69,800 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 86.42% of the company’s stock. About Methanex Methanex Corp is a Canada-based producer and supplier of methanol to a range of international markets. The Company operates production sites in Canada, Chile, Egypt, New Zealand, the United States, as well as Trinidad and Tobago. Its global operations are supported by a global supply chain of terminals, storage facilities and a fleet of methanol ocean tankers. Receive News & Ratings for Methanex Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Methanex Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 24 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Gilbane Building Company Moves to a New Office in the Heart of Downtown Columbus Gilbane Moves to Downtown Columbus This move to downtown Columbus signifies our continued commitment as a company to support a strong Columbus economy for future generations to come. – Brett Meyer, Vice President; Gilbane Building Company Columbus, Ohio (PRWEB) April 24, 2017 Gilbane Building Company, the Top Commercial Contractor in Columbus according to Columbus Business First, is pleased to announce the relocation of its office to the heart of downtown Columbus. Gilbane’s highly anticipated move downtown was motivated by continued growth in Central Ohio and the company’s commitment to bettering the Columbus community as a whole. Historically referred to as the Yerke Mortgage building, Gilbane’s new office is located at 145 East Rich Street, which is part of the Capital Crossroads Special Improvement District. This strategic move is not only beneficial to Gilbane’s clients and community partners; it is also a positive change for the Gilbane team. The historic office building at 145 East Rich Street provides Gilbane’s growing employee base with a more central hub for operations and upgraded amenities, all within a short walk of everything downtown Columbus has to offer. “For us, it is about delivering the highest quality projects, getting people home safely to their families every day, building strong relationships with our clients, and fostering community partnerships that last well beyond the life of a project. This move to downtown Columbus signifies our continued commitment as a company to support a strong Columbus economy for future generations to come.” – Brett Meyer, Vice President; Gilbane Building Company Gilbane’s downtown move underscores its commitment to being a top builder in Ohio and giving back to the local community. Working in Columbus for more than 40 years, Gilbane has built projects for a number of high profile clients including Nationwide Children’s Hospital, Ohio Facilities Construction Commission, The Ohio State University, Franklin County, Huntington National Bank, LimitedBrands, Grange Mutual Insurance, Battelle Memorial Institute, Columbus Regional Airport Authority, Ohio Public Employees Retirement System, Mane, Inc., JPMorgan Chase, Jones Lang LaSalle, Eldorado Resorts, Inc., Abercrombie & Fitch and State Auto Insurance Companies. Gilbane is also an active participant in the local community through organizations such as ACE Mentor Program of Central Ohio, Pelotonia, United Way of Central Ohio, Ronald McDonald House Charities of Central Ohio, I Know I Can, Mid-Ohio Foodbank and The Center for Family & Safety Healing. Gilbane’s employees officially moved into their new space on Monday, April 24th and look forward to partnering with local clients and community members for many years to come. About Gilbane Building Company Gilbane provides a full slate of construction and facilities-related services – from pre-construction planning and integrated consulting capabilities to comprehensive construction management, close-out and facility management services – for clients across various markets. Founded in 1873 and still a privately held, family-owned company, Gilbane has more than 50 office locations around the world. For more information, visit http://www.gilbaneco.com. Gilbane has been providing construction management services in Ohio since 1959. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (NYSE:USPH) Investor Lawsuit alleges Violations of Securities Laws Next PostNext Smart and Connected Offices Market – Advanced technologies & growth opportunities in global Industry by 2020 Search Recent Posts Local Veterans Host Private Screening of New Streaming TV Network DreamWorks Animation Taps HPE and Qumulo to Accelerate Its Digital Content Pipeline Media and Entertainment Industry Turning to Qumulo For Modern Scale-Out Storage Artec 3D Releases Artec Studio 12 Software Featuring Enhanced 3D Intelligence, Speed and Workflow Preempt Launches Global Reseller Program to Eliminate Insider Threats and Boost Security Team Effectiveness Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, April 24, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon court news Monday, April 24, 2017 Marriage licenses Daniel Glen Beers, of Palmerton, and Chelsea Andersen Kneebone, of Bangor. Christopher Elton Labar-Hoffman and Krista Lynn Stanley, of Kutztown. Clyde Ross Abbott II and Laura Ann Moench, of Jim Thorpe. Kile Richard Haas and Audrey Marrie Miller, of Lehighton. Credit default Capital One Bank, Glen Allen, Virginia, has filed an action against Clarissa Werner, 114 Crescent Way, Albrightsville, alleging she defaulted on a credit card account. Sought is $2,010.28. Mortgage foreclosures The following actions were filed as mortgage foreclosures for alleged defaults on loans. Wells Fargo Bank, c/o 3476 Stateview Blvd., Fort Mill, South Carolina, filed against Karl S. Hoffman, 88 N. Shore Drive, Albrightsville, over property at that address. Sought is $80,189.66 and continuing interest. Wells Fargo Bank filed against Angie N. and Erich N. Deesch, 2270 E. Lizard Creek Road, Lehighton, over property at that address. Sought is $94,869.48 and continuing interest. Wells Fargo Bank filed against Eric Anthony Velez, 54 Spokane Road, Albrightsville, over property at that address. Sought is $94,512.28 and continuing interest. JPMorgan Chase Bank, c/o 3415 Vision Drive, Columbus, Ohio, filed against Michelle L. and Andrew J. Hildebrant, 171 Rocky Creek Lane, Andreas (East Penn Township), over property at that address. Sought is $256,343.98 and continuing interest. Bayview Loan Servicing, c/o 4425 Ponce de Leon Blvd., Coral Gables, Florida, filed against Jacob Altif, 101 Center Ave., Jim Thorpe, over property at that address. Sought is $110,223.20 and continuing interest. Branch Banking and Trust Company, c/o 7701 Airport Center Drive, Greensboro, North Carolina, filed against Travis M. Gower, 92 Market St., Lehighton, over property at 20 Holland St., Nesquehoning. Sought is $40,782.40 and continuing interest. Bill owed Bowman Sales & Equipment Inc., dba, Bowman Trailer Leasing, Box 443, Williamsport, Maryland, filed a civil complaint against William Swartz, dba, B Swartz Transport, 399 Chapel Drive, Lehighton. The suit alleges that the defendant owes a bill for rental agreements entered with the plaintiff. Sought is $28,271.47 plus interest, costs and fees. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance KB Financial Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €15.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag KB Financial Group (KB) Given News Impact Score of 0.44 Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Given a €150.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts PBF Logistics (PBFX) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows E.On Se (EOAN) Given a €8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Under Armour’s (UAA) “Underperform” Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG CSX Co. (CSX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Loop Capital Beiersdorf AG (BEI) Given a €96.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Danone SA (BN) Given a €56.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €88.00 Price Target at Independent Research GmbH RTL Group S.A. (RTL) Given a €76.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Twitter Inc (TWTR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus WABCO Holdings Inc. (WBC) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus -$0.21 Earnings Per Share Expected for Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) This Quarter Brokerages Anticipate Investors Bancorp, Inc. (ISBC) to Post $0.16 EPS Nationwide Fund Advisors Increases Stake in Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) CAPROCK Group Inc. Continues to Hold Position in Cherokee Inc (CHKE) CAPROCK Group Inc. Reduces Position in Cameco Corp (CCJ) Candriam Luxembourg S.C.A. Has $5.732 Million Position in Goldcorp Inc. (GG) KB Financial Group (KB) Given News Impact Score of 0.44 April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about KB Financial Group (NYSE:KB) has trended positive this week, according to Alpha One. The research firm, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. KB Financial Group earned a news sentiment score of 0.44 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news stories about the bank an impact score of 0 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is extremely unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne’s analysis: KB Financial Group Inc. Files Its Annual Report on Form 20-F (finance.yahoo.com) S. Korean financial groups report earnings surprise in Q1 on higher NIM (pulsenews.co.kr) Citizens Financial Group’s (CFG) “Neutral” Rating Reiterated at Piper Jaffray Companies (xboxonezone.com) KB Financial Group Inc. 2017 Q1 – Results – Earnings Call Slides (seekingalpha.com) Brokers Change Their Target Price On KB Financial Group Inc (NYSE:KB) (naijaoversabi.com) Shares of KB Financial Group (NYSE:KB) traded up 2.66% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $45.17. The company had a trading volume of 60,650 shares. KB Financial Group has a 12 month low of $26.45 and a 12 month high of $46.04. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $43.58 and its 200 day moving average is $39.04. The company has a market capitalization of $17.99 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.24 and a beta of 1.20. Several analysts recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded KB Financial Group from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $42.00 target price for the company in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded KB Financial Group from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Finally, Morgan Stanley upgraded KB Financial Group from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $42.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/kb-financial-group-kb-given-news-impact-score-of-0-44.html. KB Financial Group Company Profile KB Financial Group Inc is a financial holding company in Korea. The Company’s operations include Kookmin Bank, a commercial bank in Korea. The Company operates through six business segments: retail banking operations, corporate banking operations, other banking operations, credit card operations, investment and securities operations, and life insurance operations. Receive News & Ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for KB Financial Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 65° Login Subscribe Full Menu 65° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us FILE - In this Friday, Nov. 13, 2015, file photo, the American flag flies above the Wall Street entrance to the New York Stock Exchange. Stocks are opening sharply higher on Wall Street, Monday, April 24, 2017, following gains in Europe, as investors hoped that France was not heading for an exit of the euro. Banks and industrial companies led the way higher in U.S. markets early in the day. Richard Drew, File AP Photo Business April 24, 2017 9:48 PM Asia tracks French election rally; weak yen lifts Tokyo By ELAINE KURTENBACH AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TOKYO The worldwide surge in share prices sparked by the outcome of France's vote Sunday carried into Asian markets early Tuesday. Japanese shares gained as the dollar remained near the 110 yen level, helping exporters. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.8 percent to 19,034.74 and the Hang Seng in Hong Kong jumped 0.9 percent to 24,349.69. South Korea's Kospi added 0.5 percent to 2,183.54 and the Shanghai Composite index was up 0.2 percent at 3,135.38. Shares were higher in Taiwan and Southeast Asia. Australian and New Zealand markets were closed for Anzac Day. FRENCH FACTOR: The first round of France's presidential election raised expectations that the European Union will hold together. Emmanuel Macron, a candidate investors see as pro-business, won the most votes and is seen likely to beat Marine Le Pen, the remaining, anti-EU candidate in the May 7 runoff. A wave of relief boosted France's CAC 40 index by 4.1 percent, taking it briefly to its highest level since 2008. Germany's DAX gained 3.4 percent and the FTSE 100 in London rose 2.1 percent. ANALYST VIEWPOINT: "The rosy sentiment in the market could however be a short-term phenomenon. Certainly Europe is starting to look more attractive, but the fundamentals have not been altered with this political event," Jingyi Pan of IG said in a commentary. WALL STREET: U.S. shares were buoyed by the news from France and also strong earnings reports. The Standard & Poor's 500 index jumped 1.1 percent to 2,374.15. The Dow Jones industrial average also rose 1.1 percent, to 20,763.89. The Nasdaq composite gained 1.2 percent to 5,983.82. The VIX index that many investors see as a measure of the market's fear level plunged 25 percent. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil gained 23 cents to $49.46 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. On Monday the contract fell 39 cents to settle at $49.23 per barrel. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 27 cents to $51.87 a barrel. It fell 36 cents to $51.60 per barrel in London. CURRENCIES: With expectations strengthening that the shared European economy will remain intact, the foreign-exchange market saw the value of the euro rise on Monday. By late morning Tuesday in Asia it was trading at $1.0858, down slightly from $1.0868. The dollar rose to 110.04 yen from 109.76 yen and the British pound slipped to $1.2779 from $1.2795. A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. The worldwide surge in share prices sparked by the outcome of France’s vote Sunday carried into Asian markets early Tuesday. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. The worldwide surge in share prices sparked by the outcome of France’s vote Sunday carried into Asian markets early Tuesday. Japanese shares gained as the dollar remained near the 110 yen level, helping exporters. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. A man walks past an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. The worldwide surge in share prices sparked by the outcome of France’s vote Sunday carried into Asian markets early Tuesday. Japanese shares gained as the dollar remained near the 110 yen level, helping exporters. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo Men look at an electronic stock board showing Japan's Nikkei 225 index at a securities firm in Tokyo, Tuesday, April 25, 2017. The worldwide surge in share prices sparked by the outcome of France’s vote Sunday carried into Asian markets early Tuesday. Eugene Hoshiko AP Photo 1 of 4 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago New Scarlet Pearl parking garage opens in style 1:07 4 days ago New Scarlet Pearl parking garage opens in style 1:44 a month ago Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 0:31 2 months ago Take an aerial tour of Deer and Cat islands View More Video Business Asia tracks French election rally; weak yen lifts Tokyo Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal The Latest: Mistrial declared for 4 in Cliven Bundy standoff The Latest: US sanctions 271 in Syrian chemical attack Clarification: Casino Fight-Tribes story Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad European shares rally as Italian, French banks soar after Macron win By Reuters Published: 12:29 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 12:29 EDT, 24 April 2017 e-mail By Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid MILAN/LONDON, April 24 (Reuters) - European shares rallied, banks soared, and French blue-chips briefly hit a nine-year high on Monday after France's presidential election sparked a rush to risky assets. Investors cheered the first-round result of France's presidential election, which saw centrist Emmanuel Macron take a big step towards leading his country. Polls now put him comfortably ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 run-off. The outcome lessens the risk of an anti-establishment shock on the scale of Britain's vote to quit the European Union and bolsters the case for closer ties between France and Germany. Europe's STOXX 600 index closed 2.1 percent higher, with France's CAC 40 up 4.1 percent, posting its best day's gains since August 2012. Germany's DAX hit a new record high, up 3.4 percent, while Britain's FTSE gained 2.1 percent. "The clear reason for this rally is that European markets have been held back by political risk over the last 12 months," said Tim Stevenson, European equities fund manager at Henderson. Europe's main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index fell 8.8 points, wiping out the rapid surge it made this month when investors grew cautious in the run up to the French vote. The euro briefly vaulted to five-month peaks and French bond yields fell to multi-month lows, halving the French/German two-year bond spread. Investors said they would start to concentrate on signs that European economies are improving. "We decided early this morning to refocus our strategy on the very positive fundamentals in Europe, and to lift the protective overlays we had put in place on bond and stock futures," said Pascale Auclair, global head of investment at La Francaise Asset Management. "Nonetheless, we will remain vigilant going into the (French) legislative elections." If he wins the presidency, Macron will need to secure a working parliamentary majority for his young party in June, and then seek broad popular support for labour reforms that are sure to meet resistance. BANKS, INDUSTRIALS DRIVE RISK-ON RALLY French and Italian banks saw the biggest gains across the region with the euro zone's bank index rising 7.4 percent to its highest level in 16 months. Paris blue chips hit their highest since January 2008, up 4.1 percent. The top eight gainers on the pan-European index were banks, with UniCredit, Credit Agricole and UBI Banca leading the way, up 13.2, 10.9 and 10.4 percent respectively. Brokers including Goldman Sachs, Citi and Kepler Cheuvreux all came out heavily in favour of European banks on Monday morning. Italy, considered to be especially vulnerable to any anti-European event, had an even stronger rally than France. Its FTSE MIB soared 4.8 percent to its highest since January 2016, driven by strong gains in banks which jumped 9.1 percent. Industrials were also in demand with shares in French construction companies Saint-Gobain and Vinci soaring 6.7 percent and 7.1 percent respectively, as investors turned their focus to their earning prospects. Europe's construction and materials sector had its best daily gains since last November's U.S. election, up 3.4 percent. "There was already a case for this sector before the election, but now we are looking beyond and back to fundamentals," said Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. The rush into risky assets weighed on precious metal miners Randgold Resources fell 1.4 percent as prices of gold, seen as a safe haven asset, fell more than 1 percent. Next up on investors' radars will be the slew of results poised to kick off European earnings season this week including heavyweight banks UBS and Credit Suisse. European first-quarter earnings are expected to rise 7.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Excluding the energy sector, this would be a rise of 2.9 percent. Shares in Akzo Nobel gained 5.1 percent after PPG Industries raised its offer to $29 billion, increasing pressure on the Dutch paint maker to enter into acquisition talks. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid; Editing by Catherine Evans) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Nasdaq hits record high as US stocks join global rally 24 April 2017 From the section Business These are external links and will open in a new window Share this with Facebook Share this with Twitter Share this with Messenger Share this with Messenger Share this with Email Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39695336 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright Reuters Stocks on Wall Street surged on Monday, as US investors joined the global rally triggered by the French presidential election. Centrist Emmanuel Macron topped the voting in the first round, and will go through to the final round with far-right candidate Marine Le Pen. Markets now expect Mr Macron to win in the second round of voting. The Nasdaq index hit a record high, rising 1.2% to 5,983.82, while the Dow Jones jumped 1.05% to 20,763.89. The wider S&P 500 index climbed 25.46 points, or 1.08%, to 2,374.15. US President Donald Trump is set to announce a tax plan this week and traders may have been encouraged by reports that he plans to prioritise slashing the corporate rate. Bank stocks did well, with Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Goldman Sachs all up by more than 2%. Retailers such as Walmart and Nike lost ground. But shares in toymaker Hasbro jumped nearly 6% after its quarterly profits came in ahead of expectations. Profits rose to $68.6m, with revenues up 2.2%. Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Top Stories Labour to rip up Tory Brexit plan The party says it would prioritise jobs and workers' rights, and guarantee the status of EU citizens. 25 April 2017 US submarine arrives in South Korea 25 April 2017 Le Pen steps aside as party leader 25 April 2017 Features Video The Trump story in 100 of his own words The boxer who refuses to cash in on beating a champion Video Can plastic roads help save the planet? Macron - not the only young achiever Get up to speed with our briefing How Nepal quake turned women into builders Eight ways machine learning is in your life The Holocaust: Who are the missing million? Where Britain's parties stand on Brexit News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Shares Bought by Huntington National Bank Blackhawk Bancorp Com (BHWB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Facebook’s (FB) Outperform Rating Reiterated at Robert W. Baird Goldman Sachs Group (GS) to Buyback 50,000,000 Shares Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Position Lowered by Moody National Bank Trust Division Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stake Maintained by Moody National Bank Trust Division Moody National Bank Trust Division Has $525,000 Stake in BB&T Co. (BBT) Moody National Bank Trust Division Invests $291,000 in Delta Air Lines, Inc. (DAL) Allergan plc (AGN) Shares Sold by Selz Capital LLC American Economic Planning Group Inc. ADV Acquires 15 Shares of Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Stake Lowered by Oakbrook Investments LLC Cerner Co. (CERN) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cardiovascular Systems Inc (CSII) Receives Buy Rating from Needham & Company LLC Capella Education Company (CPLA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Peter R. Ingram Sells 2,500 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Sells $163,460.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) COO Sells $128,790.00 in Stock Insider Selling: New Relic Inc (NEWR) Insider Sells $155,040.00 in Stock Michael Cotoia Sells 18,413 Shares of TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Stock Goldman Sachs Group (GS) to Buyback 50,000,000 Shares April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) declared that its board has initiated a share buyback plan, which authorizes the company to repurchase 50,000,000 shares on Tuesday, April 18th, EventVestor reports. This repurchase authorization authorizes the investment management company to repurchase shares of its stock through open market purchases. Stock repurchase plans are typically an indication that the company’s management believes its stock is undervalued. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) traded up 3.23% during trading on Monday, reaching $223.86. The company had a trading volume of 1,977,825 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $233.97 and a 200 day moving average of $222.76. The stock has a market capitalization of $91.63 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.91 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group has a 52-week low of $138.20 and a 52-week high of $255.15. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. Goldman Sachs Group had a net margin of 24.17% and a return on equity of 9.78%. The company earned $8.03 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.33 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $2.68 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 26.6% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts forecast that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.14 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a $0.75 dividend. This is an increase from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. This represents a $3.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 15.89%. A number of research firms recently issued reports on GS. Compass Point began coverage on Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price for the company. Berenberg Bank lowered Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $140.00 to $190.00 in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr lowered Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $215.99 target price for the company. in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $229.20. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/goldman-sachs-group-gs-to-buyback-50000000-shares.html. In related news, EVP Edith W. Cooper sold 8,416 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $236.00, for a total value of $1,986,176.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 41,966 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,903,976. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total value of $1,400,645.84. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 77,135 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $19,296,091.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 91,990 shares of company stock valued at $22,362,560. 2.61% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Goldman Sachs Group The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eaton Co. PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oakbrook Investments LLC Increases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Increased by Columbus Circle Investors Baxter International Inc (BAX) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Rockland Trust Co. McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Textron Inc. (TXT) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Sanders Morris Harris Inc. Has $380,000 Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Oakbrook Investments LLC Lowers Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Gemmer Asset Management LLC Acquires 2,280 Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (BOTJ) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Surrey Bancorp (SRYB) Announces Earnings Results BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Shares Sold by Columbus Circle Investors Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms ” Buy” Rating for Booker Group Plc (BOK) Monster Beverage (MNST) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Universal Stainless & Alloy Products (USAP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research -$0.34 EPS Expected for Intellia Therapeutics Inc (NTLA) This Quarter Gemmer Asset Management LLC Acquires 2,280 Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) by 368.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 2,898 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after buying an additional 2,280 shares during the period. Gemmer Asset Management LLC’s holdings in Eaton Co., PLC were worth $215,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in ETN. James Investment Research Inc. purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the third quarter valued at $13,004,000. Apriem Advisors boosted its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 1.3% in the third quarter. Apriem Advisors now owns 92,971 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $6,109,000 after buying an additional 1,155 shares during the period. Lazard Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 4.5% in the third quarter. Lazard Asset Management LLC now owns 5,094,649 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $334,769,000 after buying an additional 217,175 shares during the period. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can boosted its stake in Eaton Co., PLC by 2.7% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 513,848 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $33,756,000 after buying an additional 13,421 shares during the period. Finally, Russell Investments Group Ltd. purchased a new stake in Eaton Co., PLC during the fourth quarter valued at $74,118,000. Institutional investors own 73.55% of the company’s stock. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) traded up 2.2341% during trading on Monday, hitting $75.4999. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 302,499 shares. Eaton Co., PLC has a 12 month low of $54.30 and a 12 month high of $76.39. The firm has a market cap of $33.95 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.9335 and a beta of 1.32. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $73.43 and a 200 day moving average of $68.94. Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 2nd. The industrial products company reported $1.12 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.10 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $4.90 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.91 billion. Eaton Co., PLC had a return on equity of 12.56% and a net margin of 9.73%. Eaton Co., PLC’s revenue for the quarter was down 3.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.17 EPS. Equities research analysts predict that Eaton Co., PLC will post $4.45 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Gemmer Asset Management LLC Acquires 2,280 Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (ETN)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/gemmer-asset-management-llc-acquires-2280-shares-of-eaton-co-plc-etn.html. Several brokerages recently commented on ETN. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Eaton Co., PLC from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Royal Bank of Canada set a $67.00 target price on Eaton Co., PLC and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Eaton Co., PLC in a report on Sunday, February 5th. Vertical Research cut Eaton Co., PLC from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut Eaton Co., PLC from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and reduced their target price for the company from $75.00 to $70.00 in a report on Friday, February 3rd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $74.14. In related news, Director Deborah L. Mccoy sold 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.19, for a total transaction of $360,950.00. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 39,936 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,882,979.84. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Thomas E. Moran sold 3,470 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.13, for a total value of $250,291.10. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 10,668 shares in the company, valued at $769,482.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 0.80% of the company’s stock. About Eaton Co., PLC Eaton Corporation (Eaton) is a diversified power management company. It is engaged in the manufacturing of electrical components and systems for power quality, distribution and control; hydraulics components, systems and services for industrial and mobile equipment; aerospace fuel, hydraulics and pneumatic systems for commercial and military use, and truck and automotive drivetrain and powertrain systems for performance, fuel economy and safety. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ETN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eaton Co., PLC (NYSE:ETN). Receive News & Ratings for Eaton Co. PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eaton Co. PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance McKesson Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Oakbrook Investments LLC Increases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Increased by Columbus Circle Investors Baxter International Inc (BAX) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Rockland Trust Co. McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Textron Inc. (TXT) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Sanders Morris Harris Inc. Has $380,000 Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Oakbrook Investments LLC Lowers Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Gemmer Asset Management LLC Acquires 2,280 Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (BOTJ) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Surrey Bancorp (SRYB) Announces Earnings Results BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Shares Sold by Columbus Circle Investors Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Affiliated Managers Group (AMG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.56 HSBC Holdings plc Reaffirms ” Buy” Rating for Booker Group Plc (BOK) Monster Beverage (MNST) Earning Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Unique Fabricating Inc (UFAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Universal Stainless & Alloy Products (USAP) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research -$0.34 EPS Expected for Intellia Therapeutics Inc (NTLA) This Quarter McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Oakbrook Investments LLC reduced its position in shares of McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) by 8.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 22,175 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,950 shares during the period. Oakbrook Investments LLC’s holdings in McKesson were worth $3,288,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in MCK. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in McKesson by 0.6% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 1,726 shares of the company’s stock worth $281,000 after buying an additional 10 shares during the last quarter. Pegasus Partners Ltd. increased its position in McKesson by 0.5% in the third quarter. Pegasus Partners Ltd. now owns 3,495 shares of the company’s stock worth $583,000 after buying an additional 17 shares during the last quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC increased its position in McKesson by 0.8% in the third quarter. Regentatlantic Capital LLC now owns 3,148 shares of the company’s stock worth $525,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the last quarter. SRB Corp increased its position in McKesson by 3.4% in the third quarter. SRB Corp now owns 814 shares of the company’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 27 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. increased its position in McKesson by 1.0% in the third quarter. Godshalk Welsh Capital Management Inc. now owns 2,875 shares of the company’s stock worth $479,000 after buying an additional 28 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.81% of the company’s stock. McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK) traded up 0.14% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $136.11. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 119,012 shares. McKesson Co. has a 52 week low of $114.53 and a 52 week high of $199.43. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $145.96 and a 200-day moving average of $146.22. The stock has a market capitalization of $28.86 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.15 and a beta of 1.06. McKesson (NYSE:MCK) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The company reported $3.03 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $2.95 by $0.08. The company had revenue of $50.13 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $50.71 billion. McKesson had a return on equity of 30.05% and a net margin of 0.97%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $3.18 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that McKesson Co. will post $12.62 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, April 3rd. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were paid a dividend of $0.28 per share. This represents a $1.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 0.82%. The ex-dividend date was Monday, February 27th. McKesson’s dividend payout ratio is presently 13.25%. WARNING: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/mckesson-co-mck-stake-reduced-by-oakbrook-investments-llc.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on MCK. Leerink Swann set a $155.00 price objective on McKesson and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 21st. Vetr upgraded McKesson from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $157.86 price objective on the stock in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. Evercore ISI reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $166.00 price objective on shares of McKesson in a report on Monday, April 17th. Needham & Company LLC began coverage on McKesson in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued a “hold” rating on the stock. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded McKesson from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from $171.00 to $169.00 in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, six have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. McKesson currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $170.12. In other McKesson news, Chairman John H. Hammergren sold 100,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was sold at an average price of $150.44, for a total transaction of $15,119,220.00. Following the transaction, the chairman now owns 22,390 shares in the company, valued at $3,368,351.60. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Insiders own 1.15% of the company’s stock. McKesson Company Profile McKesson Corporation (McKesson) is engaged in delivering pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and healthcare information technology. The Company operates through two segments: McKesson Distribution Solutions and Technology Solutions. The McKesson Distribution Solutions segment distributes drugs and equipment, and health and beauty care products across North America and internationally. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MCK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for McKesson Co. (NYSE:MCK). Receive News & Ratings for McKesson Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for McKesson Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Peter R. Ingram Sells 2,500 Shares of Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) Stock Cowen and Company Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Sells $163,460.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) COO Sells $128,790.00 in Stock Insider Selling: New Relic Inc (NEWR) Insider Sells $155,040.00 in Stock Michael Cotoia Sells 18,413 Shares of TechTarget Inc (TTGT) Stock D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Stake Boosted by Oakbrook Investments LLC Oakbrook Investments LLC Increases Stake in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Tenet Healthcare Corp (THC) Position Increased by Columbus Circle Investors Baxter International Inc (BAX) Shares Bought by Sabal Trust CO Ecolab Inc. (ECL) Shares Bought by Rockland Trust Co. McKesson Co. (MCK) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Textron Inc. (TXT) Stake Reduced by Oakbrook Investments LLC Sanders Morris Harris Inc. Has $380,000 Stake in Praxair, Inc. (PX) Oakbrook Investments LLC Lowers Stake in Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Gemmer Asset Management LLC Acquires 2,280 Shares of Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Bank of the James Financial Group, Inc. (BOTJ) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Surrey Bancorp (SRYB) Announces Earnings Results BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research GrubHub Inc (GRUB) Shares Sold by Columbus Circle Investors Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Sells $163,460.00 in Stock April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) Director Clay Thorp sold 22,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.43, for a total transaction of $163,460.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Clay Thorp also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, April 18th, Clay Thorp sold 44,455 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.48, for a total transaction of $332,523.40. On Wednesday, April 19th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.46, for a total transaction of $510,898.10. On Thursday, March 16th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $6.56, for a total transaction of $449,261.60. On Wednesday, February 22nd, Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $203,850.00. On Friday, February 17th, Clay Thorp sold 41,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.60, for a total transaction of $315,286.00. On Friday, January 20th, Clay Thorp sold 68,485 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $8.53, for a total transaction of $584,177.05. Shares of Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded up 0.94% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $7.50. 32,229 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $189.64 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $7.43 and a 200-day moving average of $11.82. Clearside Biomedical Inc has a 1-year low of $5.44 and a 1-year high of $25.08. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, March 14th. The company reported ($0.45) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.33) by $0.12. The company had revenue of $0.01 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $0.01 million. On average, equities analysts expect that Clearside Biomedical Inc will post ($2.03) EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Director Sells $163,460.00 in Stock” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-director-sells-163460-00-in-stock.html. CLSD has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Clearside Biomedical from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 27th. Needham & Company LLC decreased their price target on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price target on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Finally, Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $21.80. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank acquired a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $417,000. Opaleye Management Inc. acquired a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $2,414,000. Perceptive Advisors LLC acquired a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $6,365,000. Ellington Management Group LLC acquired a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $203,000. Finally, Tudor Investment Corp Et Al acquired a new position in Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter worth about $1,184,000. 33.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Clearside Biomedical Company Profile Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Affect United Parcel Service (UPS) Stock Price LendingClub Corp (LC) Research Coverage Started at Stifel Nicolaus LegacyTexas Financial Group’s (LTXB) Hold Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Wedbush Trims Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Target Price to $89.00 Echostar Co. (SATS) Raised to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Potlatch Co. (PCH) Cut to Sector Perform at Royal Bank of Canada General Motors Company (GM) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Hartford Investment Management Co. Sells 54,802 Shares of Host Hotels and Resorts Inc (HST) Hartford Financial Management Inc. Invests $113,000 in Monsanto Company (MON) Courier Capital LLC Has $1,015,000 Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Cuts Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Shares Sold by Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Invests $461,000 in Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Has $482,000 Stake in Dana Inc (DAN) KT Corp (KT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) Earns Buy Rating from Cann Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Jsr Corp (JSCPY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Alliance HealthCare Services (AIQ) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Almost Family (AFAM) Stock Price LegacyTexas Financial Group’s (LTXB) Hold Rating Reiterated at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed their hold rating on shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc (NASDAQ:LTXB) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods currently has a $45.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on LTXB. Zacks Investment Research upgraded LegacyTexas Financial Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $48.00 target price for the company in a research report on Wednesday, January 4th. FBR & Co restated a buy rating and issued a $46.00 target price on shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the stock. LegacyTexas Financial Group has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $40.13. Shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group (NASDAQ:LTXB) opened at 37.825 on Wednesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $39.58 and its 200 day moving average is $39.38. LegacyTexas Financial Group has a 12 month low of $23.48 and a 12 month high of $44.94. The firm has a market cap of $1.76 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.027 and a beta of 1.12. LegacyTexas Financial Group (NASDAQ:LTXB) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The financial services provider reported $0.37 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.58 by $0.21. The firm earned $88.68 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $88.75 million. LegacyTexas Financial Group had a return on equity of 11.18% and a net margin of 26.78%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.43 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that LegacyTexas Financial Group will post $2.20 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/legacytexas-financial-groups-ltxb-hold-rating-reiterated-at-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, May 15th. Shareholders of record on Monday, May 1st will be given a $0.15 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 27th. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.63%. LegacyTexas Financial Group’s payout ratio is currently 28.57%. In other LegacyTexas Financial Group news, EVP Charles D. Eikenberg sold 5,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $40.89, for a total value of $204,450.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 41,450 shares in the company, valued at $1,694,890.50. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Anthony J. Levecchio sold 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $42.49, for a total value of $254,940.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 58,730 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,495,437.70. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 37,000 shares of company stock valued at $1,532,125 in the last quarter. Corporate insiders own 3.30% of the company’s stock. Hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group during the third quarter valued at $158,000. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group by 168.0% in the third quarter. Monarch Partners Asset Management LLC now owns 578,119 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $18,286,000 after buying an additional 362,379 shares during the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group by 1.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 534,829 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $16,917,000 after buying an additional 7,485 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its stake in shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group by 36.7% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 24,877 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $787,000 after buying an additional 6,678 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of LegacyTexas Financial Group by 187.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 281,970 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $8,919,000 after buying an additional 183,834 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.56% of the company’s stock. About LegacyTexas Financial Group LegacyTexas Financial Group, Inc is a bank holding company. LegacyTexas Bank (the Bank) is the Company’s principal operating subsidiary, which is a commercial bank that is focused on meeting the needs of businesses and consumers in the North Texas area. Its principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from general public and business community and investing those funds, along with borrowed funds, in commercial real estate loans, secured and unsecured commercial and industrial loans, as well as permanent loans secured by first and second mortgages on one- to four-family residences and consumer loans. Receive News & Ratings for LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for LegacyTexas Financial Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hartford Financial Management Inc. Invests $113,000 in Monsanto Company (MON) Courier Capital LLC Has $1,015,000 Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Lederer & Associates Investment Counsel CA Cuts Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) TJX Companies Inc (TJX) Shares Sold by Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Invests $461,000 in Cousins Properties Inc (CUZ) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Has $482,000 Stake in Dana Inc (DAN) KT Corp (KT) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Agios Pharmaceuticals Inc (AGIO) Earns Buy Rating from Cann Mobil'nye Telesistemy PAO (MBT) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Jsr Corp (JSCPY) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Alliance HealthCare Services (AIQ) Receiving Very Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Almost Family (AFAM) Stock Price Changyou.Com Ltd (CYOU) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Primero Mining Corp (PPP) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Royal Bank of Scotland Group PLC (RBS) Raised to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Zacks Investment Research Upgrades QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) to Hold Allegion PLC (ALLE) Shares Bought by Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Courier Capital LLC Has $1,015,000 Stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Courier Capital LLC held its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 4,420 shares of the investment management company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Courier Capital LLC’s holdings in Goldman Sachs Group were worth $1,015,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can raised its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 20.1% in the third quarter. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can now owns 375,896 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $60,605,000 after buying an additional 62,829 shares in the last quarter. Baskin Financial Services Inc. raised its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 2.2% in the third quarter. Baskin Financial Services Inc. now owns 45,830 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $7,391,000 after buying an additional 965 shares in the last quarter. Brighton Jones LLC raised its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 5.7% in the third quarter. Brighton Jones LLC now owns 1,601 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $258,000 after buying an additional 87 shares in the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 102.8% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,440 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $232,000 after buying an additional 730 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bollard Group LLC raised its position in shares of Goldman Sachs Group by 0.4% in the third quarter. Bollard Group LLC now owns 13,885 shares of the investment management company’s stock valued at $2,239,000 after buying an additional 50 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 72.77% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) opened at 221.11 on Monday. The company has a market cap of $90.50 billion, a P/E ratio of 11.76 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group Inc has a 52-week low of $138.20 and a 52-week high of $255.15. The company has a 50-day moving average of $233.97 and a 200-day moving average of $222.76. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, April 18th. The investment management company reported $5.15 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $5.31 by $0.16. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The business had revenue of $8.03 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $8.33 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $2.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 26.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Goldman Sachs Group Inc will post $19.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 29th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a $0.75 dividend. This is a positive change from Goldman Sachs Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.65. This represents a $3.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.38%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio is currently 15.89%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/courier-capital-llc-has-1015000-stake-in-goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs.html. GS has been the topic of several analyst reports. Compass Point initiated coverage on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $250.00 target price on the stock. Berenberg Bank lowered shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $140.00 to $190.00 in a report on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Vetr lowered shares of Goldman Sachs Group from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating and set a $215.99 target price on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $229.20. In other news, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total value of $1,400,645.84. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,135 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,296,091.60. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total transaction of $8,083,189.50. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 94,458 shares in the company, valued at $23,620,167.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 91,990 shares of company stock worth $22,362,560. Insiders own 2.61% of the company’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS). Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Five Things You Need to Know to Start Your Day Get caught up on what's moving markets. by Lorcan Roche Kelly @lorcanRK More stories by Lorcan Roche Kelly April 24, 2017, 6:10 AM EDT Future of France: Macron and Le Pen Go Head-to-Head Want to receive this post in your inbox every morning? Sign up here. Markets surge as Macron and Le Pen win the French vote, China's the odd one out, and Trump gets close to wrapping up his first 100 days. Here are some of the things people in markets are talking about today. French election The first round of voting in the French presidential election saw centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron and far-right nationalist Marine Le Pen make it through to the second round runoff scheduled for May 7. Republican candidate Francois Fillon, who came in third, backed Macron for the May vote, with early polls suggesting he would beat Le Pen by more than 20 percentage points.  Relief rally Emmanuel Macron's victory in the vote has led to a huge relief rally across markets. France's CAC 40 Index was 4.2 percent higher at 5:21 a.m Eastern Time, Germany's Dax added as much as 2.9 percent to reach an intraday record, while the wider Stoxx 600 Index gained 1.9 percent. France's 10-year bond yield fell 11 basis points, while the spread to German bunds narrowed 20 basis points, the tightest since January. The euro was trading at $1.0875, having climbed to the highest level against the U.S. dollar since November in the immediate aftermath of the results. S&P 500 futures added 1.2 percent as the risk-on rally spread beyond Europe.  Going its own way Chinese stocks didn't get the global rally memo, however. Following a record stretch without falling more than 1 percent in a single session, China's Shanghai Composite Index fell 1.4 percent, its biggest one-day loss since Dec. 12. The index is down almost 5 percent from its mid-April peak, becoming the worst performing national benchmark in the world. Correlation ratios between the Chinese stock gauge and other global benchmarks is now near zero. This selloff is being driven by a crackdown on leverage, a move which is also weighing on iron ore prices.  May's big June lead British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party has a lead of at least 20 percentage points over the Labour Party in the most recent polls. May has said that a large victory in the election would strengthen her hand in negotiations with the EU over Brexit. But, should Macron win in France as expected, then that could make her task much more difficult. Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Bank of America Corp. are telling clients that the U.K. is still on track for a "hard Brexit."  100 days The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Donald Trump will have been President of the United States for 100 days on Saturday April 29. It is shaping up to be a busy week for the president before that benchmark is reached, with Friday's deadline to avoid a government shutdown fast approaching. Trump is also expected to release his tax plan this week, which won't include a border-adjusted tax, according to a senior administration official.  What we've been reading  This is what's caught our eye over the weekend. Odd Lots Podcast: How to use pop music to forecast the stock market.  Copper sends mixed signals on world economy as bulls do a runner. The electric car revolution now faces its biggest test. Space may be the next frontier for Earth's crude oil giants. Jack Ma sees decades of pain as internet upends the old economy. London house prices post biggest annual decline in eight years. Duterte says he can be 50 times more brutal than terrorists.  Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Tantaros Adds to Fox Fight With Claim of `Sockpuppet' Attack A Dying Man's Lost Recipe Made His Daughter a Multimillionaire Jack Ma Sees Decades of Pain as Internet Upends Old Economy Risk On as French Vote Ripples Around the World: Markets Wrap The Electric Car Revolution Now Faces Its Biggest Test Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Equity US STOCKS-Wall St looks set to rally as French vote worries ease US STOCKS-Wall St looks set to rally as French vote worries ease Source : Last Updated: Mon, Apr 24, 2017 18:40 hrs Tweet Mail Print * Macron, Le Pen to face-off on May 7 in final vote * Bank stocks rise more than 2 pct * Hasbro surges on profit beat * Futures up: Dow 218 pts, S&P 27.25 pts, Nasdaq 62.25 pts (Adds details, comment, updates prices) By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 24 (Reuters) - The Nasdaq was poised to open at a record high on Monday, with other indexes likely to rally, as investors breathed a sigh of relief after Centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French election. Polls showed pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote on May 7, quelling some fears of a breakup of the Eurozone after Britain's shock exit vote last year. While European stocks headed for their best day in two years, gold prices tumbled amid an unwinding of safe-haven trades. "The markets are in a strong rebound as the expectations of the first round of the French elections results were pleasing," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. Dow e-minis were up 218 points, or 1.06 percent, at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) with 42,017 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 27.25 points, or 1.16 percent, with 291,485 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 62.25 points, or 1.14 percent, on volume of 45,052 contracts. U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet and Microsoft due to report results. Even as tensions in North Korea, the French election and a flagging "Trump trade" have weighed on sentiment in recent weeks investors have held on, encouraged by a strong showing in the first-quarter earnings season. Upbeat earnings at company that have reported so far have increased profit growth expectations. Overall profit for S&P 500 companies is now estimated to have risen 11.2 percent in the first quarter, compared with the 10.1 percent forecast at the start of the earnings season, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 76 percent of the S&P companies that had reported results until Friday beat earnings expectations. Wall Street closed lower, but well off session-lows on Friday after President Donald Trump said he would have a "big announcement" on tax reforms on Wednesday. Shares of big U.S. banks, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan rose over 2 percent in premarket trading on Monday. The S&P 500 financial sector had been the broader index's biggest underperformer last week as investors favored safe-haven assets amid geopolitical risks. Hasbro surged 5.7 percent after the toymaker reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Shares of rival Mattel were up about 1 percent. Device maker C R Bard jumped more than 19 percent to $302 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28420.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28700.00 (0.7%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28870.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28420.00 (0%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video French election results catapult Wall Street higher; Nasdaq sets record Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Apr 25, 2017 | 3:37am IST French election results catapult Wall Street higher; Nasdaq sets record By Rodrigo Campos | NEW YORK NEW YORK U.S. stocks rallied on Monday, tracking a relief rally that swept through Asian and European markets, after centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French presidential election. Pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote on May 7 according to polls, which were mostly right about the first-round results. "This alleviates fears that we were going to have to navigate a French exit (from) the European Union," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. "This is a classic relief rally showing up most in financials," he said. "We cleared this hurdle and now it's a little bit more clear running." European banks .SX7E jumped 7.4 percent while banks on the S&P 500 .SPXBK added 2.8 percent. The moves across markets point to an unwinding of bets taken in the past few days when traders had turned defensive ahead of the French election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average .DJI rose 216.13 points, or 1.05 percent, to 20,763.89, the S&P 500 .SPX gained 25.46 points, or 1.08 percent, to 2,374.15 and the Nasdaq Composite .IXIC added 73.30 points, or 1.24 percent, to 5,983.82. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe .MIWD00000PUS gained 1.56 percent to 453.5 after touching a record high of 453.7. U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet (GOOGL.O) and Microsoft (MSFT.O), due to report results this week. "Earnings are coming in better than expected and this is for a quarter where estimates were pretty tight. We didn't see much pullback with estimates in the course of the quarter, so expectations were high and we're beating them," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. Of the 100 S&P 500 companies that have reported results so far, 77 percent have beaten profit expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. This has helped lift the blended profit growth estimates to 11 percent from 10 percent at the start of the earnings season. Medical device maker C R Bard (BCR.N) jumped almost 20 percent to $302.41 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson (BDX.N) said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. Defensive trades suffered as traders embraced risk. Spot gold XAU= dropped 0.6 percent to $1,276.10 an ounce. The safe-haven Japanese yen weakened 0.58 percent versus the greenback at 109.73 per dollar. The CBOE Volatility index .VIX ended at 10.84, its lowest since Feb. 14. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.47-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.61-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 72 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 191 new highs and 43 new lows. About 6.8 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru and Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; Editing by Nick Zieminski) Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., April 20, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers WASHINGTON Four years ago, two analysts who liked to swap notes on numbers they thought looked odd took a fateful step and tipped off U.S. regulators about a company that one of them had watched for months. Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter SINGAPORE Investors' enthusiasm for Asian stocks is waning as a raft of political and economic risks takes the shine off the best first-quarter returns in 26 years. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine makes South Korea port call Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boston Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Benin Management CORP Has $833,000 Position in CSX Co. (CSX) Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Shares Bought by Patten & Patten Inc. TN Boston Advisors LLC Sells 15,870 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Monsanto Company (MON) Shares Sold by Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Cuts Position in Metlife Inc (MET) St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $907,000 Position in Metlife Inc (MET) Adeptus Health (ADPT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.25 American Electric Power Company (AEP) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Alliance Data Systems (ADS) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sell Rating for W W Grainger Inc (GWW) GGP’s (GGP) Equal Weight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Boosts GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) Price Target to $7.00 AT&T Inc. (T) Research Coverage Started at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Lifted to Buy at Dougherty & Co Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Workday Inc (WDAY) Director Sells $726,153.12 in Stock Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 42,500 Shares of Blucora Inc (BCOR) Stock David W. Kemper Sells 13,973 Shares of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Stock St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $907,000 Position in Metlife Inc (MET) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC reduced its position in Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) by 3.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 17,175 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 554 shares during the period. St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC’s holdings in Metlife were worth $907,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. Alpha Windward LLC boosted its position in shares of Metlife by 0.9% in the first quarter. Alpha Windward LLC now owns 3,297 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $174,000 after buying an additional 29 shares in the last quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. boosted its position in shares of Metlife by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Wesbanco Bank Inc. now owns 7,476 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $403,000 after buying an additional 70 shares in the last quarter. HL Financial Services LLC boosted its position in shares of Metlife by 1.1% in the third quarter. HL Financial Services LLC now owns 6,675 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $297,000 after buying an additional 71 shares in the last quarter. Budros Ruhlin & Roe Inc. boosted its position in shares of Metlife by 0.5% in the third quarter. Budros Ruhlin & Roe Inc. now owns 15,449 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $686,000 after buying an additional 75 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Waldron LP boosted its position in shares of Metlife by 1.4% in the third quarter. Waldron LP now owns 6,177 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $274,000 after buying an additional 88 shares in the last quarter. 74.92% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) opened at 51.27 on Monday. Metlife Inc has a one year low of $36.17 and a one year high of $58.09. The firm has a market capitalization of $55.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 81.38 and a beta of 1.65. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $52.67 and its 200 day moving average price is $52.48. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 1st. The financial services provider reported $1.28 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.34 by $0.06. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The firm had revenue of $12.08 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $17.34 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.23 EPS. The company’s revenue was down 29.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Metlife Inc will post $5.29 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/st-johns-investment-management-company-llc-has-907000-position-in-metlife-inc-met.html. A number of brokerages recently weighed in on MET. TheStreet raised Metlife from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. decreased their price objective on Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research lowered Metlife from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. Wells Fargo & Co restated a “buy” rating on shares of Metlife in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Finally, Citigroup Inc assumed coverage on Metlife in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. They set a “sell” rating and a $51.00 price objective for the company. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $55.57. In other news, Director James M. Kilts purchased 17,205 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The shares were acquired at an average price of $51.13 per share, with a total value of $879,691.65. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,039,320.59. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director James M. Kilts purchased 2,795 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $54.17 per share, for a total transaction of $151,405.15. Following the purchase, the director now directly owns 41,951 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,272,485.67. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Corporate insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. Metlife Company Profile MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metlife Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Boston Advisors LLC Lowers Stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Benin Management CORP Has $833,000 Position in CSX Co. (CSX) Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Shares Bought by Patten & Patten Inc. TN Boston Advisors LLC Sells 15,870 Shares of Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Monsanto Company (MON) Shares Sold by Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Cuts Position in Metlife Inc (MET) St. Johns Investment Management Company LLC Has $907,000 Position in Metlife Inc (MET) Adeptus Health (ADPT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.25 American Electric Power Company (AEP) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.16 Alliance Data Systems (ADS) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Axovant Sciences Ltd (AXON) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sell Rating for W W Grainger Inc (GWW) GGP’s (GGP) Equal Weight Rating Reiterated at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Boosts GNC Holdings Inc (GNC) Price Target to $7.00 AT&T Inc. (T) Research Coverage Started at SunTrust Banks, Inc. Rudolph Technologies Inc (RTEC) Lifted to Buy at Dougherty & Co Teledyne Technologies Incorporated (TDY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Workday Inc (WDAY) Director Sells $726,153.12 in Stock Andrew Miles Snyder Sells 42,500 Shares of Blucora Inc (BCOR) Stock David W. Kemper Sells 13,973 Shares of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Stock Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. Cuts Position in Metlife Inc (MET) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. reduced its stake in Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) by 2.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 13,280 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 350 shares during the period. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co.’s holdings in Metlife were worth $701,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Jolley Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 15.1% in the first quarter. Jolley Asset Management LLC now owns 85,410 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $4,511,000 after buying an additional 11,174 shares in the last quarter. Vicus Capital boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 39.7% in the first quarter. Vicus Capital now owns 13,926 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $736,000 after buying an additional 3,961 shares in the last quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 0.4% in the first quarter. Lodestar Investment Counsel LLC IL now owns 375,765 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $19,848,000 after buying an additional 1,666 shares in the last quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 5.2% in the first quarter. Farmers & Merchants Investments Inc. now owns 121,547 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,420,000 after buying an additional 6,017 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware boosted its stake in shares of Metlife by 2.4% in the first quarter. Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware now owns 40,694 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,149,000 after buying an additional 942 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.92% of the company’s stock. Shares of Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET) opened at 51.27 on Monday. Metlife Inc has a 52 week low of $36.17 and a 52 week high of $58.09. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $52.67 and its 200-day moving average is $52.48. The stock has a market capitalization of $55.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 81.38 and a beta of 1.65. Metlife (NYSE:MET) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The financial services provider reported $1.28 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.34 by $0.06. The firm earned $12.08 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $17.34 billion. Metlife had a net margin of 1.30% and a return on equity of 7.17%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 29.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.23 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Metlife Inc will post $5.29 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/duff-phelps-investment-management-co-cuts-position-in-metlife-inc-met.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on MET shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Metlife from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Thursday. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Metlife in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Metlife from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on shares of Metlife from $57.00 to $54.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Vetr cut shares of Metlife from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.49 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eight have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Metlife currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $55.57. In other news, Director James M. Kilts acquired 2,795 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were bought at an average price of $54.17 per share, for a total transaction of $151,405.15. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 41,951 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,272,485.67. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, Director James M. Kilts acquired 17,205 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $51.13 per share, for a total transaction of $879,691.65. Following the acquisition, the director now directly owns 59,443 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,039,320.59. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.27% of the company’s stock. Metlife Company Profile MetLife, Inc is a provider of life insurance, annuities, employee benefits and asset management. The Company’s segments include U.S.; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA); MetLife Holdings; Brighthouse Financial, and Corporate & Other. Its U.S. segment is organized into Group Benefits, Retirement and Income Solutions and Property & Casualty businesses. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MET? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Metlife Inc (NYSE:MET). Receive News & Ratings for Metlife Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metlife Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 93/4 (28) - PAK 407/10 (138.4) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Technology News US STOCKS-Wall St looks set to rally as French vote worries ease Shares1 Mon, 24 Apr 2017-06:29pm , Reuters The Nasdaq was poised to open at a record high on Monday, with other indexes likely to rally, as investors breathed a sigh of relief after Centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French election. Polls showed pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote on May 7, quelling some fears of a breakup of the Eurozone after Britain's shock exit vote last year. While European stocks headed for their best day in two years, gold prices tumbled amid an unwinding of safe-haven trades. "The markets are in a strong rebound as the expectations of the first round of the French elections results were pleasing," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. Dow e-minis were up 218 points, or 1.06 percent, at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) with 42,017 contracts changing hands. S&P 500 e-minis were up 27.25 points, or 1.16 percent, with 291,485 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 62.25 points, or 1.14 percent, on volume of 45,052 contracts. U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet and Microsoft due to report results. Even as tensions in North Korea, the French election and a flagging "Trump trade" have weighed on sentiment in recent weeks investors have held on, encouraged by a strong showing in the first-quarter earnings season. Upbeat earnings at company that have reported so far have increased profit growth expectations. Overall profit for S&P 500 companies is now estimated to have risen 11.2 percent in the first quarter, compared with the 10.1 percent forecast at the start of the earnings season, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 76 percent of the S&P companies that had reported results until Friday beat earnings expectations. Wall Street closed lower, but well off session-lows on Friday after President Donald Trump said he would have a "big announcement" on tax reforms on Wednesday. Shares of big U.S. banks, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan rose over 2 percent in premarket trading on Monday. The S&P 500 financial sector had been the broader index's biggest underperformer last week as investors favored safe-haven assets amid geopolitical risks. Hasbro surged 5.7 percent after the toymaker reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Shares of rival Mattel were up about 1 percent. Device maker C R Bard jumped more than 19 percent to $302 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson just broke US spaceflight record! Sci/Tech Samsung promises software update for Galaxy S8's red-tinted screen Sci/Tech This is why Apple’s Tim Cook wanted to delete Uber from the App Store Sci/Tech LG introduces the G6 in India at Rs 51,990: Specifications, offers and more! Sci/Tech Now, drones used to collect info from volcanic plume Sci/Tech LG G6 to launch in India today: Everything you need to know Live Cricket Score Live WI 93/4 (28), 286/10 (95) PAK 407/10 (138.4) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related WikiLeaks: 31-page 'alleged' code for CIA device that can use Samsung TVs to spy released Supply ship named for John Glenn arrives at the International Space Station #EarthDayWithDNA: The clock is ticking and you need to act now Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags Donald Trump Emmanuel Macron Bank of America Becton Dickinson Goldman Sachs Hasbro Marine Le Pen Mattel Microsoft North Korea Thomson Reuters S&P U. S. Bard Britain JPMorgan Peter Cardillo Thomson Reuters I/B/E Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Govt assures action for 'cold-blooded murder' in Sukma Ukraine cuts power supply to separatist region, blaming unpaid debts Afghanistan pitches for efforts to combat terrorism 30 sovereign jewels, cash stolen from house in Erode Opposition-backed bandh in TN, Stalin held in Tiruvarur Sport Younis draws praise post 10,000 Test runs landmark Harikrishna goes down against Kramnik at Shamkir Chess 2017 Focus on Ghosal, Chinappa, Pallikal at Asian Squash meet Rugby-Lions omission will "eat away" at Haskell, says Wasps Young AIBA withdraws support but Amir bullish about India league Entertainment Aamir receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award from RSS chief Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan to get MARRIED by this year end! Farhan Akhtar and Adhuna Bhabani are officially DIVORCED now Sonakshi Sinha BREAKS SILENCE about performing at the Justin Bieber concert in India! Elton John cancels Las Vegas gig following hospitalisation Money Rupee rallies to 3-week high at 64.27 vs USD in late morning JLL sells India housing brokerage to former country head BHEL's largest Rs 10K-cr power project in Bangladesh takes off Amec Foster Wheeler reports bigger-than-expected FY pretax loss Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sections Sections HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Content Type News Features Insights Videos Magazine Partners & Supplier Directory More from HR Grapevine #HRGV2017 Conference Events Jobs Follow HR Grapevine on... LinkedIn Twitter Facebook YouTube Our Communities Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry More about EG EG Corporate HR Operations Leadership Compensation & Benefits Learning Resourcing Partners & Suppliers More Executive Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Introducing Business Grapevine Online Services eGOLD Recruitment eGOLD Business Leaders Update Business Entry News Features Insights Videos Magazine Events Jobs Follow Us Goldman Sachs introduces real-time performance reviews Mon, 24 Apr 2017 7:35am BST News Emily Douglas HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Goldman Sachs is set to introduce a new way of monitoring performance reviews, initiating a system which gives staff the power to send and receive reviews throughout the year. The real-time feedback platform, Ongoing Feedback360+, was brought in following advice from employees who told management that they wanted more frequent interaction with their superiors – Bloomberg reports. Edith Cooper, Global Head of Human Capital Management at the bank, said of the new system: “I am confident that Ongoing Feedback360+ will have a direct and positive impact on the professional growth and experience of our people.” The publication reports that Goldman Sachs is just the latest firm to introduce the revolutionary measures, taking advantage of technology which can bring employees and their employer closer. JPMorgan have already initiated a similar mobile technology tool which allows co-workers to send and receive instant critiques. Women's careers: What helps? What hinders? 10Eighty is delighted to sponsor Gill Amos’s research into what helps and what hinders women’s... Read more David Hargrave, Director at Willis Towers Watson, recently spoke to HR Grapevine to explain why HR departments need to place more trust in emerging tech. "HR must embrace change and meet the expectations of its modern workforce. One of our multi-national clients with a quarter of a million global staff recently adopted a model to bring more visibility to employee compensation and market pricing at a global level, and to prevent duplication such as salary surveys being purchased from multiple vendors locally. “The new centralised system enabled far quicker access to relevant market information and brought efficiency to modelling, budgeting and overall control of the pay review process.” Add Comments Most Read Across HR Grapevine In Learning 1 The 10 most hated office buzzwords 12/04/2017 518 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 The top 5 unhealthiest UK cities to work in 20/04/2017 157 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 United Airlines CEO defends worker who dragged customer off flight 11/04/2017 24 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 Top 5 embarrassing workplace accidents revealed 20/04/2017 102 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 The cost of workplace coffee addiction revealed 19/04/2017 152 4 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 Historic day for LGBT employees' workplace rights 05/04/2017 10 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 Firm to embed microchips into workers to monitor them 04/04/2017 17 4 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 How HR will be affected by today's legislative changes 06/04/2017 47 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 Theresa May calls snap general election: The value of unity 18/04/2017 37 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 7 intense interview Qs Google had to stop asking candidates 21/04/2017 83 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 1 Why aren't we asking for help at work? 19/04/2017 68 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 2 3 ways to keep overqualified employees happy 20/04/2017 65 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 3 Pride, Prejudice & HR Tech 6 Group HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 4 7 rules of engagement PageTiger HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 5 Facebook takes on Slack: HR must embrace automation 19/04/2017 11 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 6 How to create a supportive & nurturing work environment 05/04/2017 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 7 Training Day: Will the new T-level make the grade? 12/04/2017 1 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 Why you should be networking Berwick Partners HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 9 Training Day: 8 reasons HR should team-build with wheelchair basketball 29/03/2017 3 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 The power of learning from failure 10Eighty HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Guide to Learning Technology & Training The future of learning tech HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How MBNA increased employee engagement from 52% to 88% HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Strength in difference: transforming a workforce with diversity training HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Getting learning technologies right HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd The changing face of HR HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Learning Transfer takes centre stage… HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Delivering targeted, on-demand training to 30,000 global employees HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 10 tips for successfully purchasing automated training software HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Important tips for engaging programme design HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Get ahead of the game by registering now Submit Example Newsletter Remind me later * By registering you agree that you have read and agree to our Terms and Conditions and that Executive Grapevine International Ltd and its partners may contact you regarding relevant content and products. Related Insights Make your presentations even more amazing! March 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Women's careers: What helps? What hinders? March 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Harnessing Transferable Skills February 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Pride, Prejudice & HR Tech March 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Developing leaders to reinvent your organisation February 2017 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Follow us on Twitter Follow @HRGrapevine Follow us on LinkedIn Magazine Features Why learning technology is becoming more like Netflix April 2017 There was a time when watching a film at... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 48% of employees don't want to get up for work in the morning April 2017 The productivity problem is an issue that... HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Like us on Facebook Read More 3 ways to keep overqualified employees happy 20/04/2017 News 65 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 8 signs you're a bad manager - even if you haven't realised it yet 31/03/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd How to refocus your mind after a stressful morning... 28/03/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd 94 year-old McDonald's worker on why her role is 'more than a job' 28/03/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Why you should let your staff nap this afternoon 27/03/2017 News 2 HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd State pension age may rise to 70 - what does this mean for HR? 23/03/2017 News HR Grapevine HR Grapevine | Executive Grapevine International Ltd Executive Grapevine HR Grapevine Recruitment Grapevine Business Grapevine Client Login Find Recruiters eGOLD Recruitment Marketing Data eGOLD Business Leaders For Recruiters Update Business Entry © 1979-2017 Executive Grapevine International Ltd Corporate Contact Us Our Team Terms & Conditions Data Licensing Cookie Policy Privacy Legal Media Centre
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 58-72 We set you thinking Tuesday 25 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors 1493102737 World Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says 1493102698 Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman 1493102500 Business LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure 1493101566 China&India Endangered crested ibis chick hatched in China after mother bird undergoes artificial insemination 1493102509 World North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill 1493102508 Business Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay 1493101946 Singapore SLA takes legal possesion of 3 landed homes on Merpati Road 1493096100 Singapore Vandals hit UOB branch at Rochor 1493101906 World Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South 1493101013 World Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police 1493099907 Sports FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations 1493064120 Business Looming risks subdue Asia stock investors after stellar quarter 1493092658 Business Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood 1493099571 World US submarine makes South Korea port call, North remains defiant 1493086260 China&India Resistance is futile: China’s conquest plan for robot industry 1493084460 Singapore Construction projects using new technologies to quadruple by 2020 1493064120 Business Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo 1493098178 Business Lippo unit buys S$15m Healthway convertible notes 1493064120 Singapore No-frills international schools a hit with budget-conscious expats 1493064120 Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix 1493092260 Entertainment Rui En explains herself to elderly couple 1493027760 Commentary School mergers: More questions than answers 1493064120 Singapore NTU’s new sports hall is first SEA mega building built using innovative green tech 1493018460 Tech Hands on with the Samsung S8+ 1493089560 Daily Focus No longer a dream: Silicon Valley takes on the flying car 1493088960 World Turkish military says struck PKK targets in Iraq's Sinjar, northeastern Syria 1493097319 Business East Coast refiners eye Texas oil as North Dakota alternative 1493097197 Singapore Cheaper, cleaner electricity for households on the cards 1493064120 Business Not an inside job: How two analysts became SEC whistleblowers 1493096730 World Parties in France unite against Le Pen 1493095009 Singapore Teen who died in goalpost mishap dreamt of becoming pro footballer 1493043660 Business For Wells Fargo directors, narrow wins may not be enough 1493093984 World South Korea envoy says discussed ways to gain China, Russia help on North Korea 1493093258 World China says fewer graft suspects fleeing as controls stepped up 1493093394 China&India China’s cosmetic surgery boom doesn’t look pretty when it comes to profits 1493092560 World Thousands stage ANZAC Day memorials in Australia, New Zealand and Thailand 1493092484 Voices Praise for teachers at Crest Secondary School 1493091710 Sports FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ 1493038440 World Venezuela death toll rises as unrest enters fourth week 1493089896 Entertainment Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre 1493006520 Business Ready for take-off? China's answer to Boeing now just needs to sell 1493076132 Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis 1493087511 Business Trump's push to fund wall may be delayed as government shutdown looms 1493085614 World Pilgrims to fly in style with Malaysia Airlines’ six Haj charter jets 1493085408 World Hollande urges French to reject Le Pen in presidential run-off vote 1493067568 World Chile rocked by 6.9-magnitude quake; no major damage reported 1493079560 China&India Converting coal would help China’s smog at climate’s expense 1493082060 World Aviation officer gives his version of United flight removal 1493081808 World Trump to sign orders on oil drilling, national monuments 1493081513 Business French election results catapult Wall Street higher; Nasdaq sets record Traders work on the floor of the NYSE in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:30 PM, April 24, 2017 Updated: 6:15 AM, April 25, 2017 NEW YORK - U.S. stocks rallied on Monday, tracking a relief rally that swept through Asian and European markets, after centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French presidential election. Pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote on May 7 according to polls, which were mostly right about the first-round results. "This alleviates fears that we were going to have to navigate a French exit (from) the European Union," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. "This is a classic relief rally showing up most in financials," he said. "We cleared this hurdle and now it's a little bit more clear running." European banks <.SX7E> jumped 7.4 percent while banks on the S&P 500 <.SPXBK> added 2.8 percent. The moves across markets point to an unwinding of bets taken in the past few days when traders had turned defensive ahead of the French election. The Dow Jones Industrial Average <.DJI> rose 216.13 points, or 1.05 percent, to 20,763.89, the S&P 500 <.SPX> gained 25.46 points, or 1.08 percent, to 2,374.15 and the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 73.30 points, or 1.24 percent, to 5,983.82. MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> gained 1.56 percent to 453.5 after touching a record high of 453.7. U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet <GOOGL.O> and Microsoft <MSFT.O>, due to report results this week. "Earnings are coming in better than expected and this is for a quarter where estimates were pretty tight. We didn't see much pullback with estimates in the course of the quarter, so expectations were high and we're beating them," said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities in New York. Of the 100 S&P 500 companies that have reported results so far, 77 percent have beaten profit expectations, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. This has helped lift the blended profit growth estimates to 11 percent from 10 percent at the start of the earnings season. Medical device maker C R Bard <BCR.N> jumped almost 20 percent to $302.41 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson <BDX.N> said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. Defensive trades suffered as traders embraced risk. Spot gold <XAU=> dropped 0.6 percent to $1,276.10 an ounce. The safe-haven Japanese yen weakened 0.58 percent versus the greenback at 109.73 per dollar. The CBOE Volatility index <.VIX> ended at 10.84, its lowest since Feb. 14. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 2.47-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 2.61-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 72 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 191 new highs and 43 new lows. About 6.8 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, above the 6.3 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players ‘Recession-proof’ student housing attracts Singapore investors Yahoo's first-quarter revenue jumps 22 percent World Bank's Kim says Trump likes lender's private capital plans World Bank Group, China-led AIIB agree to deepen cooperation White House's Cohn says 'fair trade' means reciprocal tariffs Western Digital would consider Japan partners for Toshiba chip unit bid Wells Fargo tests Facebook chatbot Wells Fargo has satisfactory 'living will' plan: Fed Wells Fargo expands settlement to include more customer accounts Wells Fargo board pays price for letting whistleblowers whistle in the wind Inside Today World Hungarian ruling party lawmaker charged with graft: prosecutors Roadside bomb kills at least 10 people in minibus, Pakistan official says North Korea marks military anniversary with firing drill Reports of North Korea artillery drill as U.S. submarine docks in South Kenya bus, tanker crash kills 24: police Business Mitsubishi and Nissan full merger is not an option: chairman Credit Suisse investors prepare to grill chairman Rohner over pay LVMH, Arnault to simplify Christian Dior business structure Asia stocks near two-year high, euro steady as French vote lifts mood Toshiba to start taking bids in June for its Swiss unit Landis+Gyr: Kyodo Sports Roberta Vinci disagrees with Maria Sharapova’s wildcard return to tennis FAS has no control over how NFL clubs run jackpot operations FAS’ financial practices ‘are sound, but donation policy needed’ Pacquaio: title fight against Jeff Horn will show I’m still a global force Sharapova’s ready for hostile reception when she returns from ban this week Entertainment OneRepublic and Duran Duran among headliners to perform at 2017 Singapore Grand Prix Weird clouds may have inspired The Scream, say scientists Rui En explains herself to elderly couple Pop singers, award-winning filmmakers contribute to opening of the Singapore Chinese Cultural Centre Musicians in aquariums make sounds in a silent world About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
BREAKING NEWS: Palm sees sharpest dip in 1 wk on stronger ringgit, output concerns … Benchmark JGBs edge higher, underpinned by liquidity auction … PSL scandal allege Nasir Jamshed challenges PCB … PSO better in 9MFY17 … Lucky Cement 9MFY17: Steady performance … Climate Change Act: Cautious optimism … Nishat Mills troublesome 3Q … GSK healthy as ever … Doom again for PMPKL … South Africa fast bowler charged for match-fixing … Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper AAJ Live Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » JP Morgan hires Mallgrave as part of cash equities push Banking & Finance JP Morgan hires Mallgrave as part of cash equities push Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Apr 24th, 2017 17:53 0 LONDON: JP Morgan has hired Matt Mallgrave from Credit Suisse to head its cash equities trading in the Americas and made several other senior staff changes as part of a push to strengthen in cash equities. JP Morgan has said it wants to expand in cash equities, which is the only major area of investment banking it is not in the top three positions, according to analysis firm Coalition. Coalition ranks it between four and six in the business. JP Morgan said on Monday Mallgrave will join in June from Credit Suisse, where he was head of Americas equity flow trading since April 2016. He was previously at Goldman Sachs for 17 years, where he had senior roles in cash equities in the US and Asia. The bank said Dennis Fitzgerald, previously global co-head of cash equities trading, will become sole head of the business. His previous co-head, Luiz de Salvo, will relocate to London and become head of EMEA cash equity sales and trading. Tim Johnston will continue as head of EMEA Cash Equity Trading, reporting to de Salvo locally and to Fitzgerald globally. Mallgrave will report to Fitzgerald. JP Morgan had to adjust its senior equities team in September after Tim Throsby, its head of equities, left to run Barclays' corporate and business bank. The US bank named Jason Sippel and Mark Leung as co-heads of equities, and made a series of other appointments, including making Fitzgerald and de Salvo co-heads of cash equities trading. Throsby built up JP Morgan's equities business, including cash equities, where it was late to invest in its electronic trading platform. The bank is in the top three for equities, helped by leading positions in derivatives, but said it needs to continue its push in cash equities to break into the top three - - currently Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America Merrill Lynch. The bank announced other changes. Michael Bossidy, previously head of equities sales for the Americas, will expand his role to become head of cash equity sales globally. Ryan Holsheimer, previously head of cash equity sales for Asia-Pacific, will become head of cash equity sales and trading for the region. On the derivatives side, Bregje de Best and Sreenivas Jayaraman will expand their roles to become co-heads of APAC equity derivatives sales and marketing.   Copyright Reuters, 2017  Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Oil recovers some ground, rise in US drilling caps gains Next Emerging stocks, FX jump as French vote whets risk appetite Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Buy direct from China free shipping trade platform. Quinceanera Dress LED Replacement headlight bulb Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Wall St looks set to rally as French vote worries ease By Reuters Published: 08:55 EDT, 24 April 2017 | Updated: 08:55 EDT, 24 April 2017 e-mail By Yashaswini Swamynathan April 24 (Reuters) - The Nasdaq was poised to open at a record high on Monday, with other indexes likely to rally, as investors breathed a sigh of relief after Centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French election. Polls showed pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote on May 7, quelling some fears of a breakup of the Eurozone after Britain's shock exit vote last year. While European stocks headed for their best day in two years, gold prices tumbled amid an unwinding of safe-haven trades. "The markets are in a strong rebound as the expectations of the first round of the French elections results were pleasing," Peter Cardillo, chief market economist at First Standard Financial wrote in a note. Dow e-minis were up 218 points, or 1.06 percent, at 8:30 a.m. ET (1230 GMT) with 42,017 contracts changing hands. S&amp;P 500 e-minis were up 27.25 points, or 1.16 percent, with 291,485 contracts traded. Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 62.25 points, or 1.14 percent, on volume of 45,052 contracts. U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&amp;P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet and Microsoft due to report results. Even as tensions in North Korea, the French election and a flagging "Trump trade" have weighed on sentiment in recent weeks investors have held on, encouraged by a strong showing in the first-quarter earnings season. Upbeat earnings at company that have reported so far have increased profit growth expectations. Overall profit for S&amp;P 500 companies is now estimated to have risen 11.2 percent in the first quarter, compared with the 10.1 percent forecast at the start of the earnings season, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. About 76 percent of the S&amp;P companies that had reported results until Friday beat earnings expectations. Wall Street closed lower, but well off session-lows on Friday after President Donald Trump said he would have a "big announcement" on tax reforms on Wednesday. Shares of big U.S. banks, including Bank of America, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan rose over 2 percent in premarket trading on Monday. The S&amp;P 500 financial sector had been the broader index's biggest underperformer last week as investors favored safe-haven assets amid geopolitical risks. Hasbro surged 5.7 percent after the toymaker reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Shares of rival Mattel were up about 1 percent. Device maker C R Bard jumped more than 19 percent to $302 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. (Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS No bikini top, no problem! Kim Kardashian flaunts her hourglass figure in high-cut swimwear with crop top while Kourtney wears cheeky thong  Oops she did it again! Bella Thorne flashes her pierced nipple in sheer top for another steamy selfie Penchant for leaving little to the imagination Still heavenly! Former Victoria's Secret Angel Doutzen Kroes shines bright in neon on beach shoot... and brings her family along Inside her desert oasis! Lady Gaga enjoys freebie stay at $12 million mansion while headlining Coachella Mediterranean mansion courtesy of Airbnb Her highness has arrived! Rihanna touches down in LA after defiantly sharing another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body Kim Kardashian says friends are 'fat shaming' her as she gives play-by-play of raunchy girls' trip to Mexico The 36-year-old mother-of-two took on Twitter Scott Disick takes mystery woman for a ride in Mercedes... as his babymama flaunts her bikini body The star picked up the Khloé lookalike The perks of plastic surgery! Kourtney Kardashian, 38, proudly parades her enhanced chest in tiny bikini on break away from her three kids Taking care of business... Kylie Jenner shares racy videos of herself stripping down to her underwear and trying out her new lipstick on Snapchat Tom Hardy grabs 'moped thief' after chasing him through gardens and building site then proudly announcing 'I caught the c***!'  'You're an incredibly arrogant man!' Julius and Harry lock horns over Ella while Ollie offers pregnancy tips to Binky and JP in Made In Chelsea Radiant! Anne Hathaway shows off her natural beauty in white broderie anglaise dress  at book launch Oscar-winning actress kept her make-up light  How Coachella A-listers party! Headliners Kendrick Lamar and Lady Gaga shack up in MULTI-MILLION DOLLAR Airbnbs...and all for free Elton John, 70, cancels Las Vegas shows after intensive care battle with 'potentially deadly' bacterial infection Made him 'violently ill' on a flight  Katie Holmes pairs white lace pants with navy cardigan for Chanel dinner during Tribeca 38-year-old actress She won't crack! Defiant Lucy Mecklenburgh shakes her perky bottom in TINY denim hot-pants... after hitting back at 'skinny-shaming' trolls . 'That was deeply disturbing': Emmerdale viewers horrified as Pierce rapes Rhona on their wedding day... but others praise the soap  . Halle Berry and Channing Tatum get ready for action in FIRST TRAILER for Kingsman: The Golden Circle The film is a sequel to the 2015 comedy Ouch! Elle Fanning has bandage wrapped around head as she shares a giggle with Peter Dinklage on set of I Think We're Alone Now Brad Pitt looks gaunt in a grey bomber jacket before riding off on BMW motorcycle in LA Brad Pitt was spotted looking rather lean New romance? Hailey Baldwin is a biker beauty in a leather jacket and combat boots as she joins Cameron Dallas for lunch at Urth Caffe PICTURED: Unairbrushed Kim Kardashian busts out of her skimpy bikini in candid snaps from beach break with the girls  Is she being grumpy or bashful? Khloe Kardashian hides her famous features behind red handbag as she goes to cosmetic surgery centre Leggy look! Joanna Krupa puts on stunning display in tiny blue romper as she lunches in Los Angeles The Miami-based blonde model  Beyonce and Jay Z put in $120m bid for new 30,000sqft Bel Air mansion with a 15-car garage, servants' quarters and bulletproof windows Seeing red! Bella Hadid dons vibrant hat as she goes hell for leather with edgy trousers and Chanel bag in NYC Petra Nemcova gets leggy in sparkly high-low gown for Tumi event at Tribeca Film Festival The 37-year-old philanthropist  'You were biased!' Stephanie Davis accuses fellow mum Holly Willoughby of 'not sticking up for her' in awkward This Morning chat . Her own best advert! Eva Longoria wears her own fashion line as she arrives back in Los Angeles...after dispelling pregnancy rumours Girl next door! Kendall Jenner ditches the glamour as she rocks simple T-shirt and cropped pants for studio visit in LA 'You are just pure class': Shania Twain gushes over singer Vanessa Ferguson as Top 12 perform live on The Voice US Eye-catching! Chloe Sevigny turns heads in lime green patterned dress at The Dinner premiere in NYC Cinched at the waist with a black belt  Final countdown for Carol Vorderman as she knocks £100,000 off the asking price of her £2.6m Somerset home as it fails to sell  Sheer delight! Viola Davis beams while catching departing flight in transparent top at Los Angeles airport The 51-year-old actress was a sheer delight  Coco Austin puts bountiful cleavage on display in clinging dress as she cuddles Ice-T at I Am Evidence premiere Managed to steal plenty of the spotlight  'I'm OK': Heather Morris receives perfect scores but still gets eliminated from ABC's Dancing With The Stars The 30-year-old actress wowed with routine Gretchen Mol looks pretty in peplum pencil dress for Soho Rep Spring Gala The two-time SAG Award winner  'The queen!' Allison Williams can't contain her excitement as she raves about meeting 'pitch perfect' idol Celine Dion Katie Holmes keeps it casual in long coat and baggy jeans while out in New York... days after celebrating daughter Suri's birthday in Miami Madonna biopic Blond Ambition, focusing on her years of struggle in the 1980s, picked up by Universal Pop icon's rise to fame three decades ago  Pasta la vista! Ryan Gosling grabs breakfast at his favorite Italian restaurant Little Dom's in Los Angeles The Oscar-nominated actor went casual Christina and Tarek El Moussa BOTH sign on for Flip Or Flop season 8... as divorcing exes make joint appearance in Las Vegas Jennifer Lopez reveals she made the first move after spotting Alex Rodriguez at lunch... but insists she didn't sleep with him on first date Sofia Richie looks sporty in designer athletic apparel as she steps out with mystery male friend She wore revealing outfits for her wild trip 'Tramp!' Kim Kardashian bursts into Scott Disick's hotel room to confront him during Dubai trip in tense clip from KUWTK Gorgeous Nicky Hilton Rothschild stuns in polka dot jumpsuit for a charity gala in New York City with husband James Rothschild Sheer madness! Emma Roberts dazzles in see-through dress as she steps out at the 39th Annual American Image Awards Busting out in NYC! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and toned tummy for photo shoot on streets of Big Apple Feed me Seymour! Ageless Jane, 66, looks lovely in floral dress as she shows off hungry son Johnny Keach at charity dinner in Nashville 'The old me is dead!' Slim Lisa Riley 'couldn't stop' looking at her naked body after skin removal op... but admits she suffered horrific infection Faye Dunaway admits she feels 'very guilty' as she speaks out for the first time about her Oscar best picture disaster with Warren Beatty What a view! Ashley Graham poses up a storm while modelling her own sexy underwear against Montreal skyline All smiles! America Ferrera wears pretty floral-themed sleeveless frock as she is feted at NAB in Las Vegas Showed off  toned figure Busty bombshell! Kara Del Toro flashes side boob in plunging white dress at Genius screening in Los Angeles What Lady Gaga really looks like: Make-up free diva arrives on set of A Star Is Born after Coachella  The singer rolled up with no make-up  Speculation brews over Russell Crowe and Terri Irwin romance after magazine claims the actor is renovating his Nana Glen property ready ahead of move EXCLUSIVE: 'It was a hard decision for them to make': The Saturdays star Vanessa White splits from boyfriend Gary Salter after six years MIC's Stephanie Pratt admits she 'had no idea' her brother Spencer was expecting a baby with wife Heidi... and reveals ex Joey Essex 'hates her' EXCLUSIVE: 'It's becoming a horrible circle of hate': Lucy Mecklenburgh vows to promote body positivity as she blasts trolls after being 'skinny-shamed'  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Cara Delevingne undergoes shocking transformation as she shaves her head to play a dying woman for dramatic new role in Life In A Year  Defiant Tamara Ecclestone divides her followers as she posts ANOTHER photo of herself breastfeeding daughter Sophia, 3 Like mother, like daughter! Coco Austin and 16-month-old Chanel don cute matching yoga outfits in sweet Instagram snap Stephen Belafonte is GRANTED heavily monitored visitation rights with daughter Madison... after Mel B claimed he 'is a danger to kids because of his links to PORN industry' Mimi showed diamonds were still a girl's best friend. Jamie Laing's conduct suggested 'inappropriate fondling' was more likely on MIC  Busty Ashley James sets pulses racing in plunging playsuit as she joins stunningly chic Roxie Nafousi for VIP make-up event Shrimp extract, kelp and £400 face creams: The expensive lotions and potions inside Catherine Zeta-Jones' bathroom cabinet 'I want to know that the orgasms are real': Rashida Jones details her PORN preferences, as she admits she has become 'pickier' about what she watches 'Everything has its end': 'Pregnant' Missé Beqiri attempts to cover her 'bump' in tiny bikini... as she CONFIRMS exit from The Real Housewives of Cheshire PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana a doting dad as he takes their baby son Eissa for a stroll in London Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen She's got a flare for fashion! Chloe Lewis is effortlessly cool in retro bell bottoms as she cosies up to new man Danny Flasher at Urban Decay bash Downcast La La Anthony covers up in pink hoodie as she steps out without wedding ring following split from NY Knicks player Carmelo Distracted Mel B skips Stephen Belafonte's visitation hearing... as she claims ex 'is a danger to their kids because of his criminal connections and links to PORN industry'  Casual cool! Nicky Hilton is relaxed in a sweater and jeans while taking a break from mommy duty She has had her hands full  'I spy a ring!': Stacey Solomon sends fans into a frenzy as she sports huge diamond on her fourth finger... sparking rumours she is engaged to Joe Swash Aaron Paul teams up with Emily Ratajkowski to play couple in Italian-set thriller Welcome Home The Emmy winner says he's a big 'fan' of the amply-charmed star Strength in stilettos: Crown Princess Mary looks chic in separates as she gets involved at a science and research festival in Copenhagen Pawfect day out! Winnie Harlow looks trendy in satin bomber jacket and skinny jeans as she stops by the puppy store to dote on adorable dogs In sync! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez match in black while hand-in-hand on second outing of the day in New York Leo has some competition! Nina Agdal reveals her bra in sheer top for night out with the new Dos Equis' Most Interesting Man Back to work! Amanda Seyfried returns to acting in Los Angeles after giving birth last month to baby girl The 31-year-old actress went back to work on Monday Simple elegance! Penelope Cruz layers a suede coat over a T-shirt and jeans as she presents research grant to childhood leukemia fund in Spain 'I've been punching above my weight for years!' Corrie's Andy Whyment talks of romance with stunning wife Nichola and the moment he knew she was 'the one' Glowing Alex Jones flaunts her slender post baby body in stylish figure-hugging ensemble after returning to The One Show following maternity leave 'I still don't entirely understand fame': Ireland Baldwin rocks dizzying outfit for Marie Claire Mexico... but admits to struggling with life in limelight Meet the legends! Dustin Hoffman and Robert De Niro reunite on the red carpet at Tribeca Film Festival The two veteran actors posed side by side  Skating queen Jayne Torvill confirms Dancing On Ice WILL return to TV 'with refreshed look'... and is eyeing Steven Gerrard as first star signing Party's over! Gigi Hadid looks subdued in black as she steps out a day after 22nd birthday blowout bash Stepped out in a sexy all black ensemble  Market mover! Ariel Winter shows off ample assets in very plunging blazer suit at The New York Stock Exchange 'He was a huge part of our lives': Bananarama reveal the death of friend George Michael spurred them on to reunite as 'life's too bloody short' to miss the chance to tour Pregnant Serena Williams cannot stop giggling as she lounges in swimwear while gazing at fiancé Alexis Ohanian during Mexican babymoon  Having a good run! Reese Witherspoon shows off svelte figure in sports gear as she goes for jog.... after teasing possible new season of Big Little Lies 'Kash is going home today': Kim Zolciak announces four-year-old son who had surgery after dog bite is out of the hospital 'She'll face the challenges of being a single parent': Ferne McCann confirms she's pregnant with ex Arthur Collins after he's charged for acid attack Leading lady Katherine Jenkins is the picture of class in chiffon maxi dress as she heads home from another dazzling performance in Carousel Iskra Lawrence shows off her famous hourglass curves in bardot crop top and skimpy briefs as she sexily dances in playful Instagram video 'It's petty to talk about money when we are talking about genocide': Producers of big-budget movie The Promise aren't worried about paltry $4.1m opening  Rita Ora pays tribute to George Michael in a motif tee as she leaves restaurant amid claims she was a 'threesome target' for Mel B and Stephen Belafonte Fashionable flyer! Heidi Klum shows a bit of skin in an open shoulder silk bomber jacket as she arrives at LAX 'Being naked had no effect on me': Andie MacDowell opens up about first nude scene at 59 NOT model behavior! Furious Suicide Squad fans claim Cara Delevingne's body was edited to look SLIMMER using before and after images as evidence MIC's Georgia Toffolo sizzles in barely-there lingerie for sexy snap... as co-star Mark-Francis snidely hints at trouble with her beau Sam Prince Kate Moss shows her passion for fashion won't be dampened as she soldiers through the rain in a stylish black jumpsuit on luxe shopping spree Queen Letizia shows off her maternal side as she cradles a newborn baby during a visit to the Canary Islands with husband King Felipe VI Zoe Saldana flaunts her slender figure in sexily sophisticated plunging black dress at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London 'I was slowly watching the man that I love... KILL himself' Stephanie Davis reveals her tumultuous romance with Jeremy McConnell is BACK ON 'Haters will say it's photoshop': Defiant Rihanna shares another image of the Queen superimposed onto her body after backlash Grey's Anatomy star Jesse Williams and wife Aryn Drake-Lee split after almost five years of marriage The actor and his real estate broker wife have filed for divorce 'Das B****CKS': Ed Sheeran shuts down rumours he 'will quit music to have a more normal life' with his girlfriend after his Divide World Tour 'It's so strange to be back!' Glowing Alex Jones makes a triumphant return to The One Show following maternity leave as she reunites with co-host Matt Baker 'Chillin' With The Homies': Lily Collins looks laidback as she shows off her tiny waist in knotted top and black joggers after gym trip When three becomes two: Mel B claims ex-nanny Lorraine Gilles 'crossed a line' with her husband Stephen Belafonte as duo 'would have sex without her' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Wright films her final scenes for TOWIE... after being seen in public with love interest Rio Ferdinand for the first time  Professor Green credits girlfriend Fae with stopping him 'disappearing into depression' after he returns to hospital due to complications from hernia operation Kinky boots: Bethenny Frankel struts around New York City in racy red high-heels The 46-year-old Skinnygirl entrepreneur documented her day on Instagram Stories Now that's How To Be A Latin Lover! Salma Hayek wears sexy red dress as she dances with co-star Eugenio Derbez to promote new movie Millie Mackintosh is reunited with beau Hugo Taylor in London... after enjoying her sixth getaway of the year in Monaco Strike a pose! Taye Diggs shows off physique in corset with cone bra as he channels Madonna on Lip Sync Battle Leggy Lea Michele wears billowing white dress on This Morning and killer heels as she evades Phillip Schofield's question about Cory Monteith   Ex-Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sets pulses racing with extremely peachy belfie in a thong bikini Gave a mooney to the mirror  Mark Wright plots RAP DUET with pal James Argent to perform at Lauren Goodger engagement bash in cringe TOWIE throwback Coronation Street's Brooke Vincent works rock chic while footballer beau Kean Bryan is sartorially in sync as they enjoy lunch date Casey Batchelor flaunts her ample curves in bondage style bikini as she enjoys a dip in the ocean while on Dominican Republic break  (Punk) rock with you: Paris Jackson sports heavy eyeliner and plaid miniskirt on the set of her new project Shooting a mystery project 'He's a real man!' Brandi Glanville praises billionaire beau Donald Friese as she shares kissing snap from Coachella Couldn't keep her hands off her boyfriend Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid slips into a lace frock as she hotfoots it to the Health Star Awards with Charlotte Hawkins and Kate Garraway No moping here! Larsa Pippen heads off on bikini break after split from husband Scottie (and is soon smiling... with the help of her Kardashian BFFs) Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray goes completely nude in provocative snap as the pop star attends a church service  Klass-ic Myleene! Sartorially savvy star steps out in London in cream duster coat and rose gold trousers Myleene Klass, 39, put on a sartorially savvy display Natalie Portman shows off her sensational post-baby body as she is preened and pampered on photoshoot just TWO MONTHS after giving birth 'You gave me strength': Serena Williams pens sweet note to her unborn baby as she celebrates return to world number one while pregnant Perfect match! Hilary Swank and boyfriend Philip put on cozy display in plaid shirts and Adidas sneakers No Horror Story here! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters pack on the PDA in New York after Coachella trip The actress and her boyfriend went shopping  Caitlyn Jenner depicted as murderous 'It' clown in series of fake ads placed around Fox News studio ahead of Tucker Carlson interview New York chic! Karlie Kloss slips into turtleneck, wide trousers and Louis Vuitton purse for stroll around the city Coleen Rooney looks chic in leopard print sweatshirt as she arrives back in Manchester after going to watch Real Madrid match with son Kai Gordon Ramsay's daughter Tilly, 15, reveals her dad is a harsh critic of her cooking... as chef sends message wishing her well on TV appearance Ferne McCann's ex hobbles into court on crutches to face 14 charges of wounding in acid attack after he was Tasered and arrested in his UNDERPANTS Liam Gallagher steps out with his brother Paul in London... before getting his groove on with lookalike son Gene, 15, in fun Instagram snaps Frolicking together just weeks before horrific nightclub acid attack: Pregnant Ferne McCann and her ex-boyfriend Arthur Collins are pictured on holiday EXCLUSIVE: Ferne McCann covers up in a cap and loose clothes as she returns to Britain after the father of her unborn baby is charged over acid attack Caitlyn Jenner criticises Kris Jenner for voicing contempt about ex's new memoir (then says she does not watch her daughters' reality show that much) Lauryn Goodman slips into a plunging halterneck swimsuit as she enjoys a sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives Dakota Johnson puts on a stylish display in a red tea dress as she enjoys lunch date in LA with male pal Always chic Topless April Love Geary, 22, cheekily uses a pair of coconuts to hide her nudity as she luxuriates with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40, in the Maldives 'Kash is doing incredible': Kim Zolciak shares updates from son's hospital bedside after he receives 'traumatic injuries' in dog attack 'I feared not being believed': Abigail Breslin explains why she didn't report her rape while revealing she is still struggling with PTSD Nicky Hilton looks lithe in skinny jeans as she joins husband James Rothschild for NYC stroll with their baby Lily Seen taking their baby for a day out Jake Gyllenhaal shares an embrace with close friend Greta Caruso as they enjoy a night out with pals in New York  Put on a cosy display Soy in love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd cosy up on the backseat of a chauffeur-driven car as they roll out together for romantic sushi date 'Joan Crawford committed suicide': Mommie Dearest took her own life by overdosing on sleeping pills days after spending Mother's Day alone Emily Ratajkowski shows off sunkissed skin in a sweet patterned dress as she dines al fresco with rarely-seen boyfriend Jeff Magid Legend(ary) love! Besotted John lends leggy wife Chrissy Teigen his blazer as they coordinate for chilly dinner date in New York Dapper Chris Pratt cosies up to stunning wife Anna Faris as she slaps his bottom at Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in London Aloha! Besotted Keith Urban 'buys Nicole Kidman's childhood home' in Hawaii in the lead up to her 50th birthday Pregnant Bristol Palin happily shares photos of her daughter Sailor Grace after enjoying a visit from mom Sarah just two weeks before her due date  Mothers can't contain their excitement as it's announced that action star Chris Evans will become the next heartthrob to read a CBeebies bedtime story Pink-haired Pixie Lott wears fifty shades of brights while new mum Kimberley Walsh favours prints as stars attend the Heath Star Awards Pink-haired Cara Delevingne lays a steamy kiss on co-star Jaden Smith as they film playful scenes for teen movie Life In A Year in Toronto Slim Jennifer Garner heads to the beach in Malibu wearing workout gear amid claims she's 'ready to date again' after Ben Affleck divorce  Girls' night out! Tiffany Trump, 23, and mom Marla Maples, 53, wear matching leather pants as they attend a concert with friends in New York City 'This is my heritage. It's in my heart and veins': Princess Charlene of Monaco returns to her roots on an emotional visit to South Africa SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Shona Ramsey sports a bloodied face after being brutally mugged by two men and left unconscious Pregnant Danielle Lloyd nails maternity chic in stunning jumpsuit as son Archie plants loving kiss on her bump during Cheshire shopping trip Emmerdale's Zoe Henry bans kids from watching harrowing wedding rape scene... as she brands the topic 'more relevant than ever' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil recovers some ground, rise in U.S. drilling caps gains Business Standard European shares rally as French vote sparks rush into banks, industrials Reuters  |  MILAN/LONDON  April 24, 2017 Last Updated at 17:44 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UV2w0G ALSO READ Global Markets - European shares fall, sterling dives on Brexit comments Global Markets - European shares edge up as reflation trades questioned Global Markets - Dollar recoups losses, shares lower as banks weigh Global Markets: Clarity on Fed policy sought - stocks, dollar up in meantime Global Markets - UniCredit share issue lifts banks before Fed meeting By Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - Banks powered European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. Investors cheered the first-round results of France's presidential election in which centrist Emmanuel Macron took a big step towards leading his country, with polls now putting him comfortably ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 run-off. The outcome lessens the risk of an anti-establishment shock on the scale of UK's vote to quit the European Union and bolsters the case for closer ties between France and Germany. Europe's STOXX 600 index was up 2.1 percent by 1140 GMT, while Britain's FTSE added 1.8 percent and Germany's DAX hit a new record high, up 3 percent. "The clear reason for this rally is that European markets have been held back by political risk over the last 12 months," said Tim Stevenson, European equities fund manager at Henderson. Europe's main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index fell 7 points, wiping out the rapid surge it made this month when investors grew cautious in the run up to the French vote. The euro briefly vaulted to five-month peaks, and French bond yields fell to multi-month lows, halving the French/German two-year bond spread. Investors called for the market's focus to return to signs of improvement in European economies. "We decided early this morning to refocus our strategy on the very positive fundamentals in Europe, and to lift the protective overlays we had put in place on bond and stock futures," said Pascale Auclair, global head of investment at La Francaise Asset Management. "Nonetheless, we will remain vigilant going into the legislative elections," Auclair added. If he wins, Macron will need to secure a working parliamentary majority for his young party in June, and then seek broad popular support for labour reforms that are sure to meet resistance. BANKS, INDUSTRIALS DRIVE RISK-ON RALLY Shares in French companies and banks saw the biggest gains across the region with the euro zone's bank index rising 6.8 percent to its highest level in 16 months and Paris blue chips hitting their highest since April 2015, up 4.6 percent. The top eight gainers on the pan-European index were banks with UniCredit, Credit Agricole and Societe Generale leading the way, up 9.6 to 10.7 percent. Brokers including Goldman Sachs, Citi and Kepler Cheuvreux all came out heavily in favour of European banks on Monday morning. Industrials were also in demand with shares in French construction companies Saint-Gobain and Vinci soaring 7.3 percent and 6.6 percent respectively, as investors turned their focus to their earning prospects. "There was already a case for this sector before the election, but now we are looking beyond and back to fundamentals," says Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. Europe's construction and materials sector index was on course for its best daily gains since last November's U.S. election, up 3.4 percent. The rush into risky assets weighed on precious metal miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo which fell 2.7 percent and 0.9 percent respectively, as prices of gold, seen as a safe haven asset, fell more than 1 percent. Italy, considered to be especially vulnerable to an anti-European outcome of the French election, had the strongest rally after France. Italy's FTSE MIB soared 4 percent to its highest since January 2016, driven by strong gains in banks. Next up on investors' radars will be the slew of results poised to kick off European earnings season this week including heavyweight banks UBS and Credit Suisse. European first-quarter earnings are expected to rise 7.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Excluding the energy sector, this would be a rise of 2.9 percent. Meanwhile, some results on Monday cheered investors. Philips rose 3.6 percent after the maker of medical devices and healthcare products beat expectations, while results at Swedish telecoms firm Tele2 were also stronger than expected, sending its shares up 6.5 percent. (Editing by Jon Boyle and Pritha Sarkar) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Global | Markets | Shares | London | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Book an amazing Aussie holiday now! Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance FREE* Lifetime Demat Account. Premium SMS Advisory Learn & Develop Digital Business Strategies Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Explore Australia with Malaysia Airlines Leadership Program with Prof Marshall Goldsmith New to investing in shares? FREE* Demat Account & Flat 20% Off on Brokerage. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep European shares rally as French vote sparks rush into banks, industrials MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - Banks powered European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. By Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - Banks powered European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. Investors cheered the first-round results of France's presidential election in which centrist Emmanuel Macron took a big step towards leading his country, with polls now putting him comfortably ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 run-off. The outcome lessens the risk of an anti-establishment shock on the scale of UK's vote to quit the European Union and bolsters the case for closer ties between France and Germany. Europe's STOXX 600 index was up 2.1 percent by 1140 GMT, while Britain's FTSE added 1.8 percent and Germany's DAX hit a new record high, up 3 percent. "The clear reason for this rally is that European markets have been held back by political risk over the last 12 months," said Tim Stevenson, European equities fund manager at Henderson. Europe's main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index fell 7 points, wiping out the rapid surge it made this month when investors grew cautious in the run up to the French vote. The euro briefly vaulted to five-month peaks, and French bond yields fell to multi-month lows, halving the French/German two-year bond spread. Investors called for the market's focus to return to signs of improvement in European economies. "We decided early this morning to refocus our strategy on the very positive fundamentals in Europe, and to lift the protective overlays we had put in place on bond and stock futures," said Pascale Auclair, global head of investment at La Francaise Asset Management. "Nonetheless, we will remain vigilant going into the legislative elections," Auclair added. If he wins, Macron will need to secure a working parliamentary majority for his young party in June, and then seek broad popular support for labour reforms that are sure to meet resistance. BANKS, INDUSTRIALS DRIVE RISK-ON RALLY Shares in French companies and banks saw the biggest gains across the region with the euro zone's bank index rising 6.8 percent to its highest level in 16 months and Paris blue chips hitting their highest since April 2015, up 4.6 percent. The top eight gainers on the pan-European index were banks with UniCredit, Credit Agricole and Societe Generale leading the way, up 9.6 to 10.7 percent. Brokers including Goldman Sachs, Citi and Kepler Cheuvreux all came out heavily in favour of European banks on Monday morning. Industrials were also in demand with shares in French construction companies Saint-Gobain and Vinci soaring 7.3 percent and 6.6 percent respectively, as investors turned their focus to their earning prospects. "There was already a case for this sector before the election, but now we are looking beyond and back to fundamentals," says Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. Europe's construction and materials sector index was on course for its best daily gains since last November's U.S. election, up 3.4 percent. The rush into risky assets weighed on precious metal miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo which fell 2.7 percent and 0.9 percent respectively, as prices of gold, seen as a safe haven asset, fell more than 1 percent. Italy, considered to be especially vulnerable to an anti-European outcome of the French election, had the strongest rally after France. Italy's FTSE MIB soared 4 percent to its highest since January 2016, driven by strong gains in banks. Next up on investors' radars will be the slew of results poised to kick off European earnings season this week including heavyweight banks UBS and Credit Suisse. European first-quarter earnings are expected to rise 7.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Excluding the energy sector, this would be a rise of 2.9 percent. Meanwhile, some results on Monday cheered investors. Philips rose 3.6 percent after the maker of medical devices and healthcare products beat expectations, while results at Swedish telecoms firm Tele2 were also stronger than expected, sending its shares up 6.5 percent. (Editing by Jon Boyle and Pritha Sarkar) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 European shares rally as French vote sparks rush into banks, industrials By Danilo Masoni and Helen Reid MILAN/LONDON (Reuters) - Banks powered European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. Investors cheered the first-round results of France's presidential election in which centrist Emmanuel Macron took a big step towards leading his country, with polls now putting him comfortably ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 run-off. The outcome lessens the risk of an anti-establishment shock on the scale of UK's vote to quit the European Union and bolsters the case for closer ties between France and Germany. Europe's STOXX 600 index was up 2.1 percent by 1140 GMT, while Britain's FTSE added 1.8 percent and Germany's DAX hit a new record high, up 3 percent. "The clear reason for this rally is that European markets have been held back by political risk over the last 12 months," said Tim Stevenson, European equities fund manager at Henderson. Europe's main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index fell 7 points, wiping out the rapid surge it made this month when investors grew cautious in the run up to the French vote. The euro briefly vaulted to five-month peaks, and French bond yields fell to multi-month lows, halving the French/German two-year bond spread. Investors called for the market's focus to return to signs of improvement in European economies. "We decided early this morning to refocus our strategy on the very positive fundamentals in Europe, and to lift the protective overlays we had put in place on bond and stock futures," said Pascale Auclair, global head of investment at La Francaise Asset Management. "Nonetheless, we will remain vigilant going into the legislative elections," Auclair added. If he wins, Macron will need to secure a working parliamentary majority for his young party in June, and then seek broad popular support for labour reforms that are sure to meet resistance. BANKS, INDUSTRIALS DRIVE RISK-ON RALLY Shares in French companies and banks saw the biggest gains across the region with the euro zone's bank index rising 6.8 percent to its highest level in 16 months and Paris blue chips hitting their highest since April 2015, up 4.6 percent. The top eight gainers on the pan-European index were banks with UniCredit, Credit Agricole and Societe Generale leading the way, up 9.6 to 10.7 percent. Brokers including Goldman Sachs, Citi and Kepler Cheuvreux all came out heavily in favour of European banks on Monday morning. Industrials were also in demand with shares in French construction companies Saint-Gobain and Vinci soaring 7.3 percent and 6.6 percent respectively, as investors turned their focus to their earning prospects. "There was already a case for this sector before the election, but now we are looking beyond and back to fundamentals," says Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. Europe's construction and materials sector index was on course for its best daily gains since last November's U.S. election, up 3.4 percent. The rush into risky assets weighed on precious metal miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo which fell 2.7 percent and 0.9 percent respectively, as prices of gold, seen as a safe haven asset, fell more than 1 percent. Italy, considered to be especially vulnerable to an anti-European outcome of the French election, had the strongest rally after France. Italy's FTSE MIB soared 4 percent to its highest since January 2016, driven by strong gains in banks. Next up on investors' radars will be the slew of results poised to kick off European earnings season this week including heavyweight banks UBS and Credit Suisse. European first-quarter earnings are expected to rise 7.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Excluding the energy sector, this would be a rise of 2.9 percent. Meanwhile, some results on Monday cheered investors. Philips rose 3.6 percent after the maker of medical devices and healthcare products beat expectations, while results at Swedish telecoms firm Tele2 were also stronger than expected, sending its shares up 6.5 percent. (Editing by Jon Boyle and Pritha Sarkar) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trade Desk Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 (PEI) Insider Buying: Chaarat Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Insider Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Major Shareholder Purchases $2,662,113.00 in Stock David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Insider Selling: Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) CEO Sells $3,126,000.00 in Stock SVG Capital plc (SVI) Insider Sells £25,232.35 in Stock RLI Corp. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.50 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (RLI) NCR Co. (NCR) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.64 EPS Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Issues Earnings Results Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) Rating Increased to Neutral at Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Lowers MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) to Sell Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) PT Raised to $70.00 at Imperial Capital Atria Investments LLC Acquires New Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Atria Investments LLC Acquires 496 Shares of Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates €34.00 Price Target for Innogy SE (IGY) Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 424 Shares of Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) WestRock Co (WRK) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Stake Raised by Weybosset Research & Management LLC David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Trade Desk Inc (NASDAQ:TTD) insider David Randall Pickles sold 75,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.47, for a total transaction of $2,660,250.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 179,479 shares in the company, valued at $6,366,120.13. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. David Randall Pickles also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, March 21st, David Randall Pickles sold 75,000 shares of Trade Desk stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $37.71, for a total transaction of $2,828,250.00. Trade Desk Inc (NASDAQ:TTD) opened at 35.98 on Monday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $38.76 and its 200 day moving average is $31.18. Trade Desk Inc has a one year low of $22.00 and a one year high of $46.21. The company’s market capitalization is $1.41 billion. Trade Desk (NASDAQ:TTD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 16th. The technology company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.10. The firm had revenue of $72.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $62.12 million. The business’s revenue was up 69.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Trade Desk Inc will post $0.83 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: “David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/david-randall-pickles-sells-75000-shares-of-trade-desk-inc-ttd-stock.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC purchased a new position in Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $446,000. Citadel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $1,690,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. purchased a new position in Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $20,336,000. HBK Investments L P purchased a new position in Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $1,461,000. Finally, Cavalry Management Group LLC purchased a new position in Trade Desk during the fourth quarter valued at $6,682,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 53.22% of the company’s stock. TTD has been the topic of several recent research reports. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 target price on shares of Trade Desk in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Trade Desk from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, January 5th. Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $30.00 target price on shares of Trade Desk in a report on Monday, February 13th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $41.00 target price on shares of Trade Desk in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Vetr raised shares of Trade Desk from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 target price on the stock in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $37.33. About Trade Desk The Trade Desk, Inc is a technology company. The Company provides a self-service platform that enables clients to purchase and manage digital advertising campaigns across various advertising formats, including display, video and social, and on a range of devices, including computers, mobile devices and connected television. Receive News & Ratings for Trade Desk Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 (PEI) Insider Buying: Chaarat Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Insider Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Major Shareholder Purchases $2,662,113.00 in Stock David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Insider Selling: Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) CEO Sells $3,126,000.00 in Stock SVG Capital plc (SVI) Insider Sells £25,232.35 in Stock RLI Corp. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.50 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (RLI) NCR Co. (NCR) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.64 EPS Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Issues Earnings Results Hanesbrands Inc. (HBI) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. BJ's Restaurants, Inc. (BJRI) Rating Increased to Neutral at Wedbush Zacks Investment Research Lowers MSG Networks Inc (MSGN) to Sell Spirit Airlines Incorporated (SAVE) PT Raised to $70.00 at Imperial Capital Atria Investments LLC Acquires New Position in Synchrony Financial (SYF) Atria Investments LLC Acquires 496 Shares of Echo Global Logistics, Inc. (ECHO) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates €34.00 Price Target for Innogy SE (IGY) Capstone Asset Management Co. Sells 424 Shares of Henry Schein, Inc. (HSIC) WestRock Co (WRK) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Stake Raised by Weybosset Research & Management LLC Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 (PEI) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Dividend Articles - Finance Tweet Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) announced a quarterly dividend on Friday, April 21st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a dividend of 0.21 per share by the real estate investment trust on Thursday, June 15th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 5.54%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has raised its dividend by an average of 4.3% per year over the last three years and has increased its dividend every year for the last 5 years. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a payout ratio of 49.7% meaning its dividend is sufficiently covered by earnings. Analysts expect Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. to earn $0.01 per share next year, which means the company may not be able to cover its $0.84 annual dividend with an expected future payout ratio of 8,400.0%. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) opened at 15.16 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is $1.05 billion. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 52 week low of $13.76 and a 52 week high of $25.67. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $14.87 and its 200-day moving average is $18.00. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.15 by $0.42. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The company had revenue of $104.86 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $63.37 million. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.58 earnings per share. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s quarterly revenue was down 10.1% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.11) EPS for the current year. PEI has been the topic of several analyst reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Barclays PLC restated a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, TheStreet lowered shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Friday, March 24th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and four have assigned a hold rating to the stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.80. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 (PEI)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-announces-quarterly-dividend-of-0-21-pei.html. About Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Credit Suisse Group AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Reduces Stake in ConocoPhillips (COP) Fox Run Management L.L.C. Acquires New Stake in Accenture Plc (ACN) Mastercard Inc (MA) Stake Increased by Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA 29,400 Shares in Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Acquired by Fox Run Management L.L.C. Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) Viavi Solutions (VIAV) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Walgreens Boots Alliance (WBA) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Negative Media Coverage Likely to Affect Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Share Price Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Price Target Raised to $165.00 at Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Anticipate Express, Inc. (EXPR) Will Post Earnings of -$0.02 Per Share $0.28 EPS Expected for Semtech Co. (SMTC) This Quarter Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Announces Quarterly Dividend of $0.21 (PEI) Insider Buying: Chaarat Gold Holdings Ltd (CGH) Insider Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Major Shareholder Purchases $2,662,113.00 in Stock David Randall Pickles Sells 75,000 Shares of Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Stock Insider Selling: Cadence Design Systems Inc (CDNS) CEO Sells $3,126,000.00 in Stock SVG Capital plc (SVI) Insider Sells £25,232.35 in Stock RLI Corp. to Post Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.50 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (RLI) NCR Co. (NCR) Issues Q2 Earnings Guidance Eastgroup Properties Inc (EGP) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.64 EPS Fox Run Management L.L.C. Takes Position in Credit Suisse Group AG (CS) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Fox Run Management L.L.C. bought a new stake in Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor bought 28,500 shares of the financial services provider’s stock, valued at approximately $423,000. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC increased its position in Credit Suisse Group AG by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. Cypress Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 19,967 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $286,000 after buying an additional 481 shares during the period. TD Asset Management Inc. increased its position in Credit Suisse Group AG by 5.8% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 18,526 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $243,000 after buying an additional 1,009 shares during the period. Creative Planning increased its position in Credit Suisse Group AG by 3.4% in the first quarter. Creative Planning now owns 44,821 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $665,000 after buying an additional 1,453 shares during the period. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC increased its position in Credit Suisse Group AG by 17.0% in the fourth quarter. United Capital Financial Advisers LLC now owns 11,841 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $169,000 after buying an additional 1,717 shares during the period. Finally, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI increased its position in Credit Suisse Group AG by 4.5% in the fourth quarter. Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft FI now owns 46,414 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $664,000 after buying an additional 2,001 shares during the period. 2.25% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) opened at 14.45 on Monday. The stock’s market capitalization is $30.20 billion. Credit Suisse Group AG has a 12 month low of $10.01 and a 12 month high of $16.17. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $14.85 and its 200 day moving average is $14.62. Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS) last issued its earnings results on Tuesday, February 14th. The financial services provider reported ($1.10) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $1.18. Credit Suisse Group AG had a negative return on equity of 4.12% and a negative net margin of 27.07%. The business had revenue of $5.18 billion for the quarter. Analysts anticipate that Credit Suisse Group AG will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/fox-run-management-l-l-c-takes-position-in-credit-suisse-group-ag-cs.html. Several research analysts have commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Barclays PLC raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Credit Suisse Group AG in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods raised shares of Credit Suisse Group AG from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $16.00. About Credit Suisse Group AG Credit Suisse Group AG (Credit Suisse) is a financial services company. The Company’s segments include Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management, Asia Pacific, Global Markets, Investment Banking & Capital Markets, Strategic Resolution Unit and Corporate Center. It offers a range of private banking and wealth management solutions to its clients in its Swiss Universal Bank, International Wealth Management and Asia Pacific divisions. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Credit Suisse Group AG (NYSE:CS). Receive News & Ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Credit Suisse Group AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 93/4 (28) - PAK 407/10 (138.4) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Sonu Nigam Vijay Mallya TTV Dinakaran Donald Trump IPL 2017 News Academy US STOCKS-Futures rally as French worries ease; earnings in focus Shares1 Mon, 24 Apr 2017-05:06pm , Reuters U.S. stock index futures rose sharply on Monday, tracking European and Asian stocks, as investors breathed a sigh of relief after Centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron won the first round of the French election. * Polls showed pro-EU Macron is expected to beat right-wing rival Marine Le Pen in a deciding vote next month, reducing the chances of France taking a Britain-like shock step to exit the Union. * While Euro zone stocks headed for their best day in two years, gold prices tumbled amid an unwinding of safe-haven trades. * U.S. investors are also gearing up for the busiest earnings week in at least a decade, with over 190 S&P 500 members, including heavyweights Alphabet and Microsoft due to report results. * Even as tensions in North Korea, the French election and a flagging "Trump trade" have weighed on sentiment in recent weeks investors have held on, encouraged by a strong showing in the first-quarter earnings season. * Upbeat earnings so far have increased expectations for profit growth. Overall profit for S&P 500 companies is now estimated to have risen 11.2 percent in the first quarter, compared with the 10.1 percent forecast at the start of the earnings season, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. * Wall Street closed lower, but well off session-lows on Friday after President Donald Trump said he would have a "big announcement" on tax reforms on Wednesday. * Shares of big U.S. banks, including Bank of America , Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan rose over 2 percent in premarket trading on Monday. The S&P 500 financial sector had been the broader index's biggest underperformer last week as investors favored safe-haven assets amid geopolitical risks. * Hasbro rose 2.6 percent after the toymaker reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit. Shares of rival Mattel were up nearly 2 percent on the news. * Medical devices maker C R Bard jumped 20 percent to $304 after U.S. medical equipment supplier Becton Dickinson said it would buy Bard for $24 billion. Futures snapshot at 6:58 a.m. ET: * Dow e-minis were up 210 points, or 1.02 percent, with 37,877 contracts changing hands. * S&P 500 e-minis were up 27.5 points, or 1.17 percent, with 255,668 contracts traded. * Nasdaq 100 e-minis were up 58.25 points, or 1.07 percent, on volume of 38,996 contracts. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Academy Asia's biggest centre for animation, visual effects, gaming and comics to be set up in Mumbai: IIMC DG Academy What to do during summer vacation Academy Average salary offered to XLRI students Rs 19.21 lakh Academy Are cars weapons of mass destruction? Academy Make kids comfortable in class, give them space Academy Hindi may be made compulsory till class X in CBSE schools, KVs Live Cricket Score Live WI 93/4 (28), 286/10 (95) PAK 407/10 (138.4) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Donald Trump’s H1B proposal forces students to look elsewhere Will Indian students be distanced from the American dream? What does Trump’s victory mean for Indian students? Video WATCH | #EarthDayWithDNA: Would you treat a person the way you treat the environment? Wayward cows and roadside dancing: WATCH this hilarious spoof of 'Fast and Furious' in India! WATCH: Smriti Irani REACTS to 2 Punjabi boys dancing to 'Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' title song View all Tags Donald Trump Emmanuel Macron Bank of America Becton Dickinson France Goldman Sachs Hasbro Marine Le Pen Mattel Microsoft North Korea Thomson Reuters S&P U. S. Bard JPMorgan Thomson Reuters I/B/E Wall Street SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Government costs could rise $2.3 bln without Obamacare payments -study Malegaon case: HC grants bail to Sadhvi Pragya, rejects Govt assures action for 'cold-blooded murder' in Sukma Ukraine cuts power supply to separatist region, blaming unpaid debts Afghanistan pitches for efforts to combat terrorism Sport Younis draws praise post 10,000 Test runs landmark Harikrishna goes down against Kramnik at Shamkir Chess 2017 Focus on Ghosal, Chinappa, Pallikal at Asian Squash meet Rugby-Lions omission will "eat away" at Haskell, says Wasps Young AIBA withdraws support but Amir bullish about India league Entertainment 'Afeemi' from 'Meri Pyaari Bindu' has Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra ADDICTED to each other! Aamir receives Dinanath Mangeshkar Award from RSS chief Sagarika Ghatge and Zaheer Khan to get MARRIED by this year end! Farhan Akhtar and Adhuna Bhabani are officially DIVORCED now Sonakshi Sinha BREAKS SILENCE about performing at the Justin Bieber concert in India! Money Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on JLL sells residential brokerage business to its former India head Anuj Puri Rupee rallies to 3-week high at 64.27 vs USD in late morning JLL sells India housing brokerage to former country head BHEL's largest Rs 10K-cr power project in Bangladesh takes off Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Celgene Co. (CELG) Position Maintained by Mitchell Mcleod Pugh & Williams Inc. Murphy Capital Management Inc. Has $6.538 Million Position in Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Bank of Montreal Can Has $15.787 Million Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Bank of Montreal Can Raises Position in T-Mobile US Inc (TMUS) Bank of Montreal Can Lowers Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Stake Decreased by Bank of Montreal Can Bank of Montreal Can Has $15.802 Million Position in AerCap Holdings (AER) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Sold by Kempner Capital Management Inc. Newman Dignan & Sheerar Inc. Reduces Stake in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Stake Decreased by Mutual of Omaha Bank Wealth Management Q4 2017 Earnings Estimate for Universal Forest Products, Inc. (UFPI) Issued By DA Davidson Capital One Financial Corp. Weighs in on Apache Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (APA) Q4 2017 EPS Estimates for Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Lifted by Analyst Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Issues Q1 Earnings Guidance First Republic Bank (FRC) To Go Ex-Dividend on April 25th KeyCorp (KEY) Upgraded to “Overweight” at Piper Jaffray Companies America Movil SAB de CV (AMX) Upgraded at Deutsche Bank AG Alaska Air Group, Inc. (ALK) Stock Rating Upgraded by Cowen and Company Gulf International Bank UK Ltd Has $2.365 Million Stake in Avery Dennison Corp (AVY) Very Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Impax Laboratories (IPXL) Stock Price Bank of Montreal Can Lowers Position in Bunge Ltd (BG) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bank of Montreal Can reduced its position in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 6.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The fund owned 183,993 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after selling 13,494 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can’s holdings in Bunge were worth $14,583,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in BG. Sunbelt Securities Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Bunge during the fourth quarter worth approximately $144,000. Sciencast Management LP purchased a new position in shares of Bunge during the fourth quarter worth approximately $208,000. Tudor Investment Corp Et Al purchased a new position in shares of Bunge during the fourth quarter worth approximately $282,000. Gideon Capital Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of Bunge during the fourth quarter worth approximately $290,000. Finally, Stephens Inc. AR increased its position in shares of Bunge by 6.2% in the third quarter. Stephens Inc. AR now owns 4,070 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $241,000 after buying an additional 237 shares during the period. 78.49% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) opened at 77.46 on Monday. Bunge Ltd has a 1-year low of $56.69 and a 1-year high of $82.66. The firm has a market cap of $10.81 billion, a PE ratio of 15.45 and a beta of 1.04. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $79.29 and its 200-day moving average is $71.49. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, February 15th. The basic materials company reported $1.70 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.56 by $0.14. The firm earned $12.06 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $11.43 billion. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 8.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $1.49 earnings per share. Analysts expect that Bunge Ltd will post $6.08 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 19th will be issued a $0.42 dividend. This represents a $1.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.17%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. Bunge’s payout ratio is 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/bank-of-montreal-can-lowers-position-in-bunge-ltd-bg.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price objective on shares of Bunge and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded shares of Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price objective for the company. in a research report on Monday, March 20th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $77.25. In other news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total value of $47,410.35. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $440,284.65. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 69,140 shares in the company, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 1.27% of the company’s stock. About Bunge Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News Trading JP Morgan shuffles cash equities managers US bank wants to become a top three firm for trading cash equities globally London UK - September 7, 2015: J.P. Morgan main office in Canary Wharf. Reception view iStock By Elizabeth Pfeuti April 24, 2017 Updated: April 25, 2017 7:24 a.m. GMT JP Morgan has rejigged the leadership of its cash equities sales and trading teams globally as it bids to become a top three trading house in these products. Matt Mallgrave will join JP Morgan from Credit Suisse in June as head of Americas cash equity trading, the bank confirmed today. Mallgrave, a former Goldman Sachs partner, will... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Banks quote rock star prices in rushed research deals 2. More heroes than villains in Barclays whistleblowing case 3. Snap election paves the way for a pragmatic Brexit 4. JP Morgan and Fidelity count on brand in battle for ETF assets 5. Sign up to Election Snap: FN’s general election briefing Top Stories Wall Street’s ‘Bull’ sculptor threatens to sue over ‘Girl’ statue Why Credit Suisse’s Thiam is under greater pressure than his rivals JP Morgan shuffles cash equities managers Fund managers raise the stakes on performance fees Citi aims to reach required height for hedge fund ‘Disneyland’ FURTHER READING FURTHER READING People City turns to ‘mental health first aiders’ to spot stressed employees City turns to ‘mental health first aiders’ to spot stressed employees Deutsche Bank, L&amp;G, Linklaters and others roll out programmes to enable staff to help colleagues with mental health problems Asset Management Fund managers raise the stakes on performance fees Fund managers raise the stakes on performance fees Pressure on fixed fees is forcing fund managers to take a gamble and develop new – potentially volatile – income streams View Why Credit Suisse’s Thiam is under greater pressure than his rivals Why Credit Suisse’s Thiam is under greater pressure than his rivals Deutsche Bank's John Cryan looked like he might have the hardest task and Barclays' Jes Staley is facing issues, but it is the Swiss bank's boss who is losing popularity © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Top Economist Finds Small U.S. Cities Thriving Despite the national narrative about America’s problems, Ed Hyman sees a flourishing real economy. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography Updated April 22, 2017 12:52 a.m. ET The best-read reports on markets and the economy don’t feature the reflections of a financial philosopher-king on the meaning of life or the nature of happiness. They consist of charts, with a few notations, and little else. “A picture is worth a thousand words” is how Ed Hyman sees it. That simple insight has served him well since he started distributing weekly, and then daily, packets of explicated charts, starting back in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Here’s Why Tesla Can’t Go Far in China Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Our Smartphone Priorities Are All Messed Up Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. It’s Time to Put Some Money Into Banks Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Morningstar’s New Gambit: Opportunity, Controversy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Sarepta's Soaring Fortunes 2 Snap's IPO Brings New Investors Into the Market 3 Barron's Buzz: A New Dawn for Morningstar Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market European shares rally as French vote sparks rush into banks, industrials European shares rally as French vote sparks rush into banks, industrials Banks rallied, powering European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. By: Reuters | Published: April 24, 2017 4:12 PM Europe’s STOXX 600 index was up 1.7 percent by 0826 GMT, while UK’s FTSE added 1.6 percent and Germany’s DAX was up 2.6 percent. Banks rallied, powering European shares to their highest levels in more than a year, while volatility and safe-haven gold stocks slumped on Monday on abating political anxiety in the euro zone. Investors cheered the first-round results of France’s presidential election in which centrist Emmanuel Macron took a big step towards leading his country, with polls now putting him comfortably ahead of far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the May 7 run-off. The outcome lessens the risk of an anti-establishment shock on the scale of UK’s vote to quit the European Union and bolsters the case for closer ties between France and Germany. “The risk of a europhobic president has been lifted for markets. I think there will be a period of relief,” said Pascale Auclair, global head of investment at La Francaise Asset Management. Europe’s main gauge of equity market anxiety, the Euro STOXX 50 Volatility index fell 7 points, wiping out the rapid surge it made this month when investors grew cautious in the run up to the French vote. You may like to watch: Shares in French companies and banks saw the biggest gains across the region with the euro zone’s bank index rising more than 5 percent to its highest level in 16 months and Paris blue chips hitting their highest since April 2015. “French banks alongside European banks will likely be the biggest winners,” said UniCredit analysts in a note. Europe’s STOXX 600 index was up 1.7 percent by 0826 GMT, while UK’s FTSE added 1.6 percent and Germany’s DAX was up 2.6 percent. The top six gainers on the pan-European index were banks with Commerzbank, Societe Generale and UniCredit leading the way, all up more than 8 percent. Brokers including Goldman Sachs, Citi and Kepler Cheuvreux all came out heavily in favour of European banks on Monday morning. Industrials were also in demand with shares in French construction companies Saint-Gobain and Vinci soaring 6.4 percent and 5.5 percent respectively, as investors turned their focus to their earning prospects. You may also like: “There was already a case for this sector before the election, but now we are looking beyond and back to fundamentals,” says Vincent Juvyns, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. The broader rush into risky assets weighed on precious metal miners Randgold Resources and Fresnillo which fell 4.1 percent and 2.6 percent respectively, as prices of gold, seen as a safe haven asset, fell more than 1 percent to their lowest in nearly two weeks. Next up on investors’ radars will be the slew of results poised to kick off European earnings season this week including heavyweight banks UBS and Credit Suisse. European first-quarter earnings are expected to rise 7.2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S data. Excluding the energy sector, this would be a rise of 2.9 percent. Meanwhile, some results on Monday cheered investors. Philips rose 3.2 percent after the maker of medical devices and healthcare products beat expectations, while results at Swedish telecoms firm Tele2 were also stronger than expected, sending its shares up 7.2 percent. (Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Jon Boyle) No Comments. Trending Now Naroda Patiya riots case: Setback for jailed Maya Kodnani, SIT opposes petition to call BJP chief Amit Shah NASA's super pressure balloon takes off from Wanaka after 6 failed attempts Artificial Intelligence may help in diagnosing Tuberculosis Sukma Attack: Rajnath Singh pays homage to 25 CRPF men killed in Naxal attack 10 Rajaji Marg being readied as President Pranab Mukherjee's retirement home Infosys opens delivery centre in Croatia Jackfruit seeds could substitute cocoa beans to make chocolate MCD polls: In meet at Arvind Kejriwal's house, 'faulty EVMs' dominate agenda, even as MCD loss stares it in face US missile submarine arrives in South Korea Ask Siri to read out your WhatsApp messages Congress leader Manish Tewari corners Narendra Modi government over CRPF jawans killing, Kashmir unrest Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News 2008 मालेगांव ब्लास्ट केस: साध्वी प्रज्ञा ठाकुर को बॉम्बे हाईकोर्ट से मिली जमानत, लेकिन जमा कराना होगा पासपोर्ट सुकमा अटैक: जिंदा बचे CRPF जवानों को न मिले मदद इसलिए नक्सली उठा ले गए थे रेडियो सेट्स फैज़ाबाद में हिंदू बने एक दर्जन से ज्यादा मुसलमान, पूरे विधि-विधान के साथ अपनाया धर्म, खाया प्रसाद Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Southern Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Southern Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Rentokil Initial plc (RTO) PT Raised to GBX 194 SK Telecom Co Ltd (SKM) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research St. James's Place plc (STJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fulton Financial Corp (FULT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Tesoro Logistics LP (TLLP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research ImmuPharma PLC (IMM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Panmure Gordon Liberum Capital Reiterates Hold Rating for Senior plc (SNR) Integrated Investment Consultants LLC Acquires 44 Shares of AbbVie Inc (ABBV) Macquarie Group Ltd. Maintains Stake in PolyOne Co. (POL) 58.com Inc (WUBA) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Position Reduced by Teachers Advisors LLC Teachers Advisors LLC Buys 236,488 Shares of Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Teachers Advisors LLC Increases Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Motif Bio PLC’s (MTFB) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Northland Securities Mediclinic International PLC (MDC) PT Raised to GBX 660 at HSBC Holdings plc Home Depot Inc (HD) Shares Bought by Teachers Advisors LLC WM Morrison Supermarkets PLC (MRW) – Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes Security Asset Management Has $904,000 Position in Merck & Co., Inc. (MRK) Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (GSBC) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Great Southern Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:GSBC)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reissued by stock analysts at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods in a research report issued on Thursday. Separately, Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Great Southern Bancorp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Great Southern Bancorp (NASDAQ:GSBC) opened at 50.30 on Thursday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $49.79 and its 200-day moving average is $49.13. Great Southern Bancorp has a 1-year low of $34.48 and a 1-year high of $56.70. The stock has a market cap of $704.65 million, a PE ratio of 15.16 and a beta of 1.10. Great Southern Bancorp (NASDAQ:GSBC) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 19th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.76 by $0.05. Great Southern Bancorp had a net margin of 21.22% and a return on equity of 10.96%. The business had revenue of $46.40 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $46.74 million. Equities research analysts forecast that Great Southern Bancorp will post $3.20 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, April 11th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, March 28th were given a $0.22 dividend. The ex-dividend date was Friday, March 24th. This represents a $0.88 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.75%. Great Southern Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 27.33%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/great-southern-bancorp-inc-gsbc-rating-reiterated-by-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. In other news, CEO Joseph W. Turner sold 7,817 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 26th. The shares were sold at an average price of $52.37, for a total value of $409,376.29. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 144,532 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $7,569,140.84. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Steven G. Mitchem sold 2,100 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $52.62, for a total transaction of $110,502.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 60,607 shares in the company, valued at $3,189,140.34. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders sold 16,846 shares of company stock worth $871,195. Company insiders own 24.15% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Bank of Montreal Can increased its position in Great Southern Bancorp by 2.7% in the first quarter. Bank of Montreal Can now owns 17,772 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $898,000 after buying an additional 459 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Great Southern Bancorp by 1.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 135,971 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,535,000 after buying an additional 2,398 shares in the last quarter. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd acquired a new position in Great Southern Bancorp during the fourth quarter valued at $203,000. Highbridge Capital Management LLC increased its position in Great Southern Bancorp by 94.4% in the fourth quarter. Highbridge Capital Management LLC now owns 9,904 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $541,000 after buying an additional 4,809 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC increased its position in Great Southern Bancorp by 2.7% in the fourth quarter. Columbia Wanger Asset Management LLC now owns 216,001 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $11,804,000 after buying an additional 5,691 shares in the last quarter. 36.42% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Great Southern Bancorp Company Profile Great Southern Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company, a financial holding company and the parent of Great Southern Bank (the Bank). Through the Bank and subsidiaries of the Bank, the Company offers insurance, travel, investment and related services. The Bank makes long-term, fixed-rate residential real estate loans. Receive News & Ratings for Great Southern Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Southern Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Rating Reiterated by Stephens Needham & Company LLC Lowers ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Price Target to $24.00 IDEX Co. (IEX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Argus Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Energen (EGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for First Hawaiian (FHB) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal Weight Rating for Camden Property Trust (CPT) Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give CST Brands Inc (CST) a $49.00 Price Target Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Raised to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $283,000 Position in Cowen Group Inc (COWN) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) AQR Capital Management LLC Takes Position in Titan International Inc (TWI) South State Co. (SSB) Stake Boosted by Guggenheim Capital LLC Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 18,325 Shares of Colony Capital Inc (CLNY) Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Stake Maintained by AQR Capital Management LLC Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (NASDAQ:RUTH)‘s stock had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by research analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on RUTH. Zacks Investment Research raised Ruth's Hospitality Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $22.00 price objective on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. Jefferies Group LLC raised their price objective on Ruth's Hospitality Group from $17.00 to $18.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Citigroup Inc raised their price objective on Ruth's Hospitality Group from $18.50 to $20.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $19.25. Ruth's Hospitality Group (NASDAQ:RUTH) opened at 19.60 on Thursday. The firm has a market cap of $598.82 million, a P/E ratio of 20.61 and a beta of 0.52. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $19.56 and its 200-day moving average is $17.53. Ruth's Hospitality Group has a 1-year low of $13.74 and a 1-year high of $20.55. Ruth's Hospitality Group (NASDAQ:RUTH) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Friday, February 17th. The restaurant operator reported $0.31 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.29 by $0.02. Ruth's Hospitality Group had a return on equity of 34.67% and a net margin of 8.03%. The company earned $107.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $108.54 million. During the same period last year, the business earned $0.26 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Ruth's Hospitality Group will post $1.06 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/raymond-james-financial-inc-reiterates-market-perform-rating-for-ruths-hospitality-group-inc-ruth.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 1.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,175,128 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $30,713,000 after buying an additional 23,638 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 2.2% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,380,501 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $25,263,000 after buying an additional 29,841 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 3.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 862,132 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $15,777,000 after buying an additional 32,643 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 26.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 683,909 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $9,657,000 after buying an additional 142,298 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. increased its position in shares of Ruth's Hospitality Group by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. now owns 606,000 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock worth $11,060,000 after buying an additional 5,600 shares during the last quarter. 78.57% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Ruth's Hospitality Group Ruth’s Hospitality Group, Inc develops and operates fine dining restaurants under the name, Ruth’s Chris Steak House. The Company operates through two segments. As of December 25, 2016, the Company-owned steakhouse restaurant segment included 68 Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurants and one Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurant, and the franchise operations segment included 81 franchisee-owned Ruth’s Chris Steak House restaurants. Receive News & Ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ruth's Hospitality Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 131,658 Shares in Chevron Co. (CVX) Acquired by Empire Life Investments Inc. AT&T Inc. (T) Shares Sold by Pinnacle Financial Partners Inc. General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Horizon Kinetics LLC First Commonwealth Financial Corp PA Has $1.917 Million Stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Raymond James Financial, Inc. Reiterates Market Perform Rating for Ruth's Hospitality Group, Inc. (RUTH) Texas Capital Bancshares Inc (TCBI) Rating Reiterated by Stephens Needham & Company LLC Lowers ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Price Target to $24.00 IDEX Co. (IEX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research SEI Investments Company (SEIC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Raymond James Financial, Inc. ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Argus Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Energen (EGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for First Hawaiian (FHB) Barclays PLC Reaffirms Equal Weight Rating for Camden Property Trust (CPT) Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Give CST Brands Inc (CST) a $49.00 Price Target Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Raised to Outperform at Robert W. Baird Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Parker Drilling Company (PKD) Shares Sold by AQR Capital Management LLC AQR Capital Management LLC Has $283,000 Position in Cowen Group Inc (COWN) AQR Capital Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp (BPMC) General Electric Company (GE) Shares Sold by Horizon Kinetics LLC April 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Horizon Kinetics LLC lowered its position in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) by 4.4% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 81,522 shares of the conglomerate’s stock after selling 3,750 shares during the period. Horizon Kinetics LLC’s holdings in General Electric Company were worth $2,576,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of GE. Fusion Family Wealth LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter worth $100,000. Empirical Finance LLC purchased a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $140,000. Turner Investments LLC purchased a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $161,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $177,000. Finally, Cable Hill Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 38.4% in the third quarter. Cable Hill Partners LLC now owns 6,155 shares of the conglomerate’s stock valued at $180,000 after buying an additional 1,708 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 54.68% of the company’s stock. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.55 on Monday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $29.81 and a 200-day moving average of $30.22. General Electric Company has a 1-year low of $28.19 and a 1-year high of $33.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $257.82 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 33.09 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last posted its earnings results on Friday, April 21st. The conglomerate reported $0.21 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.17 by $0.04. The company earned $27.66 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $26.37 billion. General Electric Company had a net margin of 6.86% and a return on equity of 15.99%. General Electric Company’s quarterly revenue was down .7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.21 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that General Electric Company will post $1.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be paid a dividend of $0.24 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.25%. General Electric Company’s payout ratio is 106.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/24/general-electric-company-ge-shares-sold-by-horizon-kinetics-llc.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on GE. Cowen and Company restated a “hold” rating and issued a $30.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Thursday. Vetr downgraded General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $30.43 target price for the company. in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $34.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “neutral” rating and issued a $28.00 target price on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. General Electric Company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.02. In other General Electric Company news, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of General Electric Company stock in a transaction on Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $21,842,090.92. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein acquired 5,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $29.63 per share, with a total value of $148,150.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the insider now directly owns 68,757 shares in the company, valued at $2,037,269.91. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.23% of the company’s stock. General Electric Company Company Profile Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
