Menu CIO CloseCIO In-depth Big Data BPM Budgeting Business Continuity Business Intelligence C-Suite Perspectives Change Management Cloud Consumerisation of IT Infrastructure Innovation IT Value KM/Storage Mobile/Wireless/Convergence Project Management Risk Management Security Vendor View Resources Career CIO Executive Council e-Mags Events Media Releases News Newsletters PartnerZones Slideshows Videos Whitepapers Industries Education Finance Government Login Username Password Forgot password? Sign up now to get free exclusive access to reports, research and invitation only events. LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Facebook Google Plus Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising CSO Subscribe to emails Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Menu CIO 10 tips from the front lines of enterprise public cloud use 10 tips from the front lines of enterprise public cloud use This is how GE, FedEx, Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley use the cloud Brandon Butler (Network World) 17 November, 2016 04:12 - - - - print email Comments What have GE, Citigroup, FedEx, Bank of America, Intuit, Gap, Kaiser Permanente, Morgan Stanley and JP Morgan Chase learned from using the public cloud? A group of representatives from each of these companies has worked for the past six months with the Open Networking User Group (ONUG) to develop a whitepaper exploring challenges of using hybrid cloud. ONUG’s Hybrid Cloud Working Group (HCWG) includes not only valuable tips from their experiences using the cloud, but also a wish-list of how these enterprises would like vendors to evolve their platforms. Here are 10 tips: 1. Categorize apps into low, medium and high risk tiers Which apps should move to the cloud? Before answering that question you need to classify your apps to know what you have. The HCWG recommends the following categorization of low, medium, medium+ and high security tier apps. Applications with the highest security risk should have the more stringent security protocols. Low risk data includes public or non-sensitive information such as customer-facing data. Medium risk data – such as ERP systems and business management applications, but not ones that include intellectual property or patent data - can go to the public cloud with extra security precautions. Medium+ apps are categorized as data with government controlled unclassified data or data subject to strict regulatory compliance issues. High-risk apps are not recommended to use in the public cloud; this includes information such as patents, critical business process and sensitive financial information. 2. Use a cloud broker Once an organization has determined which apps are appropriate for the public cloud, the next challenge is getting them there. An organization can access public cloud resources from any internet connection. ONUG member companies recommend using a cloud broker or “man-in-the-middle,” though, for two reasons: security (what the HCWG calls exploit mitigation) and improved performance. A cloud broker is typically a collocation provider that provides access points to multiple public cloud providers. Example vendors include Equinix, AT&T, Verizon and Sprint. The cloud broker can be thought of as the new “far edge” of a corporate data center, providing a secure place to inspect network traffic going into and out of the cloud before it reaches the enterprise campus or remote data center. “Packet inspection/scanning or censoring of traffic occurs in the cloud broker to mitigate exploits before entering corporate data centers from cloud providers or exploits trying to do damage to cloud hosted services from private clouds,” the whitepaper explains. From a performance standpoint, the broker can provide direct fiber connections to multiple IaaS cloud vendors. The broker can serve other purposes too, from application delivery control functions such as load balancing and domain name system/dynamic host configuration protocol (DNS/DHCP) to hosting an active directory to authenticate users. By being a buffer between the cloud and the enterprise network, it’s an ideal spot to host Intrusion Prevention System (IPS)/Firewall security, as well as other network monitoring and analytics tools. Because it’s a collocation facility, the footprint is controlled completely by the customer and can be as large or small as the customer wants. 3. Listed prices are not actual prices Large enterprises negotiate directly with public cloud vendors and enter into enterprise agreements with discounted pricing. Listed online pricing is usually just a guide. The HCWG warns that contract negotiations can be a long and arduous process, however. 4. Use professional negotiators When negotiating an enterprise agreement with vendors, use a professional arbiter. Some HCWG member companies took as much as 18 months to negotiate a contract and spent up to hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal fees. Experienced negotiators can be either in-house legal staff or external experts. 5. Licensing in the cloud is different HCWG members warn of being careful of licensing when using the public cloud. Make sure any software licensed for use on premises is legally allowed to be used in the cloud before doing so. Even if there’s no legal restriction against hosting an on-premises app in the public cloud, some licenses are just not designed with public cloud in mind. “Licensing may be based upon the number of CPUs that the software is accessed by, which may increase significantly once the application is placed in the cloud where more employees can now access [it],” ONUG explains. Search for public-cloud native software licenses where possible. 6. Compliance officer training Auditors who have been operating in an on-premise world their entire careers may have challenges working in a public cloud arena. “The language of cloud computing and location of assets is foreign to many auditors,” ONUG’s whitepaper states. Be prepared for a potentially frustrating process with auditors if they’re not familiar with the public cloud. ONUG encourages public cloud vendors to provide training programs and tools for auditors. 7. Liability is a hassle Some ONUG members found considerable frustration when negotiating liability with their IaaS cloud provider. In a more traditional managed services or other outsourcing arrangement, liability typically covers loss, damages and liability up to the value of the outsourced asset. Cloud providers sometimes offer a different type of liability. “Cloud providers seek liability to cover the dollar amount spent,” the whitepaper explains. “That is, if a company spends $50,000 per year with a cloud provider to host an application and experiences damages of $10,000,000, the cloud provider seeks its liability to cover $50,000. This level of liability will limit the type of applications that will migrate to cloud providers to the low- to medium-risk levels.” 8. Beware of lock-in Lock-in from a public IaaS cloud provider in some cases is unavoidable, and not necessarily a bad thing, the HCWG explains. The group recommends that end users recognize and acknowledge it. The whitepaper notes the relatively high cost of moving data between different cloud vendors, reinforcing the adage that it’s easy to get data into the cloud, but more expensive and difficult to get it out. Certain applications are more prone to lock-in too, including workload creation tools, non-standard orchestration tools, non-standard provisioning tools, and vendor-specific scheduling or automation tools. The more an organization’s developers or cloud administrators use and rely on these tools specifically geared for one vendor, the more difficult it could be to run those workloads in another environment. 9. Encrypt everything, and manage the keys It’s becoming a common enterprise practice to encrypt all data going to and stored in the cloud. ONUG reminds end users to make sure they manage the keys, too. Another security tip that is becoming common practice is to use role-based access controls – meaning that, for example, not everyone in an organization has access to administrative controls in a cloud environment. Those should be protected with at least two-factor authentication. 10. Understand the limits of the public cloud Along with the detailed list of tips based on their experience using the public cloud, HCWG members have a series of requests for cloud vendors of how their platforms can be improved to make the cloud easier to use. By exploring these wish-list items, it’s clear to see where the public cloud falls short. For example, HCWG members would like easier portability across public clouds, common encryption protocols among various cloud vendors and a common northbound API. The cloud has many advantages, but it’s not a panacea. Brand Post ​Seizing control of ERP costs to drive innovation More from Rimini Street Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers. Join the CIO newsletter! Join Error: Please check your email address. More about AT&TBank of AmericaCitigroupEquinixFedExGEIntrusionIntuitIPSJP MorganJP Morgan ChaseMorganMorgan StanleySprintVerizon Editor's Recommendations ​Is Apple under threat? How operational resilience helped RBA survive a siege ​Real estate agents gain some data intelligence Bully building body replacement's tech transformation trips before bouncing back Exclusive: City of Monash leaps towards virtualisation and cloud ​6 ways to show your emotional intelligence Read more Veeam Resources Centre Gartner Partner Zone Whaling Information Security Resource Centre Latest Blog Posts Digital disinterest David Bartlett Why best practice is risky Rob Livingstone Open Government, how ready is Australia? Rory Gregg Related Whitepapers Technology is driving Australia's STEM revolution. IDG STEM Study Insights Latest Jobs Strategy and Architecture Manager NSW Chief Enterprise Architect NSW SAP Test Manager NSW SOE Architect NSW ITIL Productivity Support Officer - contract Initially - Sydney NSW EPAS Technical Support Officers NSW Azure/Sharepoint Developer NSW Project Coordinator VIC Senior Project Manager / Program Manager NSW Junior Web Developer | Django | Python | AWS | PostgreSQL | North Sydney NSW Show all jobs Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Read next True agile software development requires DevOps When Airbnb asked users to pledge to treat people equally, a lot ... Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk In pictures: Roundtable - Top strategies for CIOs in the cybersecurity war In pictures: Roundtable - Creating capacity for digital transformation Messaging and collaboration tools are most valuable enterprise apps CSO Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk Attacks to make Ask.com Toolbar a conduit for malware are nipped in the bud IoT attacks could bring real-world damage UK mobile operator loses phones following data breach Ransomware victims able to thwart attacks, report says Computerworld How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Verizon IoT, Swiftmile pilot smart bike-sharing in Santa Clara Computerworld's holiday gift guide 2016 (with video!) Government to loan NBN money to complete rollout ARN IT workers singled out amid 457 visa changes Govt stumps up $19.5 billion loan to finish NBN rollout ​Cloud services spend set to rise as IT budgets realign ​Dicker Data ranks highest among Cisco regional distributors ​Meet the fastest growing tech companies in Australia… Techworld Best Black Friday 2016 Windows deals How lifelogging will become easy and automatic Hands on: 15-in. MacBook Pro delivers on speed and design – for a price Trump's national security pick is a cybersecurity hawk The IRS wants to ID every US Coinbase user from 2013 to 2015 CMO LinkedIn, Facebook, Google marketers weigh in on digital marketing success 5 lessons in change from Wunderman-Bienalto’s Hurol Inan Facebook admits to further reporting errors, proposes metrics overhaul Telstra looks to bolster customer advocacy with refined CX and network investment strategy Panel: Tackling customer problems and corporate culture core to digital transformation strategy Send Us E-mail Privacy Policy [Updated 3 Mar 14] Advertising Books CSO Subscribe to emails IDG registered user login Subscribe to IDG Publications Contact Us Copyright 2016 IDG Communications. ABN 14 001 592 650. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of IDG Communications is prohibited. IDG Sites PC World GoodGearGuide Computerworld CMO CSO Techworld ARN CIO Executive Council IDG Education IDG Government IDG Health
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan CEO Dimon still part of Trump Treasury talk By Reuters Published: 19:38 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 19:38 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail By David Henry and Steve Holland NEW YORK/WASHINGTON, Nov 16 (Reuters) - Conflicting information on whether JPMorgan Chase & Co Chief Executive Jamie Dimon could become U.S. Treasury secretary as part of President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet cast a cloud of uncertainty over the nation's largest bank on Wednesday. Tweets from Fox Business News reporters on Wednesday were the latest indication that Dimon was still in the running for the job. But initial word from anchor Maria Bartiromo that he would "get" the job was quickly knocked down. JPMorgan spokespeople have declined to make any official comment about the idea of Dimon joining the Trump administration since Nov. 10, when reports first surfaced that he was a contender for Treasury secretary. Dimon declined to comment through a representative on Wednesday. A Trump transition team source told Reuters that Dimon is "pitching hard" for the Treasury role. However, two other sources indicated that he is not interested. One said Dimon has told colleagues since Nov. 8, when Trump won the election, that he would not take the role. The three sources spoke on the condition of anonymity. Bartiromo cited a meeting on Thursday where a decision will be made on either Dimon or Steve Mnuchin, who was Trump's campaign finance manager, as Treasury secretary. Her colleague Charles Gasparino said Dimon would only be willing to play an advisory role. Fortune reported later that Dimon has already said no. Whatever the outcome, speculation about his departure from JPMorgan rattled some investors. Dimon has run JPMorgan for a decade and is viewed as a torchbearer for Wall Street. He does not have a clear successor. "He is one of the best CEOs in the industry and corporate America, so if there were to be a quick departure that would be troubling," said Walter Todd, chief investment officer at Greenwood Capital Management, which owns JPMorgan shares. "It is very difficult to replace someone like him." JPMorgan's shares closed down 2.5 percent at $77.40 on heavy volume, though much of the move came before the Treasury speculation heated up. Although Dimon has said repeatedly and publicly that he would not want to be Treasury secretary, it is rare to reject a president-elect's request to join his Cabinet. Doing so could put JPMorgan in an awkward position, because it would then be regulated by an administration Dimon spurned. But if Dimon did take the job, it is not clear who would step in as CEO. Several senior executives' names have been floated in the past as potential successors, including Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames and heads of business units such as Gordon Smith, Douglas Petno and Daniel Pinto, but none has been identified by the bank or insiders as being the clear choice to take over as CEO. (Reporting by David Henry in New York and Steve Holland in Washington; Additional reporting by Chuck Mikolajczak; Writing by Lauren Tara LaCapra; Editing by Alden Bentley and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring -source By Reuters Published: 18:39 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 18:39 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail By Noeleen Walder Nov 16 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co will pay more than $250 million to settle allegations by the U.S. government that it had hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. The bank will pay roughly $200 million combined to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department and more than $50 million to the Federal Reserve, the source said. There will not be any individual prosecution at this time, the source said. The SEC opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring. The Justice Department opened a parallel investigation around the same time. Investment banks have a long history of employing the children of China's politically connected. While close ties to top government officials are a boon to any banking franchise across the world, they are especially beneficial in China, where relationships and personal connections play a critical role in business decisions. The SEC, JPMorgan and the Justice Department all declined to comment. The settlement was first reported by Bloomberg. It will end a probe into whether the bank's hires violated U.S. anti-bribery laws, Bloomberg said. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru and Noeleen Walder in New York; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Leslie Adler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan to settle China hiring probe - Bbg By Reuters Published: 16:18 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 16:18 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail Nov 16 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase & Co will pay about $200 million to settle allegations that it hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources. The U.S. Securities and Exchange commission opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring of "princelings", the term used in Asia to refer to the children or younger relatives of China's political leaders or top executives at state-owned enterprises. The settlement with the U.S. authorities could be announced as soon as Thursday, Bloomberg said. http://bloom.bg/2ghScue The SEC and JPMorgan declined to comment. The Justice Department was not immediately available to comment. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Simple Reason JPMorgan Chase Could Soon Make a Lot More Money If the incoming Trump administration follows through on its promise to "dismantle" the Dodd-Frank Act, it could translate into substantially higher profits for JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Nov 16, 2016 at 2:44PM Image source: Wikipedia Commons. It's still too early to know exactly what the incoming Trump administration will mean for the nation's biggest banks, but if it follows through on its designs to deregulate the financial industry, then JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) could be on the verge of making a lot more money. There are a number of reasons for this, but the biggest all of could come from changes to bank capital requirements. The regulatory pendulum In the wake of the financial crisis, regulators scaled up the type and amount of capital that banks have to hold against the assets on their balance sheets. It was believed that by doing so, banks could survive the next crisis without needing to be bailed out by the government. Not only would banks have to hold more capital than they did previously, but the quality of the capital would need to be better. No longer would debt instruments and even certain types of preferred stock count as loss-absorbing capital. That role could now only be filled by common equity. The impact was particularly severe for the nation's biggest banks -- those like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup. Because these banks are now designated as global systemically important banks, or GSIBs, they're obligated to hold even more capital than their smaller, simpler peers in the regional banking space. JPMorgan Chase must maintain a so-called GSIB surcharge of an added 3.5 percentage points' worth of high-quality capital relative to its risk-weighted assets. Bank of America and Citigroup's surcharges come out to 3.0 percentage points above non-systematically important banks. The net result is that capital requirements have more than doubled for large banks. Going into the crisis, JPMorgan Chase faced a Tier 1 capital ratio of 4%. Now, after all the current rules are phased in, that figure is 10.5%. Data source: JPMorgan Chase. Chart by author. JPMorgan Chase alone holds so much capital now that it could absorb the combined losses of America's 31 largest banks under the most extreme version of the Federal Reserve's latest stress test. As CNN noted earlier this year: The Federal Reserve's stress tests estimate that JPMorgan alone would lose $55 billion in a worst-case economic situation. But the government has forced big banks to stock up on lots of capital. JPMorgan now has $350 billion of loss-absorbing resources. That means the banking giant actually has enough capital to swallow the losses of the next 30 banks, which is estimated at $167 billion. Because this reduces the amount of leverage banks like JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, and Citigroup can use, it weighs directly on their bottom lines. It's one of the main reasons that banks are struggling nowadays to earn their costs of capital by generating returns on equity above 10%. Higher liquidity requirements, too To make matters worse, regulators also now require banks to keep a larger share of their assets in high-quality liquid assets than they did before the 2008 crisis. The thought process is that these assets can be readily converted to cash in the event of a bank run, similar to what brought down Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual in 2008. At the end of the third quarter, JPMorgan Chase had $539 billion worth of high-quality liquid assets. To put that in perspective, that's only slightly less than the $587 billion market cap of Apple, the largest company by market cap in the United States. The problem is that highly liquid assets yield less than loans. The $409 billion that JPMorgan Chase kept as an average balance in deposits at other banks last quarter yielded only 0.44% on an annualized basis. Meanwhile, its average loan yielded 4.23%. This means that for every $100 billion that JPMorgan Chase allocates to highly liquid assets as opposed to loans, it forgoes almost $1 billion worth of interest income each quarter. That's a lot of money when you consider that the New York-based bank tends to earn around $6 billion on a quarterly basis. Dismantling Dodd-Frank The good news for JPMorgan Chase is that all of this could change under a Trump administration, which has promised to "dismantle" the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act that empowered regulators to raise both capital and liquidity requirements. Trump's camp has been notoriously scant with details about possible changes to financial regulations (or, for that matter, anything), but we can get a sense for their thinking by looking at the Financial CHOICE Act proposed by Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, who's purportedly being considered for Treasury Secretary in the incoming administration. The central component of the proposed legislation would be to exempt banks from many of the heightened capital and liquidity requirements so long as they maintain a base level of capital. One could argue that this would reduce the soundness of the banking sector, as it almost certainly would, but there's little doubt that it'd serve as a potent stimulant to banks' bottom lines, and few more so than JPMorgan Chase. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Nov 16, 2016 at 2:44PM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $77.71 down $0.31 (-0.40%) Read More Is America the New Japan? Is Warren Buffett Abandoning Wells Fargo? Is JPMorgan Chase Stock a Buy Right Now? The Best Bank Stocks for Dividend Investors Is JPMorgan Chase Stock a Buy Right Now? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad REUTERS SUMMIT-Dollar direction to dictate Asian equities outlook - JPMorgan Asset Management By Reuters Published: 06:16 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 06:16 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail By Sumeet Chatterjee, Julie Zhu and Lisa Jucca HONG KONG, Nov 16 (Reuters) - The direction of the dollar, which has surged since the U.S. presidential election, will determine the outlook for Asian equities in the near to medium term, the head of emerging at JPMorgan Asset Management said. The dollar rose to a one-year high against a basket of currencies on expectations U.S. interest rates will rise faster than previously anticipated if President-elect Donald Trump cuts taxes and boosts infrastructure spending. "The first thing we need to focus on is has the direction of the dollar changed because of the change in the administration," Richard Titherington, who is also head of Asia Pacific Equities team, told the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit. "Investors had been assuming that the dollar had peaked. If that assumption turns out to be wrong ... that does change the landscape quite dramatically and in general terms you would normally think that a rising dollar is a negative for emerging markets and Asian equities." MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan ended flat on Wednesday having touched a four-month low touched earlier this week. The index is down more than 4 percent since Nov. 8. Sharp gains in U.S. bond yields have drawn investors to the dollar, and the dollar index is just 0.5 percent away from its highest in more than 13-1/2 years. The strength has fanned fears funds are shifting to the United States from emerging markets. The Chinese yuan, on the other hand, weakened to 6.8703 to the dollar, its lowest level since December 2008. There was no investor panic because of the weaker yuan as the depreciation in the currency was backed by a stabilisation in the world's second-largest economy, Titherington said at the summit in Hong Kong. "The Chinese authorities have managed to engineer a currency adjustment without creating concerns that there is capital flight going on, which is a positive," he said, adding that the yuan would weaken further if the dollar continues to strengthen. Within Asia, Titherington said he was bullish on the long-term prospects for Indian and Vietnamese equity markets. He said, however, that India could see a negative impact in the short term due to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's order to withdraw large denomination banknotes from circulation in a shock "demonetisation" drive to fight tax evasion, corruption and forgery. "Is the sell-off that you've seen in the equities over the last week, is that an opportunity or is it the market telling you this currency reform is going to cause significant problems for a long period of time?," he said, referring to the withdrawal of some bank notes. "I will tend to be optimistic ... certainly the government in India is taking a very big risk which I think is a long-term positive." Reuters Summits on Twitter @Reuters_Summits For more summit stories, see (Editing by David Clarke) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investing Ideas Here’s the Next Big Thing for China’s Internet Stocks The growing use of online celebrities to promote products is great news for Weibo, Momo and YY. By Daniel Shane Biography November 16, 2016 Papi Jiang may not enjoy the pop-culture cache of Kim Kardashian, but she’s one of China’s growing army of online celebrities cashing in on the scramble to attract the eyeballs of the Middle Kingdom’s online shoppers. Known as “wanghong,”... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Taming Federal Debt: The Case for 100-Year Bonds Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bonds Suddenly Look Like a Bargain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. ETFs: How to Play This Brave New Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Ready to Step on the Gas Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Has the Trump Rally Gone Too Far? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Case for 100-Year Treasuries 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 3 How to Get the Best Financial Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JP Morgan, Credit Agricole: Sources By Reuters  |   Published: 16th November 2016 08:23 AM  |   Last Updated: 16th November 2016 08:23 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The moon rises over the HSBC building in the Canary Wharf financial district of London, a day before the 'supermoon' spectacle, in London, Britain November 13, 2016. | Reuters BRUSSELS: EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC <HSBA.L>, JPMorgan <JPM.N> and Credit Agricole <CAGR.PA> by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company's global turnover for breaching the bloc's rules. JPMorgan said the EU charges were without merit when it was served the document and that it would defend itself. Credit Agricole has said it would examine the charge sheet. HSBC said at that time that it would defend itself vigorously. Deutsche Bank <DBKGn.DE>, RBS <RBS.L> and Societe Generale <SOGN.PA> admitted guilt in December 2013. Barclays <BARC.L> avoided a fine because it alerted the Commission. U.S. and European regulators have so far handed down billion-dollar fines to more than 10 banks and brokerages for rigging the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and its euro cousin Euribor. Prosecutors have also charged more than a dozen men with fraud-related offences. TAGS EU HSBC JP Morgan Credit Agricole fine O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest One killed, 3 injured in three blasts in Manipur Infant dies as Pune hospital refuses payment in old notes Bhagwant Mann to contest against Sukhbir Badal: Kejriwal Over Rs 16 lakh cash seized in Gujarat's Sabarkantha district Man burns 16-year-old daughter to death in Mathura Gallery Chennai's Saidapet gets old cine charm with graffiti on station walls First glimpses from bypolls: Citizens vote in Puducherry, Tamil Nadu arrow Videos Taylor Swift becomes an 'experience' Why Pennsylvania Democrats voted for Trump arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Home Industry Companies EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole: Sources EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole: Sources EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. By: Reuters | Brussels | Published: November 16, 2016 3:55 AM The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company’s global turnover for breaching the bloc’s rules. (Reuters) EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe’s biggest bank HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company’s global turnover for breaching the bloc’s rules. JPMorgan said the EU charges were without merit when it was served the document and that it would defend itself. Credit Agricole has said it would examine the charge sheet. HSBC said at that time that it would defend itself vigorously. Deutsche Bank, RBS and Societe Generale admitted guilt in December 2013. Barclays avoided a fine because it alerted the Commission. U.S. and European regulators have so far handed down billion-dollar fines to more than 10 banks and brokerages for rigging the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and its euro cousin Euribor. Prosecutors have also charged more than a dozen men with fraud-related offences. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com U.S. Auto Parts Announces Stock Repurchase Program and Extends its Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase The repurchase program is expected to continue through March 4, 2017 unless extended or shortened by the board of directors. In addition, U.S. Auto Parts has amended its credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase to, among other things, extend the term of the agreement for an additional three years through April 26, 2020. U.S. Auto Parts CFO Neil Watanabe commented: “This extension speaks to the confidence our commercial banking partner has in our organization. We look forward to continuing our partnership with JPMorgan Chase as they provide us with the flexibility to support our growing business.” Additional details regarding U.S. Auto Parts’ amended credit agreement can be found on the Form 8-K filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. Established in 1995, U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading online provider of automotive aftermarket parts, including collision, engine, and performance parts and accessories. Through the Company’s network of websites, U.S. Auto Parts provides consumers with a broad selection of competitively priced products, all mapped by a proprietary database with applications based on vehicle makes, models and years. U.S. Auto Parts’ flagship websites include www.autopartswarehouse.com, www.carparts.com, www.jcwhitney.com, and www.AutoMD.com, as well as the Company’s corporate website at www.usautoparts.net. U.S. Auto Parts is headquartered in Carson, California. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the Company’s share repurchase program, the Company’s timing and ability to repurchase shares of the Company’s common stock under a share repurchase program, and the improved terms of the credit agreement.  These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including, but not limited to, (a) fluctuations in the trading volume and market price of shares of the Company’s common stock, general business and market conditions and management’s determination of alternative needs and uses of the Company’s cash resources which may affect the Company’s share repurchase program; and (b) competitive pressures, our dependence on search engines to attract customers, demand for U.S. Auto Parts’ products, the online market for aftermarket auto parts, the operating restrictions in our credit agreement, and the weather, as well as such other risks as may be detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any of them to reflect actual results, any changes in expectations or any change in events. If the Company does update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that it will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, and risks to the Company’s business in general, please refer to the Risk Factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are available at www.usautoparts.net and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.  You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements in this release and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Company Contacts: Neil T. Watanabe, Chief Financial Officer U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (424) 702-1455 x421 nwatanabe@usautoparts.com Investor Relations: Cody Slach or Sean Mansouri Liolios 949-574-3860 PRTS@liolios.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/us-auto-parts-announces-stock-repurchase-program-and-extends-its-credit-agreement-with-jpmorgan-chase-300363539.html SOURCE U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. Related Links http://www.usautoparts.net Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 15, 2016November 15, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Global Toilet Flush Valve Market 2016: Size, Share, Regional Outlook, Forecast – 2021 Next Next post: Global Toilet Concealed Cistern Market 2016: Size, Share, Regional Outlook, Forecast – 2021 Search for: Search Recent Posts Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 1 Reason Bank of America's Dividend Could Soar Under a Donald Trump Presidency By stripping the Federal Reserve of power over bank capital plans, the incoming Trump administration could ignite a rapid dividend increase at Bank of America. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Nov 15, 2016 at 4:06PM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. The more I dig into the impact of the presidential election on banks, the more it seems like Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) will benefit tremendously under a Donald Trump presidency. One of the biggest ways the North Carolina-based bank could gain is from a loosening of regulations around capital distributions -- dividends and share buybacks. Regulatory oversight of capital plans Current regulations give the Federal Reserve the authority to veto a bank's decision to increase its dividend or buy back stock. The Fed hasn't been shy about using this power either. In 2011, it denied Bank of America's request to boost its dividend for the first time since the financial crisis. The following year, Bank of America didn't even ask to do so. The net result is that Bank of America has only increased its dividend twice over the past eight years. It boosted its then nominal $0.01 per-share payout in 2014 to $0.05 per share. And it did so again this year, raising its quarterly distribution by an additional 50%, to $0.075 per share. BAC Dividend data by YCharts. This stands in stark contrast to many of Bank of America's closest competitors, banks like JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC). JPMorgan Chase has raised its dividend every year since 2011. The nation's largest bank by assets now pays out more per share than it did before the financial crisis. JPMorgan Chase's current dividend is $0.48 per share. And the story is the same for Wells Fargo. Just like JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo has boosted its quarterly payout in each of the past six years. Wells Fargo now distributes $0.38 per share each quarter. The net result is that, from the perspective of income investors, Bank of America has been left in the dust by Wells Fargo and JPMorgan Chase. Likely regulatory changes Under a Trump administration, the playing field could soon be leveled for Bank of America. One of Trump's signature policy proposals is to roll back significant portions of the Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed in the wake of the financial crisis and vests the authority to stress test banks in the Federal Reserve. And while it's too early to know exactly what these changes will entail, there's reason to believe that they'll eliminate the Fed's authority to deny bank capital plans. You can get a sense for this by looking at the so-called Financial CHOICE Act, proposed by Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, who's purportedly being considered by Trump for Treasury Secretary. Among other things, the CHOICE Act would no longer allow the Fed to deny a bank's capital plans if it maintains a leverage ratio of at least 10% -- meaning that its assets are no more than 10 times its tangible equity. It's no exaggeration to think that this could translate into a dramatically higher dividend for Bank of America's shareholders. This follows from the fact that Bank of America distributes half as much of its earnings each year when compared to JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo. Bank of America's payout ratio is currently 16%, while JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo's are each above 30%. It remains to be seen what path Trump's administration will take when it comes to financial reform. However, if there's any truth to the rumors that the incoming president could use Hensarling's approach as a guidepost, then Bank of America's shareholders may soon be on the receiving end of a much bigger quarterly dividend. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 4:06PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $20.00 down $0.08 (-0.40%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $77.71 down $0.31 (-0.40%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.82 up $0.33 (0.63%) Read More Is America the New Japan? Bank of America Reports Solid Third-Quarter Earnings Bank of America's Stock Is Approaching a Very Significant Threshold 1 Reason Bank of America Could Soon Earn a Lot More Money Bank Stocks Downgraded: Is the Trump Rally Kaput? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources By Reuters Published: 15:55 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 15:55 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS, Nov 15 (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company's global turnover for breaching the bloc's rules. JPMorgan said the EU charges were without merit when it was served the document and that it would defend itself. Credit Agricole has said it would examine the charge sheet. HSBC said at that time that it would defend itself vigorously. Deutsche Bank, RBS and Societe Generale admitted guilt in December 2013. Barclays avoided a fine because it alerted the Commission. U.S. and European regulators have so far handed down billion-dollar fines to more than 10 banks and brokerages for rigging the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and its euro cousin Euribor. Prosecutors have also charged more than a dozen men with fraud-related offences. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu People are getting sick of working in the “sharing” economy Written by Alison Griswold Obsession Getting There November 15, 2016 Not all it’s cracked up to be. (Reuters/Stephen Lam) Share Written by Alison Griswold Obsession Getting There November 15, 2016 We may have already reached peak “sharing” economy. Average monthly earnings on “labor” platforms such as Uber, which use technology to match workers (like drivers) to people who need a service (like riders), peaked in June 2014, according to new data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute, the research arm of JPMorgan Chase. On “capital” platforms such as Airbnb, which help people rent out assets like a car or spare room, the share of US adults participating has declined from the previous year. On both types of online platforms, wages are growing more slowly as is overall participation. And retention is awful: 52% of people working for labor platforms quit within a year, and 56% of those on capital platforms vacate in the first 12 months. Participation in the “sharing” or “gig” economy was once touted as the future of work in America. But the new data from the JPMorgan Chase Institute suggests that isn’t the case. Instead, wages for workers have gotten worse as many of these companies—Uber and Lyft, to pick two examples—have cut pay rates to make prices more attractive to consumers. And the jobs themselves appear to have served as stop-gap measures for people who were unemployed or had fallen on hard times during and after the recession. As the US economy has improved—with six years of unbroken job growth and even an uptick in wages—a greater share of those gig participants are finding better jobs. So they’ve stopped or cut down on their Uber and related gig work. “It doesn’t look like [gig work] is becoming more lucrative for people,” says Fiona Greig, co-author on the JPMorgan Chase Institute report. “As the labor force strengthens in general, more and more people have better options.” Jobs on these online platforms were always tenuous. “Labor” companies like Uber, Lyft, and TaskRabbit have made a practice of hiring their workers as independent contractors rather than employees. The setup means workers get more flexibility—setting your own schedule is a big talking point—but don’t get benefits such as health care, a guaranteed minimum wage, and other protections offered by full-time employment in America. Previous work from the JPMorgan Chase Institute found that the people working for companies such as Uber were typically doing so to offset shortfalls in their monthly earnings. The poorer those workers were, the more they also depended on their gig income. People in more stable financial situations, however, are more likely to quit gig work altogether. According to the JPMorgan Chase Institute, 56% of people employed somewhere other than an online labor platform drop out within 12 months. For those whose only work is on online labor platforms, that figure falls to 37%. Similarly, people with higher incomes are more likely to cease working for companies like Uber. None of this is great news for investors or managers of sharing economy startups. The retention figures should alarm startups that spent heavily to build up legions of independent contractors, then struggled to keep those people sticking around. In early 2015, a paper from influential labor economist Alan Krueger found that only about 55% of Uber drivers remained active one year after starting. That metric appears to be getting worse, not better. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 24 November 2016. 6pm 08 December 2016. 6pm 12 January 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CNSX COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX ISDX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - Euro-zone industrial production declined in September Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:25 15 Nov 2016 ., Tue UK Market Snapshot UK markets ended in the green yesterday, buoyed by gains in mining and financial sector shares amid a weaker Pound. Lenders, Lloyds Banking Group, Royal Bank of Scotland Group and Barclays climbed 1.8%, 4.4% and 5.2%, respectively, on mounting expectations that the US President-elect, Donald Trump, would loose industry regulations. Miners, Glencore, Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton edged up 1.2%, 2.5% and 2.9%, respectively. Taylor Wimpey advanced 3.1%, as it projected a rise in its operating profit margin for 2016 and stated that trading has remained strong during the second half of the year. DCC gained 2.8%, as it expects its earnings for the fiscal year 2017 would be significantly higher than the previous year. On the contrary, BP and Royal Dutch Shell slid 0.4% and 1.0%, respectively, tracking losses in crude oil prices. The FTSE 100 added 0.3%, to close at 6,753.2, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.2%, to settle at 17,472.4. US Market Snapshot US markets closed mostly lower yesterday, weighed down by a decline in tech heavyweights, as investors evaluated the prospects of US economic growth following Trump’s Presidential election win. Microsoft, Apple and Facebook dropped 1.5%, 2.5% and 3.3%, respectively. On the positive side, Harman International Industries rallied 25.2%, after South Korean giant, Samsung Electronics unveiled plans to buy the former in an all-cash deal valued at $8.0 billion. Mentor Graphics surged 18.3%, following merger deal with German-based, Siemens worth $4.5 billion. Financial sector stocks, Goldman Sachs Group, JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America climbed 2.6%, 3.7% and 5.6%, respectively. Retailers, Target, Costco Wholesale and Dollar General advanced 1.2%, 1.8% and 2.6%, respectively. The S&P 500 slipped marginally, to settle at 2,164.2. The DJIA gained 0.1%, to settle at 18,868.7, while the NASDAQ slid 0.4%, to close at 5,218.4. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed higher yesterday, as a slump in the Euro boosted exporters in the region. Intrum Justitia jumped 7.8%, after it disclosed plans to buy its competitor, Lindorff in a deal valued at $1.96 billion. Sonova Holding rose 1.1%, as it projected an increase in its sales growth for the second half of the year. Siemens added 1.0%, after it agreed to acquire US-based, Mentor Graphics for $4.5 billion in cash to expand its industrial software capabilities. Bucking the trend, energy sector shares, Eni, Neste and Saipem declined 2.3%, 3.3% and 3.6%, respectively, on lower crude oil prices. RWE dropped 3.5%, after it reported worse than anticipated loss for the third quarter. The FTSEurofirst 300 index rose 0.2%, to close at 1,335.3. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 advanced 0.2%, to close at 10,693.7, while the French CAC-40 gained 0.4%, to settle at 4,508.6. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly lower this morning. In Japan, Tokuyama, Hokuetsu Kishu Paper and Dentsu have tumbled 3.3%, 7.0% and 7.4%, respectively. Exporters, Panasonic and Sony have lost 0.2% and 2.2%, respectively, as the Japanese Yen recovered against the greenback. On the flipside, Sumitomo Realty & Development, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings and Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group have advanced 3.6%, 4.1% and 4.5%, respectively. In Hong Kong, oil firms, Sinopec Oilfield Service and CNOOC have gained 0.7% and 1.2%, respectively. In South Korea, Hanjin Shipping has climbed 5.2%, after Korea Line, down 14.0%, was picked as the preferred bidder to acquire its assets. Samsung Electronics has added 0.8%, after it announced plans to buy Harman International Industries for $8.0 billion. The Nikkei 225 index is trading marginally lower at 17,670.8. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.4% up at 22,314.6, while the Kospi index is trading marginally lower at 1,974.2. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs A&J Mucklow Group, Animalcare Group, Avation, Jupiter US Smaller Companies, Progility, Smiths Group, REA Holdings EGMs Ascent Resources, Futura Medical Final Dividend Payment Date Ideagen Interim Dividend Payment Date Bristol & West 'A', Curtis Banks Group, Inspired Energy, Sagicor Financial Corporation Limited (DI), Staffline Group Special Dividend Payment Date Taptica International (DI) Quarterly Payment Date Abbott Laboratories Trading Announcements Crest Nicholson Holdings, Meggitt, Card Factory, TORM, Lavendon, Polypipe, Cineworld Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Barratt Developments, Celtic, Henderson EuroTrust, JPMorgan Emerging Markets Inv Trust, Vast Resources, Mercantile Investment Trust EGMs DiamondCorp Final Dividend Payment Date Strategic Equity Capital Interim Dividend Payment Date InterQuest Group Trading Announcements Barratt Developments, Aggreko Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 1.60% or $0.71 higher at $45.14 per barrel, ahead of the American Petroleum Institute’s weekly oil inventory data, scheduled to be released later today. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.72% or $0.32, to settle at $44.43 per barrel. Meanwhile, news emerged that the OPEC members were seeking to settle their differences on much hyped crude oil production deal. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.25% or $3.10 higher at $1224.80 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract dropped 0.21% or $2.60, to settle at $1221.70 per ounce, amid a broad strength in the greenback. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.14% higher against the USD at $1.0749, ahead of the Euro-zone preliminary GDP growth for the third quarter and ZEW survey data for November across the region, set to release in a few hours. Yesterday, the EUR declined 1.07% versus the USD, to close at $1.0734. Meanwhile, data showed that the Euro-zone industrial production dropped less than expected on a monthly basis in September. The US Dollar surged to 11-month high against its rivals amid hopes that fiscal and trade policies under Donald Trump’s administration would stoke inflation in the US. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading a tad higher against the USD at $1.2489, ahead of the UK consumer price index for October, slated to release in a few hours. Additionally, the US retail sales figures for October, due later today, will garner a lot of market attention. Yesterday, the GBP weakened 0.90% versus the USD, to close at $1.2485. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields sharply higher, extending their recent sell-off, on expectations that President-elect Donald Trump would adopt stimulative economic policies. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes jumped 8 basis points to 2.23%, while yield on 2-year notes surged 8 basis points to 1.00%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield climbed 5 basis points to 2.99%. Key Economic News Euro-zone industrial production declined in September On a monthly basis, the seasonally adjusted industrial production in the Euro-zone dropped 0.8% in September, compared with a revised rise of 1.8% in the prior month. Markets were anticipating industrial production to fall 1.0%. Italian CPI recorded a drop in October In October, on a monthly basis, the final consumer price index (CPI) recorded a drop of 0.1% in Italy. It had dropped 0.2% in the prior month. Japanese industrial production recorded a rise in September In Japan, the final industrial production advanced 0.6% in September, on a monthly basis. In the previous month, it had risen 1.3%.     . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2016 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Monday 21 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says 1479662918 World In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands 1479661985 Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard 1479662687 World Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured 1479661609 Business Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source 1479662513 World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks 1479663402 World French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election 1479659311 World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef 1479660543 World Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima 1479659628 World Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping 1479658875 World UK's Hammond says budget options constrained by high debt 1479656762 World Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce 1479656165 World Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: U.N. refugee chief 1479655835 World Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor: sources 1479655959 Business After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge 1479496720 World U.N. Syria envoy says local government in rebel-held Aleppo area should stay on 1479652997 World Haiti holds long-awaited election still reeling from hurricane 1479653761 World India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured 1479652705 Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone 1479646380 Lifestyle Talk politics with your kids — Yes, you can! 1479467460 World S’pore to amend legislation to bring TPP into effect next year 1479633660 World Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead 1479651187 World South Africa's opposition parties urge Zuma to report corruption to police 1479646715 Business Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 1479647032 World Center-left leader nominated as Estonia's next PM 1479646875 World Damascus wants Trump to end rebel support: Syria foreign minister 1479643499 World Pope closes Roman Catholic 'Holy Year' marked by lights and shadows 1479643338 World Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war 1479546193 World Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone 1479641704 World Austrian chancellor: Le Pen victory would hurt Europe's economy 1479641633 World Rescue ship carrying migrants reaches Italy after deadly week in Mediterranean 1479641365 China&India Terrorism, fake news justify tighter Web rules: China 1479641760 World Britain must be able to transition smoothly out of EU: Hammond 1479640654 Sports Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red 1479575940 World Bersih 5 appearance just Dr M’s latest U-turn, says Malaysia's Najib 1479640080 World Seven nabbed during Bersih 5 for various offences 1479558960 World Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control 1479637746 World Seven children killed in rebel shelling of Aleppo school: monitor 1479637301 World Turkish soldier killed in Islamic State attack in northern Syria 1479635432 World Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator 1479637938 World China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. 1479635469 World Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times 1479633840 Tech Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook 1479635760 World Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc 1479633711 World Meeting Putin, Philippines' Duterte rails at Western 'hypocrisy' 1479625200 World South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal 1479632650 World Lawyer for South Korea president rejects prosecutors' comments on her role in scandal 1479630773 Sports Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits 1479574260 World Suspect in Australian bank fire identified as asylum seeker 1479628750 Singapore Unpredictability, intensity draw fans to combat sports Business JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring: source A man walks into the JP Morgan headquarters at Canary Wharf in London. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 6:50 AM, November 17, 2016 Updated: 8:10 AM, November 17, 2016 JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> will pay more than $250 million to settle allegations by the U.S. government that it had hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. The bank will pay roughly $200 million combined to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department and more than $50 million to the Federal Reserve, the source said. There will not be any individual prosecution at this time, the source said. The SEC opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring. The Justice Department opened a parallel investigation around the same time. Investment banks have a long history of employing the children of China's politically connected. While close ties to top government officials are a boon to any banking franchise across the world, they are especially beneficial in China, where relationships and personal connections play a critical role in business decisions. The SEC, JPMorgan and the Justice Department all declined to comment. The settlement was first reported by Bloomberg. It will end a probe into whether the bank's hires violated U.S. anti-bribery laws, Bloomberg said. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo faces tighter controls as U.S. regulator reverses course Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Inside Today World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade New Zealand's Key says China will fill trade void left by U.S. Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits Suzuki Cup: Backs to the wall, Lions defy odds to earn point Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Business JPMorgan to settle China hiring probe, reports say Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 5:58 PM ETReuters SHARES Justin Sullivan | Getty Images JPMorgan Chase and Co. chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon JPMorgan Chase will pay more than $200 million to settle allegations that it had hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) had opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring. There will not be any individual prosecution at this time, the source said. The bank will pay about $130 million to the SEC and about $70 million to the Justice Department, Bloomberg said, citing sources. Investment banks have a long history of employing the children of China's politically connected. While close ties to top government officials is a boon to any banking franchise across the world, it's especially beneficial in China, where relationships and personal connections play a critical role in business decisions. The SEC, JPMorgan and the Justice Department declined to comment. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
JPMorgan to settle China hiring probe - Bloomberg | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump win the US elections? Firstpost. Monday, November 21, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics PM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee, Congress in Agra over demonetisation Opposition climbing same tree like rats, snakes in flood: Amit Shah Agra: Narendra Modi launches affordable housing scheme, says 'every Indian to have house by 2022' Arvind Kejriwal to release AAP's 'Dalit manifesto', will address 21 rallies in Punjab State-funded elections: PM Modi must realise it's an incomplete exercise without a transparent system Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Sports Premier League: Chelsea go to the top of the table after hard-fought win over Middlesbrough Ranji Trophy: Bengal eye victory against Baroda in their 400th First-class match Ranji Trophy: Gautam Gambhir, Shikhar Dhawan set to open as desperate Delhi aim for win ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC's second half rally helps them earn a draw against Atletico de Kolkata India vs England: Stuart Broad says he picked up bowling tricks from Zaheer Khan Cristiano Ronaldo's emotional speech: Watch Portugal captain address team after Euro 2016 win India Patna-Indore Express train accident: Over 115 killed and more than 200 injured Indo-US ties are too dynamic, pulling back not in interest of anyone: Biswal Sharia banking: RBI proposes opening 'Islamic window' in banks We can work towards 'Make in India & Make with India': Israel President Reuven Rivlin Kashmir conflict: New sturdier fence might be the answer to mounting infiltration problems Demonetisation: Drive must have hit terrorism hard but we shouldn't ignore roots of corruption World Donald Trump set to announce new cabinet picks Donald Trump likely to be invited to Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II, says report Rebel rocket fire on west Aleppo hits school, kills 7 children: Syria state TV Arch-rivals Donald Trump and Mitt Romney meet, discusse world affairs Francois Hollande warns Donald Trump, says Paris climate agreement 'irreversible' Barack Obama, Xi Jinping hold final meet; US-China ties at 'hinge moment' Business Demonetisation: PM Modi aborted plan to calibrate ATMs for Rs 100 notes. Why? Demonetisation: India had civilisation before Modi became PM, says Chidambaram Demonetisation effect: Hungry stomachs are making poor seethe to the point of silent revolt 'Free agents' vs 'prisoners' at workplace: Nirmalya Kumar on rewards and punishments Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Demonetisation: Narendra Modi risks too much by triggering a crisis for cooperative banks Life Indian American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal's parents: 'She's interested in social justice' Slow Food: Why we need a movement to halt the advent of the fast, junk food culture Travels through the Amazon: Journeying through the rainforest, along Lima, Peru, Brazil Breastfeeding: Here's why it may be a good idea to nurse babies during vaccinations The day isn't far when India may have to import scientists: Vijnana Bharati's A Jayakumar St+Art Festival: How street art added colour to public spaces in Bengaluru, Hyderabad Entertainment Kattappanayile Rithwik Roshan review: A baby step on a dismal cinematic landscape Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: A worthy, magical addition to the Harry Potter universe Gilmore Girls countdown: The 10 best pop culture references from the show Rekha Bhardwaj: The musical compatibility between Vishal and me is extraordinary Twinkle Khanna on being Mrs Funnybones: 'I realised that being myself was good enough' Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News JPMorgan to settle China hiring probe - Bloomberg | Reuters Nov 17, 2016 03:30 IST #Argentina   #article   #China   #Entertainment   #lifestyle   #United Kingdom   By Reuters JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) will pay about $200 million to settle allegations that it hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday, citing sources.The U.S. Securities and Exchange commission opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring of "princelings", the term used in Asia to refer to the children or younger relatives of China's political leaders or top executives at state-owned enterprises.The settlement with the U.S. authorities could be announced as soon as Thursday, Bloomberg said. bloom.bg/2ghScue The SEC and JPMorgan declined to comment. The Justice Department was not immediately available to comment. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Nov 17, 2016 03:30 IST Related News Romney under 'active consideration' for Secretary of State - Pence | Reuters Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead | Reuters Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control | Reuters Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 87 2 59.2 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Meet India's 1st Woman IPS Officer to Be Put in Charge of CM's Security - News18 Demonestisation LIVE: PM Modi in Agra, assures people's sacrifices won't go in vain India vs England, 2nd Test: Hosts' well-timed strikes on Day 4 put them on path to victory Stop believing these credit score myths - Moneycontrol Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs WI Zimbabwe tied with West Indies Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK New Zealand beat Pakistan by 8 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Dec 8th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef | Reuters CORRECTED: Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Monday 21 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says 1479662918 World In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands 1479661985 Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard 1479662687 World Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured 1479661609 Business Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source 1479662513 World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks 1479663402 World French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election 1479659311 World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef 1479660543 World Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima 1479659628 World Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping 1479658875 World UK's Hammond says budget options constrained by high debt 1479656762 World Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce 1479656165 World Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: U.N. refugee chief 1479655835 World Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor: sources 1479655959 Business After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge 1479496720 World U.N. Syria envoy says local government in rebel-held Aleppo area should stay on 1479652997 World Haiti holds long-awaited election still reeling from hurricane 1479653761 World India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured 1479652705 Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone 1479646380 Lifestyle Talk politics with your kids — Yes, you can! 1479467460 World S’pore to amend legislation to bring TPP into effect next year 1479633660 World Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead 1479651187 World South Africa's opposition parties urge Zuma to report corruption to police 1479646715 Business Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 1479647032 World Center-left leader nominated as Estonia's next PM 1479646875 World Damascus wants Trump to end rebel support: Syria foreign minister 1479643499 World Pope closes Roman Catholic 'Holy Year' marked by lights and shadows 1479643338 World Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war 1479546193 World Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone 1479641704 World Austrian chancellor: Le Pen victory would hurt Europe's economy 1479641633 World Rescue ship carrying migrants reaches Italy after deadly week in Mediterranean 1479641365 China&India Terrorism, fake news justify tighter Web rules: China 1479641760 World Britain must be able to transition smoothly out of EU: Hammond 1479640654 Sports Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red 1479575940 World Bersih 5 appearance just Dr M’s latest U-turn, says Malaysia's Najib 1479640080 World Seven nabbed during Bersih 5 for various offences 1479558960 World Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control 1479637746 World Seven children killed in rebel shelling of Aleppo school: monitor 1479637301 World Turkish soldier killed in Islamic State attack in northern Syria 1479635432 World Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator 1479637938 World China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. 1479635469 World Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times 1479633840 Tech Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook 1479635760 World Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc 1479633711 World Meeting Putin, Philippines' Duterte rails at Western 'hypocrisy' 1479625200 World South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal 1479632650 World Lawyer for South Korea president rejects prosecutors' comments on her role in scandal 1479630773 Sports Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits 1479574260 World Suspect in Australian bank fire identified as asylum seeker 1479628750 Singapore Unpredictability, intensity draw fans to combat sports Business JPMorgan CEO Dimon still part of Trump Treasury talk mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:30 AM, November 17, 2016 Updated: 9:00 AM, November 17, 2016 NEW YORK/WASHINGTON - Conflicting information on whether JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> Chief Executive Jamie Dimon could become U.S. Treasury secretary as part of President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet cast a cloud of uncertainty over the nation's largest bank on Wednesday. Tweets from Fox Business News reporters on Wednesday were the latest indication that Dimon was still in the running for the job. But initial word from anchor Maria Bartiromo that he would "get" the job was quickly knocked down. JPMorgan spokespeople have declined to make any official comment about the idea of Dimon joining the Trump administration since Nov. 10, when reports first surfaced that he was a contender for Treasury secretary. Dimon declined to comment through a representative on Wednesday. A Trump transition team source told Reuters that Dimon is "pitching hard" for the Treasury role. However, two other sources indicated that he is not interested. One said Dimon has told colleagues since Nov. 8, when Trump won the election, that he would not take the role. The three sources spoke on the condition of anonymity. Bartiromo cited a meeting on Thursday where a decision will be made on either Dimon or Steve Mnuchin, who was Trump's campaign finance manager, as Treasury secretary. Her colleague Charles Gasparino said Dimon would only be willing to play an advisory role. Fortune reported later that Dimon has already said no. Whatever the outcome, speculation about his departure from JPMorgan rattled some investors. Dimon has run JPMorgan for a decade and is viewed as a torchbearer for Wall Street. He does not have a clear successor. "He is one of the best CEOs in the industry and corporate America, so if there were to be a quick departure that would be troubling," said Walter Todd, chief investment officer at Greenwood Capital Management, which owns JPMorgan shares. "It is very difficult to replace someone like him." JPMorgan's shares closed down 2.5 percent at $77.40 on heavy volume, though much of the move came before the Treasury speculation heated up. Although Dimon has said repeatedly and publicly that he would not want to be Treasury secretary, it is rare to reject a president-elect's request to join his Cabinet. Doing so could put JPMorgan in an awkward position, because it would then be regulated by an administration Dimon spurned. But if Dimon did take the job, it is not clear who would step in as CEO. Several senior executives' names have been floated in the past as potential successors, including Chief Operating Officer Matt Zames and heads of business units such as Gordon Smith, Douglas Petno and Daniel Pinto, but none has been identified by the bank or insiders as being the clear choice to take over as CEO. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo faces tighter controls as U.S. regulator reverses course Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Inside Today World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade New Zealand's Key says China will fill trade void left by U.S. Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits Suzuki Cup: Backs to the wall, Lions defy odds to earn point Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 76° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Tim Bynum, former councilmember, dies at 62 Posted: November 20, 2016 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Those who knew Tim Bynum say he was a gentle giant who genuinely cared about the island. Comments (0) After recent drownings on Kauai, tourists recognize importance of ocean smarts Updated: November 20, 2016 - 6:54 am LYDGATE — Ed Howard, a visitor from Fort Worth, Texas, takes responsibility for his own safety at the beach. Comments (0) Recent Bryant wins $4,000 as top bartender TGI letter writer dies Arrest log for Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 Da Shadow: Bridge update Obituaries for Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Kapaa High football team members reflect on Division II title game loss Updated: November 20, 2016 - 6:40 am LIHUE — The Warriors returned home Saturday with an unsettling sense of deja vu. Comments (0) Colts JV off to Florida Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:45 am HANAPEPE — “Boss, I don’t even have money for this,” Hanapepe Colts Junior Varsity coach Kyle Linoz said as the clock wound down on the team’s 28-0 win over the Waianae Tigers during Saturday’s Pop Warner Regional Championship. Comments (0) Recent The new normal: John John earns early Triple Crown lead Kapaa again falls short in Division II title game Kapaa Warriors fall to Lahainaluna 21-14 Live blog: Kapaa Warriors take on Lahainaluna Lunas for the HHSAA Division 2 football title UH signs 3-star prospect, Kahuku player Avea Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Hwa-shin is surprised and disappointed Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:05 am Korean cuisine has been gaining popularity in Hawaii along with the popularity of K-dramas and K-pop. Comments (0) Scams, the elderly and how to stay safe Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:05 am Why does it seem that the elderly are the target for more scams than the rest of the population? Is there something about being older that makes one more susceptible to being duped? Studies are being conducted by various researchers to find out why the elderly are more often the victim of these types of crimes and why scam artists consider them easy pickings. Comments (0) Recent The Lydgate residence on Rice Street Talk Story: Ronald Blackstad Births for Nov. 18, 2016 St. Raphael’s Church will hold outreach at Salt Pond Park ‘AARP in Action’ on Dec. 14 Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest KISS concert to feature performances of classic, hit songs Posted: November 18, 2016 - 1:00 am When the Kauai Island Singers sing, they don’t do it so people can hear them. Comments (0) Slack Key Guitar festival stops at the Garden Isle Posted: November 18, 2016 - 1:00 am LIHUE — For Stephen Inglis, performing in the Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar Festival is special. Comments (0) Recent Growing roots Remodeled lounge highlights visit to popular restaurant at the Grand Hyatt Oh, Canada! Enjoy the trip TGIFr!day for November 18, 2016 Island Calendar for Nov. 18, 2016 Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Mary Altaffer Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a miniature reproduction of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" sculpture sits on display at a street vendor's table outside the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. Global stock markets were mixed on Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Oil prices retreated, snapping an overnight rally. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) Posted: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:55 pm | Updated: 7:25 pm, Wed Nov 16, 2016. Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats Associated Press | 0 comments KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Asian stock markets were mixed Thursday as a seven-day rally on Wall Street petered out overnight. The U.S. dollar retreated slightly after hitting a 13-year high and oil prices slipped. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei fell 0.14 percent to 17,838.06 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index eased 0.1 percent to 22,265.16. China's Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,192.25 and South Korea's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 1,977.59. Australia's S&P/ASX rose 0.15 percent to 5,335.90, while benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia gained. ANALYST'S TAKE: Alex Furber, sales trader at CMC Markets in Singapore, said Asian markets are still struggling for direction amid uncertainties over policies from President-elect Donald Trump. "It is very difficult to differentiate what is campaign and what is rhetoric. There is a lot of uncertainty over what policies will actually be put in place in the first 100 days of his presidency," Furber said. "That is why the rally in the U.S. has started to fade last night." OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude extended losses, easing 11 cents to $45.46 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed down 24 cents to $45.57 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, fell nine cents to $46.54 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks ended barely lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains made since the presidential election last week but technology and consumer stocks climbed. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 0.3 percent to 18,868.14. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 0.2 percent to 2,176.94 but the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 5,294.58. CURRENCIES: The dollar dipped to 108.9190 yen from 109.15 yen late Wednesday, while the euro rose to $1.0701 from $1.0681. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped More about General News ARTICLE: Monkey attack sets off tribal clashes in Libya, 20 dead ARTICLE: Yemen rebels prevent food aid from reaching besieged city Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death More about Oil And Gas Industry Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers ARTICLE: Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers ARTICLE: Pawnee Nation lawsuit asks that drilling permits be voided Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International, World on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:55 pm. Updated: 7:25 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Oil And Gas Industry, Economy, Leading Economic Indicators, Energy Industry, Commodity Markets, Financial Markets, Stock Markets, National Elections, Elections, Government And Politics, Prices, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Currency Markets, Technology | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia, Malaysia, Southeast Asia, Singapore Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Julia Roberts sells Faye House for $16.2 million, sets record Kauai woman protests presidential election result Clayton Kona, Koma Texeira charged in Togioka death Kauai among ‘Best of the World’ Hawaii among states with largest increases in homeless people All Trumped up (97) Assault suspect allowed to leave the island (20) Kauai woman protests presidential election result (20) County can’t regulate pesticides (16) Robbery suspect captured (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan to Settle China Hiring Probe as Soon as Thursday Keri Geiger GeigerWire Matt Robinson robinsonmatt Patricia Hurtado November 16, 2016 — 3:41 PM EST Updated on November 16, 2016 — 3:44 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp JPMorgan Said to Settle Probe Over China Hires Bank to pay $200 million over recruiting children of elite Non-prosection deal reflects bank’s cooperation with inquiry Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp U.S. authorities are preparing to announce as soon as Thursday that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will pay about $200 million to settle allegations that it hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, according to people familiar with the matter. The agreement would end a nearly three-year investigation into whether the hires violated U.S. anti-bribery laws. The highly publicized probe set off a debate on Wall Street over whether U.S. business standards should be applied in foreign countries and whether favors to influential officials amounted to criminal activity. Neither JPMorgan nor individual employees are being prosecuted, the people said. Such leniency reflects the bank’s willingness to quickly turn over records and change global policies to eliminate questionable hiring practices at the start of the inquiry, several people familiar with the matter have said. The bank will pay about $130 million to the Securities and Exchange Commission and about $70 million to the Justice Department, the people said. Both authorities offer reduced sanctions to companies that assist in investigations. The Justice Department’s fraud section started a pilot program this year meant to reduce fines and sanctions in exchange for full cooperation, and the SEC says it reduces penalties or forgoes punishment altogether for companies that cooperate. Spokesmen for JPMorgan, the Justice Department and the SEC declined to comment. The Federal Reserve and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency are also investigating JPMorgan’s hiring practices in China, people familiar with the situation have said. Earlier: U.S. Offers Incentives for Companies to Self-Report Corruption The JPMorgan settlement was constructed as a kind of “roadmap” for other companies willing to self-report and provide full cooperation into foreign corruption investigations, two of the people said. Public Offerings For two decades, Wall Street banks have led the way in taking Chinese companies public overseas, taking advantage of their global reach and ability to ensure billions of dollars of stocks get sold at premium prices. The Justice Department is still investigating at least five other unidentified Wall Street banks to see if they’d hired relatives of influential Chinese officials or executives of state-run enterprises to help obtain business or as a reward for steering business their way, two of the people said. They also looked at whether that hiring ran afoul of 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes it a crime to pay or give other benefits to a foreign government official. The challenge for authorities was to discern whether such relationships were coincidental or an improper quid-pro-quo. The U.S. has clamped down on corporate favors to foreign officials, which are tacitly permitted or even encouraged in some countries. From BNA: A New Era in Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Investigations Goldman Sachs hired children of senior executives at China Petrochemical Corp., known as Sinopec Group, and New China Life Insurance Co. Morgan Stanley brought in an analyst whose father is both a top official of China National Pharmaceutical Group Corp., or Sinopharm, and the chairman of China National Building Material Co. Spokesmen for Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley declined to comment. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets JPMorgan Chase & Co China Justice Department Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing Bonds Jeff Reeves's Strength in Numbers Get email alerts Opinion: Don’t believe the great bond fake-out By Jeff Reeves Published: Nov 16, 2016 2:02 p.m. ET Share Now is the time to buy bonds, says Jeff Reeves Getty Images Caught looking the wrong way? By JeffReeves Columnist The election of Donald Trump has brought about a lot of changes in Wall Street’s outlook. For instance, financial stocks like Bank of America Corp. BAC, -0.40%  and J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.40%   have been on a tear on hopes of easier financial regulations. Meanwhile, tech stocks including Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.50%  and Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOG, -1.39% GOOGL, -1.30%  have been hurting big-time on fears of pain abroad and a rollback of “net neutrality” safeguards among other concerns. Read: Trump-fueled rally in bank stocks has gone too far, analyst says More volatility is assuredly ahead as investors make tactical changes to their stock portfolios in anticipation of 2017. But one of the biggest areas of uncertainty and change right now isn’t in stocks at all — it’s in bonds. And perhaps surprisingly, the environment is looking pretty good for investors looking to buy bonds right now. Here’s what income and bond investors need to know about the next few months: Another interest-rate hike is preordained. According to the CME’s FedWatch forecasting tool, there is a 91% chance of a rate hike in December to a range of 0.50% to 0.75%. That’s not surprising, seeing as the Federal Reserve has talked a big talk about rate increases in calendar 2016, but thus far we haven’t seen a single one. The expectation that the Fed has to eventually follow through on its hawkish talk — coupled with criticism from Republicans about the current rate picture — makes it very difficult to imagine we will see the December meeting come and go without another increase to benchmark rates. December will mark the one-year anniversary of the Federal Reserve’s beginning of “liftoff” in interest rates, and you can bet we will see the sequel to last year’s rate hike in a few weeks. Read: Fed’s Bullard still favoring December rate hike However, that hike has been priced in. Of course, it’s important to note that bond markets have already responded in kind after rates exploded in the past week or so. After trading briefly under 1.8% on Election Day, yields on the 10-year Treasury TMUBMUSD10Y, +0.00%  hit 2.3% recently — the highest level since January — on expectations of a higher interest-rate environment. So if you’re waiting for the Federal Open Market Committee meeting to make a move, you’ve missed the boat. Case in point: The popular iShares 20+ Year Treasury bond ETF TLT, -0.29%   has been pummeled about 6% in the past week as higher rates have weighed on the value of bonds and bond funds. That move is a clear sign that markets have already adjusted in a big way. Is biohacking the next phase of human evolution?(3:03) An underground community is experimenting with tech implants that could disrupt the healthcare industry by pushing the limits of the human body. But will regulation stop their devices from wide adoption? Don’t expect any more big moves until January. “I do believe this rate rise is about 80% of the way through — at least this leg of it,” legendary bond investor Jeff Gundlach told CNBC on Friday. That sounds about right, particularly as markets wait for the FOMC meeting on Dec. 13-14. After we get the rate hike everyone is expecting, we wait for the holidays and the lame-duck Congress to wrap. In other words, there’s a good two months of nothin’ ahead between now and Inauguration Day. Perhaps there aren’t any big moves in all of 2017. Of course, any big moves the market will make in 2017 must be incumbent on Trump and Republicans in Congress delivering on their big promises to break the U.S. out of its current stagnation. As James Mackintosh wrote rather cuttingly in The Wall Street Journal recently: “It has taken markets just four days to price in four years of President Donald Trump.” So even if some of the bull case lately for stocks eventually come to fruition, how much of a pro-business climate in Washington is already priced in? Keep in mind how ho-hum 2016 was with thin market volume and rates absurdly right back where they started the year despite all the Fed watching. Give me a good reason, then, why it has to be different next year. What’s the conservative bond trade? Given the already stretched valuation for stocks and the big move that just got priced into bonds, perhaps an investment in intermediate bonds isn’t that foolish after all. I personally have used the recent market move as an opportunity to rotate out of some equity positions trading at high levels and move a bit of cash back into bonds at long last, since the interest-rate risk seems reasonably low compared with prior months. A good middle-of-the-road play is the Vanguard Intermediate-Term Bond ETF BIV, -0.38% that charges a rock-bottom 0.09% annually and yields 2.2%. With an average duration of 6.5 years, it doesn’t have long-tail risk regarding future rate hikes. And with about 50% of the fund in government bonds and the rest in investment-grade corporates, it’s focused on high-quality debt. What’s the aggressive trade? If you want to take the tiger by the tail, the SPDR Barclays Capital High Yield Bond ETF JNK, -0.06%   yields about 6.5% after a modest selloff. If you believe Trump and the GOP will lead to less burdensome regulations and thus lower default rates in energy and mining — two sectors that are common playgrounds for junk bond offerings — this fund is worth a look. And keep in mind that while theoretically conservative long-term bond funds like TLT have taken it on the chin, JNK has seen a much more modest decline of less than 2%. More from MarketWatch Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Donald Trump's Influential Son-in-Law Donald Trump and Mitt Romney Make Move to Reconcile Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.48% 30 yr fixed 3.96% 15 yr fixed 3.09% 10 yr fixed 3.02% 30 yr fixed refi 4.03% 15 yr fixed refi 3.16% 5/1 ARM 3.28% 5/1 ARM refi 3.59% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.67% $50K HELOC 4.19% $75K HELOC 4.2% $100K HELOC 4.03% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.81% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.61% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.56% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.21% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.58% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.35% MMA Savings 0.26% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.37% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3% 48 Mo Used Car 3.03% 36 Mo Used Car 3.31% 72 Mo New Car 3.33% 60 Mo New Car 3.07% 48 Mo New Car 3.03% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.74% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.57% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.00% 12.00% 11.96% Business 13.12% 13.12% 13.12% Student 13.42% 13.42% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.41% 14.41% 14.39% Airline 15.13% 15.13% 15.17% Reward 15.24% 15.24% 15.30% Cash Back 15.33% 15.33% 15.30% Instant Approval 17.86% 17.86% 18.04% Bad Credit 22.86% 22.86% 22.56% Source: CreditCards.com Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeff Reeves Jeff Reeves is the editor of InvestorPlace.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffReevesIP. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Bank of America Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BAC $20.00 -0.08 (-0.40%) Volume 119.1M Open $20.06 High $20.14 Low $19.87 P/E Ratio 16.67 Div Yield 1.5 Market Cap 202.5B JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $77.71 -0.31 (-0.40%) Volume 19.3M Open $77.96 High $78.42 Low $77.55 P/E Ratio 13.4 Div Yield 2.47 Market Cap 278.1B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $760.16 +3.76 (+0.50%) Volume 4.3M Open $761.00 High $767.74 Low $757.64 P/E Ratio 174.18 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 361.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $760.54 -10.69 (-1.39%) Volume 1.5M Open $771.37 High $775.00 Low $760.00 P/E Ratio 27.83 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 528.3B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $775.97 -10.19 (-1.30%) Volume 1.8M Open $787.17 High $791.29 Low $775.35 P/E Ratio 28.39 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 528.3B U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.36% +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 0 Open 2.30% High 2.37% Low 2.27% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A iShares 20+ Year Treasury Bond ETF U.S.: Nasdaq: TLT $120.85 -0.35 (-0.29%) Volume 12.8M Open $121.63 High $121.97 Low $120.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.48 Market Cap N/A Vanguard Intermediate-Term Bond ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: BIV $83.78 -0.32 (-0.38%) Volume 748.2K Open $84.13 High $84.17 Low $83.71 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 2.56 Market Cap N/A SPDR Bloomberg Barclays High Yield Bond ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: JNK $35.62 -0.02 (-0.06%) Volume 14.4M Open $35.68 High $35.78 Low $35.60 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 6.25 Market Cap N/A LatestNews
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Trump Corporate Tax Cuts Could Really Help These 4 Large Cap Companies By Lee Jackson November 16, 2016 8:25 am EST Print Email Tweet One thing economic pundits have always talked about, regardless of which party held the reins of power, was the stifling U.S. corporate tax rate, which is among the highest in the world. President-elect Trump and House Republicans led by Speaker Paul Ryan both have plans to lower that rate and also allow a lower tax rate on cash large corporations hold overseas. A new research report from JPMorgan makes the case that lowering the corporate tax rate could be huge for many large cap companies, and it points to five leading medical technology stocks that the firm believes could really benefit. Noted in their report: Companies that would benefit the most from a lower US corporate tax rate tend to: (1) be earlier in their development cycle, (2) have a higher percentage of both their sales and profits in the US; or (3) they’ve yet to take advantage of some of the opportunities presented by more aggressive, long-term tax planning – be it around intellectual property, manufacturing, or transfer pricing. Of the stocks JPMorgan thinks could see a large benefit, these are the four highest profile companies, which in addition are suitable for more aggressive growth portfolios. Baxter International This company has hit our insider buying screens over the past year. Baxter International Inc. (NYSE: BAX) provides a portfolio of renal and hospital products. Its Renal segment provides products and services to treat end-stage renal disease, irreversible kidney failure and acute kidney therapies. This segment offers a comprehensive portfolio to meet the needs of patients across the treatment continuum, including technologies and therapies for peritoneal dialysis, in-center hemodialysis (HD), home HD, continuous renal replacement therapy and additional dialysis services. The Hospital Products segment manufactures intravenous (IV) solutions and administration sets, premixed drugs and drug-reconstitution systems, pre-filled vials and syringes for injectable drugs, IV nutrition products, infusion pumps, inhalation anesthetics and biosurgery products. This segment also provides products and services related to pharmacy compounding, drug formulation and packaging technologies. Its shareholders are paid a 1.16% dividend. The Wall Street consensus price objective for the stock is $53.25. Baxter shares ended trading yesterday at $46.07 a share. Edwards Lifesciences This company pioneered the artificial heart valve, and it could be poised for big growth. Edwards Lifesciences Corp. (NYSE: EW) provides products and technologies to treat structural heart disease and critically ill patients worldwide. The company offers transcatheter heart valve therapy products, comprising transcatheter aortic heart valves and their delivery systems for the nonsurgical replacement of heart valves. The company also provides surgical heart valve therapy products, such as pericardial valves for aortic and mitral replacement, and minimally invasive aortic heart valve system, as well as tissue heart valves and repair products, which are used to replace or repair a patient’s diseased or defective heart valve. Top Wall Street analysts feel that the company’s acquisition of privately held CardiAQ earlier this year made good sense going forward. CardiAQ has human implants of transcatheter mitrial valves, and Edwards is focused on the mitrial valve opportunity after its very strong success in aortic valves. The company also has had tremendous success with transcatheter valve replacement. Transcatheter heart valve replacements are rapidly gaining favor in the medical community for use in those patients who are deemed unsuited for open heart surgery, and they are a fast growing revenue stream for the company. The stock was hit hard recently and may be offering investors an attractive entry point. The consensus price target for the shares is $122.10. The stock closed Tuesday’s trading at $88.91 apiece. Pages: 1/2 « Are Natural Gas Pipelines to Mexico at Risk From Trump Presidency? Mortgage Loan Rates Climb After Trump Election » Read more: Healthcare Business, featured, Baxter International, Inc. (NYSE:BAX), Edwards Lifesciences Corp (NYSE:EW), Intuitive Surgical (NASDAQ:ISRG) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The 10 States With the Worst Gun Violence The Drunkest City in Each State America's 25 Murder Capitals NASCAR Star Mark Martin Lists House for $2.55 Million The Richest Countries in the World Recent Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week Lowe’s Black Friday Deals Revealed Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move 6 Ways to Avoid a Tax Audit in 2017 Facebook shares up more than 1% on buyback news Facebook to buy back up to $6 bln in Class A shares Russell 2000's 11-day win streak is longest since 12-session stretch ending June 5, 2003 American Airlines (AAL) Has Been Soaring Since Earnings, Can It Continue? What's Next for Microsoft (MSFT) Stock? On the Verge of 2200 A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures Donald Trump Says Settling Fraud Case Is Only Bad Part Of Winning The Presidency Watch How Excited Shep Smith Gets About ChapStick Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Weatherford Prices Registered Direct Offering The warrants have an exercise price of $6.43 per share, representing a 25% premium to the closing price of the ordinary shares on November 15, 2016 and a 45% premium to the 10-day volume weighted average price of the ordinary shares, and are exercisable on any day on or after the issuance date through the expiration date of May 21, 2019. The Company intends to use the proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt. The offering is expected to close on or about November 21, 2016, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.  J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as the sole placement agent for the offering. A shelf registration statement relating to these securities was previously filed and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“Commission”).  The Securities may be offered only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement.  A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering has been filed with the Commission and is available on the Commission’s website at http://www.sec.gov.  When available, copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to this offering can be obtained at the Commission’s website at http://www.sec.gov or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling 1-866-803-9204. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described above, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. ABOUT WEATHERFORD INTERNATIONAL PLC Weatherford is one of the largest multinational oilfield service companies providing innovative solutions, technology and services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates in over 100 countries and has a network of approximately 1,000 locations, including manufacturing, service, research and development, and training facilities and employs approximately 31,000 people. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release includes forward-looking statements as defined under federal law, including those related to the Company’s potential securities offering and use of proceeds. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “will,” “would,” and “will be,” and similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Known material factors that could cause the Company’s actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements are described in the prospectus as supplemented, which is a part of the registration statement, and the risk factors described in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and those risk factors set forth from time-to-time in other filings with the SEC. Weatherford undertakes no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required under federal securities laws. Investor Contact: Krishna Shivram +1.713.836.4610 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Karen David-Green +1.713.836.7430 Vice President – Investor Relations, Corporate Marketing and Communications Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/19990308/WEATHERFORDLOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/weatherford-prices-registered-direct-offering-300364164.html SOURCE Weatherford International plc Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Europe Gasoline Production and Consumption Trends, Drivers, Challenges and Forecasts Report 2005-2025 – Research and Markets Next Next post: Utah Valley University Celebrates 75th Anniversary with Unveiling of 200-foot-long Stained Glass Wall of Windows – Roots of Knowledge Search for: Search Recent Posts Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Oil & Energy | Utilities | Stock Offering Weatherford Prices Registered Direct Offering Download image BAAR, Switzerland, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Weatherford International plc (NYSE: WFT) (the "Company" or "Weatherford") today announced that it has entered into a definitive agreement to sell 84,500,000 ordinary shares at a per share price of $5.40, a 5% premium to the closing price of the ordinary shares on November 15, 2016, in a registered direct offering for initial gross proceeds of $456 million. The Company also agreed to issue warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of 84,500,000 ordinary shares which, if exercised at a future date, would result in additional proceeds of $543 million, bringing the total potential gross proceeds to approximately $1 billion. The warrants have an exercise price of $6.43 per share, representing a 25% premium to the closing price of the ordinary shares on November 15, 2016 and a 45% premium to the 10-day volume weighted average price of the ordinary shares, and are exercisable on any day on or after the issuance date through the expiration date of May 21, 2019. The Company intends to use the proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of debt. The offering is expected to close on or about November 21, 2016, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC served as the sole placement agent for the offering. A shelf registration statement relating to these securities was previously filed and declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission ("Commission"). The Securities may be offered only by means of a prospectus, including a prospectus supplement, forming a part of the effective registration statement. A preliminary prospectus supplement related to the offering has been filed with the Commission and is available on the Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov. When available, copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to this offering can be obtained at the Commission's website at http://www.sec.gov or from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, Attention: Prospectus Department, or by calling 1-866-803-9204. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described above, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. ABOUT WEATHERFORD INTERNATIONAL PLC Weatherford is one of the largest multinational oilfield service companies providing innovative solutions, technology and services to the oil and gas industry. The Company operates in over 100 countries and has a network of approximately 1,000 locations, including manufacturing, service, research and development, and training facilities and employs approximately 31,000 people. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This press release includes forward-looking statements as defined under federal law, including those related to the Company's potential securities offering and use of proceeds. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "intend," "plan," "may," "should," "could," "will," "would," and "will be," and similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Such statements are subject to significant risks, assumptions and uncertainties. Known material factors that could cause the Company's actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by such forward-looking statements are described in the prospectus as supplemented, which is a part of the registration statement, and the risk factors described in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 and those risk factors set forth from time-to-time in other filings with the SEC. Weatherford undertakes no obligation to correct or update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except to the extent required under federal securities laws. Investor Contact: Krishna Shivram +1.713.836.4610 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Karen David-Green +1.713.836.7430 Vice President – Investor Relations, Corporate Marketing and Communications Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/19990308/WEATHERFORDLOGO SOURCE Weatherford International plc More by this Source Weatherford nomme le Dr Bernard J. Duroc-Danner en qualité de président honoraire 17 Nov, 2016, 18:50 GMT Weatherford ernennt Dr. Bernard J. Duroc-Danner zum Ehrenvorsitzenden 17 Nov, 2016, 10:36 GMT Weatherford fixe le prix de l'offre directe inscrite 17 Nov, 2016, 10:32 GMT View all news by Weatherford International plc Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Oil & Energy News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.

GoSearch FOX31 & Channel 2 TV Schedule Search Contact Us FOX31 Denver Menu News Traffic On FOX31 On Channel 2 CO Best Contests Community Sports Weather 64° 64° Low 29° High 63° Mon 34° 58° Tue 33° 45° Wed 26° 54° See complete forecast Cashing in on credit cards: How to get the best rewards Posted 9:30 pm, November 15, 2016, by Web Staff, Updated at 09:31pm, November 15, 2016 Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video DENVER -- Credit card companies are getting more competitive trying to win over consumers. The industry is packed full of plastic charge cards promoting glamorous rewards, points, cash-back offers, free trips, miles and sign-up bonuses. How do you sort it all out? How do you protect yourself from getting burned by these big businesses? The FOX31 Problem Solvers sat down with travel and finance writer Jason Steele to get advice on how to get the best bang for your buck without getting baited into a bad deal. Cash reward credit cards If cash rewards are what you’re after, Steele says cards offering one-point-per-dollar is the old industry standard. Steele suggests Chase Freedom Unlimited, Capitol One QuickSilver Cash and Barclay CashForward World MasterCard. All three cards offer 1.5 percent cash-back on all purchases with 0 percent annual fee. Citi Double Cash offers 1 percent cash back on purchases and another 1 percent when you pay off your purchase. Chase Freedom and DiscoverIT offer 5 percent cash back on rotating categories when you buy things like gas, food and groceries. Travel reward credit cards If you’re more interested in travel: Chase Sapphire Reserve $450 annual fee 3 points per dollar on travel Earn $300 a year in travel credit Spend $4,000 in first three months and earn 100,000 bonus points to spend toward airfare, hotels, cruises, car rentals Access to airport business lounges Barclay Arrival Plus No annual fee for the first year $89 annual fee after first year Receive two times miles on every dollar purchase Spend $3,000 in first three months and earn 50,000 bonus miles Capitol One Venture Card No annual fee the first year $59 annual fee after first year Receive two times miles on every dollar purchase Spend $3,000 in first three months and earn 40,000 miles Keep in mind, too, Denver hub airlines such as United, Frontier and Southwest each has a card with perks, points and bonus miles. If you’re more interested in sign-up bonuses, Steele suggests going for the greatest roll-out bonus but says it’s not for everyone. “If you’re an inexperienced credit card user, you don’t want to be lured into a product that might not be right for you” Steele said. Steele said paying off your credit card in full each month will rake in the most rewards. If you aren’t able to pay off your credit card statements in full, Steele suggests shopping around for a credit card that boats an interest free balance transfer to help pay off the debt. Filed in: Money Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Send us your photos Do you see breaking news? Send us your photos. Popular New overtime law goes into effect Dec. 1, affecting millions of workers One dead in overnight shooting in northwest Denver Arizona grandma accidentally invites wrong teenager to Thanksgiving dinner Wal-Mart to release more Nintendo NES Classic consoles Latest News Donald Trump says ‘Saturday Night Live’ is ‘biased’ and asks for ‘equal time for us’   Here’s why #KayneIsOverParty is trending More than 100 killed after trains derails in India Shooting kills person in car in Lakewood Money News 3 rewards cards for people with less-than-stellar credit Money Airline tickets can now be bought with monthly payments Money Nearly 3 in 5 Americans are making a huge financial mistake Colorado’s Best Get the best of what kids outgrow News Serving Those Who Serve Free meals, discounts to thank vets, military members on Veterans Day Problem Solvers Challengers restaurant owner explains mistake that led to overcharging diners Daybreak What to Buy and Skip on Black Friday News 23 apps to make living in Denver better Money Target releases its Black Friday ad Money Poor spend nearly as much as the rich at restaurants News Colorado DMV passes 1 million online renewals Money Credit card giants sued over chip readers National/World News Technology Note 7 customers urged to stop using, power down Samsung smartphone Mobile Apps iPhone: KDVR & KWGN App Android: KDVR & KWGN App iPhone: Pinpoint Weather App Android: Pinpoint Weather App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener KDVR Online Public File • KWGN Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 100 East Speer Blvd. Denver, Colorado 80203 • Copyright © 2016, KDVR • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 61° F Clear Hi: 65° F Lo: 47° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Amir Abdul-Khaliq Latest Headlines Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Updated: 19 mins ago SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) — Just days after telling fans that he would have voted for Donald Trump, Kanye West delivered another public screed… The Latest: Banged-up Vikings will keep Boone at guard Updated: 19 mins ago The Latest on the 11th Sunday of the NFL season. (all times Eastern): 12:34 p.m. The Minnesota Vikings will keep Alex Boone at left guard in… AP Top Political News at 12:26 p.m. EST Updated: 59 mins ago Yemen rebels prevent food aid from reaching besieged city 11:06 am ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks 11:06 am Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 61° F Clear Feels Like: 61° F Wind: SSE 8 Humidity: 30% Dewpoint: 29° F Sunrise: 7:01 AM Sunset: 5:32 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Investigations David Barer Brian Collister Josh Hinkle Robert Maxwell Kylie McGivern Kevin Schwaller Latest Headlines Mom pulls child from school after mold test November 18, 2016 Her first weeks at school ended with a trip to the hospital. KXAN Investigates how parents can have their child’s school checked for mold. New voices continue to shake Rodney Reed case November 18, 2016 Rodney Reed’s death-row case is 20 years old, but new individuals related to the trial continue to come forward with concerns about the verd… APD Data: Discipline of officers increased under Acevedo November 17, 2016 Lawmakers, activists debate police relations class for HS students November 17, 2016 Austin Energy begins repayments for incorrect tax November 15, 2016 Sports Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Great Gift Ideas from Local Artists November 18, 2016 Jessica Pino shared a list of some of the best Etsy Artists in Austin. Shake Things Up with The Lafayette Fix November 18, 2016 Jeff Wallace dropped by the studio to make The Lafayette Fix. A Natural Solution for Digestive Support with Dependable Relief November 18, 2016 Expert Tips for Protecting Your Online Identity During the Holiday Online Shopping Season November 18, 2016 Santa’s Arrival at the Hill Country Galleria November 18, 2016 Search for: Search the site 61° F Clear Hi: 65° F Lo: 47° F Rush hour pipeline protest takes over downtown streets By Andy Jechow Published: November 15, 2016, 3:55 pm Updated: November 16, 2016, 5:03 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Related Coverage Hundreds march through downtown protesting President-elect Trump Texas oil magnate sits out pipeline vote after protests PHOTOS: Police oust pipeline protesters in North Dakota AUSTIN (KXAN) — A rally and march against the Dakota Access Pipeline at 5 p.m. Tuesday affected rush hour traffic in downtown Austin. Austin police warned drivers to avoid the area, if possible, and find an alternate route. After speaking on the south steps of the State Capitol, protesters marched to Wells Fargo offices at 111 Congress Ave. and JP Morgan Chase offices at 221 W. 6th St. In a Facebook event post for the march, organizers say Wells Fargo and JP Morgan Chase have invested hundreds of millions of dollars in the North Dakota pipeline project. The post also says President-elect Donald Trump has around $1 million invested in the pipeline builder. The pipeline construction site is just outside the Standing Rock Sioux reservation in southern North Dakota. The tribe fears the pipeline will disturb sacred sites and impact drinking water for thousands of tribal members on the reservation and millions farther downstream. One man at the protest wearing a black handkerchief urged others to smash the bank windows, but organizers from the Sierra Club calmed him down, telling KXAN’s Phil Prazan that was not their message and they didn’t want any arrests or violence. No one was arrested and the march peacefully went back up to the Capitol where supporters said they’re glad their message wasn’t distracted. “If I could go to the pipelines I totally would, but I also have to work and also have to go to school,” said marcher Martha Marquez. “So this is my small little participation I can give to my community.” The Austin Police Department says that while marches and political protests on city streets normally require a permit, the city of Austin has a long history of spontaneous and non-permitted protests. “In the spirit of the First Amendment, the Department regularly attempts to coordinate these events with protesters to ensure a balanced policing approach,” police said. Downtown traffic has been blocked several times in the past week during protests against the president-elect. Six were arrested at the Capitol on Sunday and two were arrested on Thursday, Nov. 10. Hundreds, mainly University of Texas at Austin students, marched throughout downtown the day after the election, blocking First Street and Congress Avenue bridges at times. Pipeline protest in downtown Austin View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Pipeline protest in downtown Austin x Thumbnails Gallery                 Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin at the State Capitol. Nov. 15, 2016 (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Dakota Access Pipeline protesters in Austin (KXAN Photo/Phil Prazan) Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Texas oil magnate sits out pipeline vote after protests Trump set to roll back Obama policies on energy, environment PHOTOS: Police oust pipeline protesters in North Dakota Top 5 videos on KXAN.com this week Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Border Splurge: Texas’ billion-dollar drug war November 15, 2016 A nine-month KXAN investigation reveals very few of the arrests DPS troopers are making on the border are the bad guys they were sent to cat… Top Stories 8 arrested during clashing protests at Texas State Capitol Cool, clear Sunday on tap Brush fire blazes through field in Travis County Photo Galleries Social media creates memes of Biden getting the last laugh PHOTOS: Super-moon hovers over Austin-area PHOTOS: UT students protest Trump in downtown march PHOTOS: Wall collapses at a south Austin apartment complex PHOTOS: Rainbows after a November rain PHOTOS: Cubs fans celebrate World Series victory! PHOTOS: Transforming Zilker moonlight tower into holiday tree PHOTOS: Austinites having a Happy Halloween PHOTOS: Police oust pipeline protesters in North Dakota PHOTOS: F1 U.S. Grand Prix in Austin PHOTOS: Taylor Swift revs up crowd at Formula 1 PHOTOS: Friday Night Game Week 9 football photos PHOTOS: Hurricane Matthew slams into Florida coast Angelina Jolie Pitt files for divorce from Brad Pitt Photos: 2016 Emmys Red Carpet Looks PHOTOS: Friday Night Football Week 4 PHOTOS: Rainbows brighten Austin-area sky PHOTOS: Week 3 of High School Football PHOTOS: High School football Week 2 PHOTOS: Storms light up the sky near Austin Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2016 LIN Television of Texas, LP, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com U.S. Auto Parts Announces Stock Repurchase Program and Extends its Credit Agreement with JPMorgan Chase CARSON, Calif., Nov. 15, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (NASDAQ: PRTS), one of the largest online providers of aftermarket automotive parts and accessories, announced that its board of directors has approved the repurchase of up to an aggregate of $5,000,000 of the company’s common stock. The repurchases will be made from time to time on the open market at prevailing market prices, in negotiated transactions off the market, or in such other manner as determined by U.S. Auto Parts Network, including through plans complying with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. “We believe that the repurchase program is a great investment, a wise utilization of our strong cash flow, and underscores our constant commitment to enhancing stockholder value,” said Shane Evangelist, Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Auto Parts. The repurchase program is expected to continue through March 4, 2017 unless extended or shortened by the board of directors. In addition, U.S. Auto Parts has amended its credit agreement with JPMorgan Chase to, among other things, extend the term of the agreement for an additional three years through April 26, 2020. U.S. Auto Parts CFO Neil Watanabe commented: “This extension speaks to the confidence our commercial banking partner has in our organization. We look forward to continuing our partnership with JPMorgan Chase as they provide us with the flexibility to support our growing business.” Additional details regarding U.S. Auto Parts’ amended credit agreement can be found on the Form 8-K filed today with the Securities and Exchange Commission. About U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. Established in 1995, U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (the “Company”) is a leading online provider of automotive aftermarket parts, including collision, engine, and performance parts and accessories. Through the Company’s network of websites, U.S. Auto Parts provides consumers with a broad selection of competitively priced products, all mapped by a proprietary database with applications based on vehicle makes, models and years. U.S. Auto Parts’ flagship websites include www.autopartswarehouse.com, www.carparts.com, www.jcwhitney.com, and www.AutoMD.com, as well as the Company’s corporate website at www.usautoparts.net. U.S. Auto Parts is headquartered in Carson, California. Safe Harbor Statement This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the “safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding the Company’s share repurchase program, the Company’s timing and ability to repurchase shares of the Company’s common stock under a share repurchase program, and the improved terms of the credit agreement.  These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including, but not limited to, (a) fluctuations in the trading volume and market price of shares of the Company’s common stock, general business and market conditions and management’s determination of alternative needs and uses of the Company’s cash resources which may affect the Company’s share repurchase program; and (b) competitive pressures, our dependence on search engines to attract customers, demand for U.S. Auto Parts’ products, the online market for aftermarket auto parts, the operating restrictions in our credit agreement, and the weather, as well as such other risks as may be detailed from time to time in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).  Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release, and except to the extent required by applicable securities laws, the Company expressly disclaims any obligation to update or revise any of them to reflect actual results, any changes in expectations or any change in events. If the Company does update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that it will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, and risks to the Company’s business in general, please refer to the Risk Factors contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which are available at www.usautoparts.net and the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.  You are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements in this release and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements, which are qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Company Contacts: Neil T. Watanabe, Chief Financial Officer U.S. Auto Parts Network, Inc. (424) 702-1455 x421 nwatanabe@usautoparts.com Investor Relations: Cody Slach or Sean Mansouri Liolios 949-574-3860 PRTS@liolios.com   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 15, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: RTC Transportation Welcomes Baseball Great Mitch Williams to our Team Next Next post: IGT Wheel of Fortune® Slots Award $1.5 Million Jackpot at Harrah's Resort Atlantic City Search for: Search Recent Posts Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Why Is Chinese Nepotism a U.S. Crime? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today TCW's Four Top Dividend Paying Stocks for 2017 Four Dividend Payers for 2017: JPMorgan, GE, Chevron and Microsoft. Gregg Greenberg Nov 15, 2016 4:10 PM EST JPMorgan (JPM) shares are flirting with an all-time high, up over 18% year-to-date, and still they remain a bargain, said Diane Jaffee, portfolio manager for the TCW Relative Value Dividend Appreciation Fund (TGDFX) . The TCW Relative Value Dividend Appreciation Fund is up 12.5% thus far in 2016, according to Morningstar. The $1.1 billion fund has returned an average of 13.8% annually over the past five years, outpacing 84% of its rivals in Morningstar's large value stock category. Jaffe is also bullish on GE (GE) , down 2.7% year-to-date, saying the company is expanding its capabilities with regard to the internet of things. Chevron (CVX) is another one of Jaffee's top picks. The oil major, which yields 4%, is up 21% thus far in 2016 even though oil stubbornly remains below $50 a barrel. Jaffee said Chevron is becoming "cleaner" with its LNG initiatives in Australia and will also start to see cash flow spike in 2017 as its capex declines. Finally, Jaffee is a fan of Microsoft (MSFT) , which is up 6% so far in 2016 and pays a 2.6% dividend. She expects the company's $26 billion investment in LinkedIn to start paying off in 2017, calling it the "perfect database" for Microsoft's customers. If you liked this article you might like Why Is Chinese Nepotism a U.S. Crime? J.P. Morgan pays $264 million penalty over a common Asian practice. Alex McMillan Nov 20, 2016 12:00 PM EST What Price Safety? Minneapolis Fed Plan to Cut Bank Risk Would Also Cut Growth The largest U.S. banks would need a capital buffer of as much as 38% under a plan to curb the risk of future bailouts like those in 2008. James Langford Nov 18, 2016 5:43 PM EST Shark Bites: There's Still Momentum, but Everybody Wants Weakness Stock picking is going to be particularly important next week. Rev Shark Nov 18, 2016 12:40 PM EST Trump Cabinet Picks Could Upend Corporate Boards Many potential Cabinet members may think twice before giving up board positions that come with lucrative pay. Ronald Orol Nov 18, 2016 10:57 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Trending The 10 Most Financially Independent States in America The Top Public Universities in Every State 20 Companies Pushing the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Apple Gets 10 Days to Address Its iPhone 6 and 6S Shutdown Problem In China 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Apache, Nvidia and Equity One climb; JPMorgan slips By Associated Press Published: 16:35 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 16:35 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Tuesday: Apache Corp., up $4.46 to $63.39 Energy companies traded higher as the price of oil surged. Nvidia Corp., up $2.55 to $86.19 Technology stocks changed course and turned higher after they took losses over the last few days. Equity One Inc., up $1.90 to $29.77 Equity One will combine with Regency Center, a rival real estate investment trust that also owns shopping centers. Stratasys Ltd., down $2.55 to $17.95 The 3D printer maker's profit and sales fell far short of Wall Street estimates. American Airlines Group Inc., up $1.40 to $44.80 Airline stocks rose after Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway said it bought stock in American, United and Delta. JPMorgan Chase & Co., down 15 cents to $79.36 Bank stocks, which have climbed since last week's presidential election, gave back some of their gains. JD.com Inc., up $2.70 to $26.41 The Chinese e-commerce company reported strong quarterly results and said it might reorganize JD Finance, which runs its internet finance business. Advance Auto Parts Inc., up $21.43 to $164.33 The auto parts retailer reported better sales than investors were expecting. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Justin, where's your car? Bieber 'loses' blue Ferrari after night out... and it takes three weeks to work out where he left it! Oops doesn't cover it! Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The cobalt outfit clung to her slender frame 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Economy EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources Source : Last Updated: Wed, Nov 16, 2016 02:41 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print By Foo Yun Chee BRUSSELS, (Reuters) - EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC , JPMorgan and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company's global turnover for breaching the bloc's rules. JPMorgan said the EU charges were without merit when it was served the document and that it would defend itself. Credit Agricole has said it would examine the charge sheet. HSBC said at that time that it would defend itself vigorously. Deutsche Bank , RBS and Societe Generale admitted guilt in December 2013. Barclays avoided a fine because it alerted the Commission. U.S. and European regulators have so far handed down billion-dollar fines to more than 10 banks and brokerages for rigging the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and its euro cousin Euribor. Prosecutors have also charged more than a dozen men with fraud-related offences. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved

X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Wed Nov 16, 2016 | 2:31am IST EU regulators readying fines for HSBC, JPMorgan, Credit Agricole - sources The moon rises over the HSBC building in the Canary Wharf financial district of London, a day before the ''supermoon'' spectacle, in London, Britain November 13, 2016. REUTERS/Hannah McKay By Foo Yun Chee | BRUSSELS, BRUSSELS, EU antitrust regulators are set to fine Europe's biggest bank HSBC (HSBA.L), JPMorgan (JPM.N) and Credit Agricole (CAGR.PA) by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. European Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment. The EU competition enforcer can levy fines up to 10 percent of a company's global turnover for breaching the bloc's rules. JPMorgan said the EU charges were without merit when it was served the document and that it would defend itself. Credit Agricole has said it would examine the charge sheet. HSBC said at that time that it would defend itself vigorously. Deutsche Bank (DBKGn.DE), RBS (RBS.L) and Societe Generale (SOGN.PA) admitted guilt in December 2013. Barclays (BARC.L) avoided a fine because it alerted the Commission. U.S. and European regulators have so far handed down billion-dollar fines to more than 10 banks and brokerages for rigging the London interbank offered rate (Libor) and its euro cousin Euribor. Prosecutors have also charged more than a dozen men with fraud-related offences. (Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Next In Money News Japan PM Abe: way to peace treaty with Russia coming into sight LIMA Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Saturday that a way to concluding a peace treaty with Russia is "coming into sight," raising hopes for tangible progress on a decades-old territorial row at bilateral summit meetings set for mid-December in Japan. Asian export nations wary dollar boost gives Trump pretext to beat them TOKYO/SEOUL Asian currency policymakers are worried that the strengthening of the dollar on expectations of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's fiscal policies could be used by his administration as a stick to beat them with on trade protectionist grounds. Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory - paper FRANKFURT Europe's largest carmaker Volkswagen sees building its own factory to make electronic vehicle batteries as a logical move as it expands production of low-emission cars after its emissions scandal. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Top News At least 107 dead as train derails near Kanpur Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JPMorgan, HSBC Said to Face EU Antitrust Fines Over Euribor Gaspard Sebag gaspardsebag November 15, 2016 — 8:23 AM EST Updated on November 15, 2016 — 11:26 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Credit Agricole may also get rate-rigging fine as soon as Dec. Trio shunned settlement and were sent formal complaint in 2014 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp JPMorgan Chase & Co., HSBC Holdings Plc and Credit Agricole SA are set to face antitrust fines as soon as next month over rigging the Euribor benchmark, wrapping up a five-year European Union investigation, according to two people familiar with the status of the case. EU regulators are making the final touches on a decision to fine the trio who shunned a settlement in late 2013, said the people who asked not to be identified because the decision isn’t public. The four other banks in the same probe agreed to pay penalties totaling about 825 million euros ($888 million.) The EU’s investigation into Euribor manipulation was strained three years ago after Credit Agricole, JPMorgan and HSBC refused to join the multi-bank settlement with four other lenders including Deutsche Bank AG and Societe Generale SA. Since then, the holdouts have been a thorn in the European Commission’s side -- successfully delaying the process and showing up the regulator for its handling of the case. Global Scandal The three lenders were handed a statement of objections in May 2014 accusing them of colluding to rig Euribor rates in the wake of a global scandal embroiling some of the world’s biggest banks. Such filings in cartel cases are usually a precursor to fines. By refusing to settle the case with the commission they forfeited the chance of a 10 percent discount on any fines. “We continue to defend ourselves vigorously on this matter,” HSBC said in an e-mailed statement. JPMorgan and Credit Agricole declined to comment, as did representatives for the European Commission, the EU’s antitrust authority. JPMorgan previously said it had cooperated fully with the commission throughout its investigation, adding that the bank doesn’t believe it engaged in wrongdoing with respect to the Euribor benchmark and intends to defend itself fully. Next Year While EU regulators are targeting next month, the timing could still slip into early next year in a probe that has been beset by delays, said the people familiar with the matter. The four banks that settled were accused of sharing, via phone and through online chats, sensitive trading information among themselves and strategizing to push Euribor rates up or down to suit their trading positions. About $9 billion in fines have been levied against a dozen banks by global authorities over the manipulation of the London interbank offered rate and similar benchmarks in the last four years and more than 20 traders charged. Last year, Tom Hayes, a former UBS Group AG and Citigroup Inc. employee, became the first trader to be jailed over the Libor scandal, and is serving an 11-year sentence in the U.K. for his part in rigging Yen Libor. Several Euribor traders from Deutsche Bank and Barclays are due to stand trial in London next year. One trader from Societe Generale has also been charged. Earlier this year, the EU slashed Societe Generale’s Euribor penalty by 218 million euros due to a calculation “mistake” the bank made in supplying sales data to antitrust regulators. Libor and Euribor, the euro interbank offered rate, gauge banks’ estimated cost of borrowing over different periods of time. The rates are a benchmark used to calculate interest payments for financial products including mortgages. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Markets JPMorgan Chase & Co HSBC Holdings PLC Credit Agricole SA Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help


X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring: source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Wed Nov 16, 2016 | 6:52pm EST JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring: source A man walks into the JP Morgan headquarters at Canary Wharf in London May 11, 2012. REUTERS/Dylan Martinez/File Photo By Noeleen Walder JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) will pay more than $250 million to settle allegations by the U.S. government that it had hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. The bank will pay roughly $200 million combined to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department and more than $50 million to the Federal Reserve, the source said. There will not be any individual prosecution at this time, the source said. The SEC opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring. The Justice Department opened a parallel investigation around the same time. Investment banks have a long history of employing the children of China's politically connected. While close ties to top government officials are a boon to any banking franchise across the world, they are especially beneficial in China, where relationships and personal connections play a critical role in business decisions. The SEC, JPMorgan and the Justice Department all declined to comment. The settlement was first reported by Bloomberg. It will end a probe into whether the bank's hires violated U.S. anti-bribery laws, Bloomberg said. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru and Noeleen Walder in New York; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Leslie Adler) Next In Business News China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade LIMA Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to open the economy further on Saturday as leaders of Asia-Pacific countries sought new free-trade options following Donald Trump's election to U.S. president on promises to scrap or renegotiate trade deals. Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper FRANKFURT Europe's largest carmaker Volkswagen sees building its own factory to make electronic vehicle batteries as a logical move as it expands production of low-emission cars after its emissions scandal. After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge NEW YORK Arguing over politics is a Thanksgiving Day tradition, but Donald Trump's presidential election adds a new twist to any bickering at next week's holiday dinner table: What the new U.S. government could mean for your stock portfolio. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Goldman, JPMorgan Drag DJIA Lower Wednesday By Paul Ausick November 16, 2016 4:01 pm EST Print Email Tweet November 16, 2016: Markets opened lower Wednesday but only the Nasdaq Composite has managed to boost itself into positive territory. The tech sector was the day’s leading gainer, but was more than offset in the DJIA and S&P 500 indexes by financials and utilities which led the losers. WTI crude oil for December delivery settled at $45.57 a barrel, down 0.5% for the day. December gold dropped less than 0.1% on the day to settle at $1,223.90. Equities were headed for a mixed close before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.32% for the day, the S&P 500 traded down 0.20%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.32%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Wednesday was JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) which traded down 2.81% at $77.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $52.50 to $80.44. Volume was roughly equal to the daily average of around 16 million shares. The big bank had no specific news. The Goldman Sachs Group Inc. (NYSE: GS) traded down 2.32% at $206.28. The stock’s 52-week range is $138.20 to $211.77. Trading volume was about 35% above the daily average of around 3 million. Investors could have been taking some profits in financial stocks that have run up sharply since last week’s elections. Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) traded down 1.74% at $62.54. The stock’s 52-week range is $47.97to $65.46. Volume was about 25% below the daily average of around 6.8 million shares. The company had no specific news Wednesday, but pharmaceutical stocks, like financials, may have seen some profit-taking. Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) traded down 1.27% at $85.71. The stock’s 52-week range is $71.55 to $95.55. Volume was about half the daily average of around 10.7 million shares. The EIA report on oil inventories showed a bigger-than-expected build and a rather modest production decline. Of the Dow 30 stocks 12 are on track to close higher Wednesday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « SEC Announces Plan to Create Consolidated Audit Trail Endologix, Unilever Enter Wednesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Goldman Sachs (NYSE:GS), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Merck & Co., Inc. (NYSE:MRK), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The 10 States With the Worst Gun Violence The Drunkest City in Each State America's 25 Murder Capitals NASCAR Star Mark Martin Lists House for $2.55 Million The Richest Countries in the World Recent Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week Lowe’s Black Friday Deals Revealed Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Customers Will Hate United Airlines' New Basic Economy Fare, but It's a Great Move 6 Ways to Avoid a Tax Audit in 2017 Facebook shares up more than 1% on buyback news Facebook to buy back up to $6 bln in Class A shares Russell 2000's 11-day win streak is longest since 12-session stretch ending June 5, 2003 American Airlines (AAL) Has Been Soaring Since Earnings, Can It Continue? What's Next for Microsoft (MSFT) Stock? On the Verge of 2200 A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures Donald Trump Says Settling Fraud Case Is Only Bad Part Of Winning The Presidency Watch How Excited Shep Smith Gets About ChapStick Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
null
About Us Advertising Contact Us Home Delivery News Latest Bay Briefs Cover Story Community e-Edition Commentary Damn the Torpedoes Hidden Agenda Beltway Beat The Griot’s Corner The Gadfly The Real Deal Letters to the Editor Cuisine The Dish Word of Mouth Grand Krewe Arts Artifice Art Gallery The Reel World Calendar of Events Music Music Feature Music Briefs Music Listings Style Media Frenzy Mobile Magnified Upon Further Review Port City Premonitions Master Gardeners Style Feature Select Page Alabama’s support could pay dividends in Trump presidency Posted by Jason Johnson | Nov 16, 2016 | Cover Story | 0 | Trump’s election sparks protests locally, nationally By Jason Johnson/REPORTER With the 2016 presidential election in the rearview mirror, it’s safe to say the reaction to Donald J. Trump’s unexpected victory has been mixed. While many lauded the New York mogul’s convincing victory last week, others took to the streets in protest of a president-elect they’ve deemed sexist, racist and xenophobic. This week, some protests in major cities and on college campuses stretched into their sixth day, and while most have remained peaceful, others have not. Anti-Trump demonstrations in Portland, Oregon, quickly escalated to violence last week with protesters destroying property, blocking streets and throwing projectiles at police officers. Just since last Thursday, riots have caused $1 million worth of damage in Portland and led to more than 100 arrests. Over the weekend, some of that dismay made its way to Mobile, as the Alabama Green Party held a “Rally Against Trump(ism)” in Cathedral Square. Contrary to what some assumed, the organizers in Mobile weren’t just protesting the election’s outcome. “A lot of people think [Donald Trump] came into power because he gave a racist, misogynistic, homophobic message, and that most people that voted for him hold those same ideas in their heart, and I’ll say, ‘Yes, some of them do,’ but most voted for Donald Trump because he brought an economic message to the people,” Tyler Henderson, chair of the Alabama Green Party, said. “This is a message that resonated, and you can tell this because another economic populist rose up alongside Donald Trump, and his name was Bernie Sanders.” As many on the political left have done over the past week, Henderson laid some of the blame for Trump’s victory at the feet of the Democratic Party and its nominee, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton. Claiming a need for a “political alternative to the Democratic Party” in Alabama, Henderson pushed for those at the rally — around 30 or so — to consider the Green Party. He and other speakers also condemned a rash of reported attacks and harassments directed at minorities since Trump’s election. On Sunday, Trump himself addressed those incidents in an interview with Lesley Stahl aired on the CBS program “60 Minutes,” telling those responsible to “Stop it.” In Mobile, Henderson called on Trump’s supporters and his detractors to speak out against that type of “bigotry” if it continues. “What we’re seeing now is a rise in very angry, but also very bigoted, ideology, and whether you like Donald Trump or not, that’s what’s happening because of his presidency,” Henderson said. “We don’t just call on the allies of minority communities and the allies of LGBT communities and allies of women — we’re also calling on you that voted for Donald Trump to stand up for what you claim to believe in and condemn these people.” Consistent with predictions that Trump had a miniscule chance of taking the White House, those that make a living through market speculation have also been wrong about the immediate effects a Trump presidency would have on U.S. financial markets. Before the election, a long-shot Trump victory came with a warning from Wall Street giants such as Citibank, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley — an unexpected, unpredictable candidate seizing the presidency would cause a drop in stocks in favor of a more-secure bond market. Yet so far the opposite has proven to be true. Bond markets in the U.S. and in Europe have seen a wave of sales suggesting investors are betting on an economic policy under Trump that will favor a rise in interest rates. Still, with campaign rhetoric touting domestic growth and promises to dismantle longstanding international trade agreements, Dr. Reid Cummings, director of the Center for Real Estate and Economic Development at the University of South Alabama, said last week that Trump’s effect on the economy would be left to speculation until he takes office. However, he also added, “in general, business tends to like smaller government and less regulation.” If that holds true, he believes a Trump White House coupled with GOP gains in Congress could be “good for business” overall. Still, in port cities such as Mobile, Trump’s desire to negotiate “better deals” in existing international trade agreements is something local officials will likely be monitoring closely. To that effect, Jimmy Lyons, president of the Alabama State Port Authority, told Lagniappe some of his initial concerns have eased slightly over the past week, as Trump has moved away from the “talk of protectionism” in trade that came up during his campaign. Lyons says he now wonders how much of that was “just the heat of the campaign” and how much might live on to become executive policy. “Anything that could spark a trade war — where we put a tariff on our stuff, and then another country puts a tariff on their stuff — could have an effect on imports and exports, and that was one of the only things that was a significant concern of mine from the standpoint of operating a port,” Lyons said. “But given some of the softening we’ve seen now that the campaign has ended, I don’t know that those concerns are as valid any longer.” But while Trump’s economic policies might look malleable heading into 2017, his environmental policies don’t appear to be losing any steam from campaign trail. Last week he selected Myron Ebell, a leading contrarian of the scientific consensus on global warming, to head the transition of the Environmental Protection Agency. Trump has also maintained he would rescind the “job-destroying executive actions” President Barack Obama took related to climate change — including the Clean Power Plan aimed at limiting carbon emissions from coal-fired power plants. Alabama Attorney General Luther Strange was an early critic of that plan, joining 24 other states’ attorneys general in securing a stay on implementing the plan from the U.S. Supreme Court in February. “[It] would shutter coal-fired power plants around the country, including in Alabama, while killing jobs and raising power bills for hard-working families,” Strange said of the Clean Power Plan at the time. However, while Strange might be happy with the early signals from Trump’s transition team, they’re causing concern for environmental groups along the Gulf Coast — even among those that have historically worked with Democrats and Republicans alike. “During this time of presidential transition, one of the world’s most important environmental restoration efforts will continue in the Gulf region, and we urge the Trump administration to work with Gulf experts on any policies that may impact this region,” Kara Lankford, interim director of Gulf restoration at Ocean Conservancy, told Lagniappe. “At the same time, [we’re] concerned about the signals being sent by the Trump transition team, with a climate change denier currently being considered to lead the EPA transition team. Given the need for strong action on climate change to protect coastal communities, especially in the Gulf, we will be following this appointment closely.” Locally, Mobile Baykeeper executive director Casi Callaway said the environment of the Gulf Coast takes on a different level of importance because of how necessary it is to not only the area’s ecosystem, but also to its “jobs, economy, community, health and recreation.” If environmental support at the federal level is scaled back under Trump — and all signs suggest it will be — Callaway said, there will still be local environmentalists in multiple organizations committed to doing what’s best for Mobile Bay. “If over the next four years environmental protection is no longer a priority, Mobile Baykeeper will just have a bigger job to do,” she said. “As the environmental advocate for our coastal community, [we] will continue to achieve progress toward a healthier, more sustainable environment with the support of our members and volunteers who are committed to clean water, clean air and healthy communities.” Congressman: State could benefit from Trump presidency By Dale Liesch Voters in Alabama overwhelmingly chose Republican President-elect Donald Trump over Democratic challenger Hillary Clinton on Election Day, and that loyalty may pay off as his administration begins to take shape. Not only are several Alabamians being considered for positions inside a Trump White House, including Sen. Jeff Sessions, but with the GOP retention of the House and Senate, some of the state’s representatives could see new leadership roles on Capitol Hill. Sessions, who is from Mobile, has been rumored to fill a number of Trump’s cabinet positions in the week since Trump’s Electoral College win: a possible attorney general post, or maybe secretary of defense or secretary of homeland security, according to media reports. Sessions, one of the first senators to throw his support behind Trump, will apparently be rewarded for his early support of the real estate magnate. U.S. Rep Bradley Byrne (R-Montrose) said Sessions would do a wonderful job as a member of Trump’s cabinet. “I’ve known Jeff Sessions for 40 years,” Byrne said. “He has a high level of integrity … he’s well respected. He’ll be a tremendous asset to the Trump administration.” Sessions’ appointment to a cabinet position will undoubtedly help the Mobile area when it comes to decisions of the federal government, Byrne said. Sessions’ possible cabinet appointment would not be the first time he’s been tapped by a president. He was rejected for a federal judgeship in 1986, in part due to his actions as U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Alabama and for his views toward the American Civil Liberties Union and the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. Sessions successfully ran for Senate in 1996 after a brief stint as Alabama Attorney General. In addition to Sessions possibly leaving the Senate for the White House, Alabama could also benefit from the GOP’s retention of a congressional majority. Byrne said GOP Sen. Richard Shelby will maintain his high position in the senate and other Alabama members of Congress could see their roles expanded. For instance, U.S. Rep. Robert Aderholt (R-Haleyville) could see greater responsibility as a member of the House Appropriations Committee, Byrne said. U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers (R-Saks) could see a promotion from sub-chair of the House Armed Services Committee, he added. “For the rest of us, it’s too early to know,” Byrne said. Alabama’s support of Trump could pay dividends when it comes to policy decisions and federal spending as well, Byrne said. Progress on the Interstate 10 bridge over the Mobile River should continue under a Trump administration, he said. The president-elect has championed a $1 trillion infrastructure plan, which Byrne thinks will include money for the federal portion of the project. The state’s portion of the project could come from tolling or Gulf of Mexico Energy Security Act money, which is given to Gulf Coast states by oil companies in exchange for drilling rights off the coast. “I expect the design portion to be complete by the end of next year,” Byrne said of the bridge project. “The state should be able to decide on funding by then. Construction could begin as early as 2018.” A Trump presidency could also mean continued support for the U.S. Navy’s Littoral Combat Ship (LCS) program, which would benefit Austal, Byrne said. Trump’s call for an expansion of the U.S. Navy fleet from 276 ships to 350 ships would mean the build-out of the LCS program’s 52 ships would have to continue, Byrne said; 26 of those ships would be built in Mobile. In addition to infrastructure funding and increased military spending, a Trump administration could return the state’s red snapper season to a normal duration, Byrne said. Trump would be able to “reach down” to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Marine Fisheries Services to get them to end the current regulations, he said. In a column released this week, Byrne also said he looked forward to working with Trump on securing the border and repealing the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare, “once and for all.” Baldwin turns out for Trump By Jane Nicholes Baldwin County voters turned out in droves to vote for Donald Trump, achieving record turnout in numbers if not in percentages. Some 95,000 people went to the polls, and they stood in lines that often ran outside, down sidewalks and around buildings. When the votes were counted, 77 percent voted for Trump, 19 percent for Hillary Clinton and the remainder for a smattering of other candidates. Only two small precincts, the Vaughn Community Center near Stockton and the Douglasville Boykin Center in Bay Minette, went for Clinton over Trump. Baldwin County Probate Judge Tim Russell had predicted turnout would be at 80 percent or above and was surprised to find on Wednesday that it was actually 65 percent. He visits the polls on Election Day and makes projections based on the turnout when he arrives at a precinct. “The trend dropped way off later in the day, which told me that the younger voters didn’t come out after work like we thought they would,” Russell said. He said he was surprised, but he also noted that rain lingered late into the day in south Baldwin County. Lines may have discouraged some voters as well. Sheer numbers, though, set the record. “That’s the biggest turnout that we’ve ever had in the history of the county by far,” Russell said. Four years ago there were 69,000 voters for the presidential election. Russell said the population increase over four years plus the turnout show that he will need more money in the future to run high-profile elections. The next such election will be in June 2018, when the governor, Legislature, statewide and county officials will be on the ballot. Baldwin was one of 14 counties to experiment with a new format for checking voter IDs. People in two precincts walked in, had their driver’s licenses scanned and then signed in on a screen, like a credit card transaction. The experiment was confined to the Bay Minette and White House Fork precincts and proved to be faster than manually looking for a voter’s name in a book, Russell said. He said 95 percent of Baldwin County voters have driver’s licenses. While those two precincts were faster, nearly 5,000 absentee ballots took until 1 a.m. to count, Russell said. Share: Rate: PreviousLagniappe: November 17 – November 23, 2016 NextBienville Square tree lighting to take place Friday About The Author Jason Johnson Related Posts The city’s CIP brings changes, as debate looms over taxation July 27, 2016 COVER STORY: Jury weighs two narratives in Hastie corruption trial June 3, 2015 COVER STORY: All eyes on county after DA’s lawsuit receives favorable verdict March 23, 2016 COVER STORY: Contract negotiations for a new cruise ship nearly finalized September 9, 2015 Follow Us Recommended Stories Who would a lovesick governor pick? Posted in: Damn the Torpedoes The Book of Face is not America Posted in: Hidden Agenda Trump win could be Bentley’s salvation Posted in: Commentary GulfQuest’s failure has many fathers Posted in: Damn the Torpedoes A time for reflection Posted in: Hidden Agenda Advertising About Us Jobs Contact Us Recent Posts The Band Perry surprises audience at The Steeple ‘Deconstruction,’ not demolition, of historic downtown building to begin tomorrow Search This Site Search for: Browse Archives Browse Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 © Lagniappe Mobile 2016 | Designed by Optera Creative Pin It on Pinterest
Monday, November 21, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now November 17, 2016, Thursday TOKYO: A pause in both the sell-off in global bonds and sharp rise in the dollar following Donald Trump’s election victory, together with Wall Street’s record high overnight helped Asian shares steady yesterday from a four-month low struck a day earlier. President-elect Trump’s plans to cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending would boost demand while his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports, if implemented, are seen likely to drive inflation higher. That prospect has given rise to expectations that US interest rates will rise faster than earlier anticipated, making the dollar stronger, but investors are still trying to assess what opportunities a Trump presidency will bring. “The markets are having a bit of a pause at the moment. But people still want to do more of this trade,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. “If you look at the US markets, investors are looking at coming infrastructure spending and so on and they are rotating to stocks from bonds.” MSCI’s broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.6 per cent on Wednesday, bouncing back from a four-month low touched earlier this week. The dollar’s strength has fanned fears investors could shift funds to the United States from emerging markets. Emerging market stocks managed to rise 0.3 per cent on Tuesday after having fallen 7 per cent over the previous four sessions. Japan’s Nikkei rose 1.1 per cent to nine-month high on Wednesday, thanks to the dollar’s retreat from a 5 1/2-month high against the yen. The dollar was trading at 109.03 yen in late morning trade in Asia, having slipped slightly off high of 109.34 yen struck on Tuesday. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 per cent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 per cent. Since Trump’s unexpected victory last week, US shares have rallied while US bond prices tumbled, pushing up their yields sharply. The yield on 10-year US Treasuries slipped to 2.207 per cent from Monday’s 11-month high of 2.302 per cent, although that is sharply above its levels around 1.86 per cent before the election. US retail sales rose more than expected in October, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. US interest rate futures are pricing in an 85 per cent chance of a rate hike, compared to 75 per cent before the election. The two-year US notes yield fell to 0.989 per cent on Wednesday, having hit a 10-month high of 1.029 per cent on Tuesday. Nikko SMBC Securities estimates US two-year notes are currently pricing in five Fed rate hikes in the next two years, said senior strategist Makoto Noji. “If we base our assumption on (Fed Chair Janet) Yellen’s gradualist approach, which can be roughly translated as two rate hikes per year, we could say that the market has already priced in tightening they could reasonably imagine at this point,” Noji said. “But of course if Trump’s policies stoke inflation that cannot be contained by two rate hikes per year, the US bond market could see big moves again,” he added. Sharp gains in US bond yields have drawn investors to the the dollar, and its index against a basket of six major currencies hit its highest level in almost a year on Tuesday. It slipped slightly in Asia on Wednesday to 99.982, but was still just 0.5 per cent away from reaching its highest level in more than 13-1/2 years. The euro traded at US$1.0724, just above Monday’s US$1.0709, its lowest level in almost a year. The Chinese yuan also weakened to 6.8703 to the yuan, its weakest level since December 2008. Gold traded at US$1,232.3 per ounce, not far from a 5 1/2-month low of US$1,211.8 seen on Monday. In contrast, oil prices hovered near their highest levels in about two weeks after having jumped nearly 6 per cent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output when they meet later this month. US crude futures stood at US$45.67 per barrel, after having risen to US$46.09 late on Tuesday, their highest since Nov 2. — Reuters What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← TPP: Putrajaya and Tokyo on same page Even short of extremes, Trump protectionism damaging for business → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Two DOTA fans score 6A's in UPSR Thousands to converge on Kuching Waterfront for Sarawak Regatta Idris Buang: Adenan not backpedalling Dr Mahathir making his way to Bersih 5 Hundreds congregate at Kuching Amphitheatre for Bersih rally Weekly News Highlights Seeds: The Borneo Post SEEDS by BPOnline New Zealand: large areas were devastated by earthquake By Anda Robescu The 7.8 magnitude earthquake that struck at midnight on Nov 15, followed by a replica of 6.3 degrees magnitude on Monday afternoon, has caused total devastation in some areas. In these... Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Mon, Nov 21, 2016 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsBlogsFocusMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance SINGAPORE FINTECH Christmas comes early as MAS bears gifts on innovation sleigh It will run several pilots using technology to boost the efficiency of financial transactions By Jamie Lee leejamie@sph.com.sg@JamieLeeBT Singapore will close out the year by rolling out a slew of experiments and plans to boost the efficiency of financial transactions through technology, including the use of digital currency, as the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) makes good on its ambition to build a smart financial centre. PHOTO: ST FILE Get smart Nov 17, 2016 5:50 AM Singapore SINGAPORE will close out the year by rolling out a slew of experiments and plans to boost the efficiency of financial transactions through technology, including the use of digital currency, as the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) makes good on its ambition to build a smart financial centre. In a landmark trial for a financial centre, a pilot will be launched to test interbank payments using blockchain technology with eight banks and the Singapore Exchange; this comes with an option to expand this trial to transactions in foreign currency. Singapore will also test a way of feeding existing citizens' data to banks and other financial institutions to speed up form-filling. MAS managing director Ravi Menon said at the opening of Singapore's first fintech conference on Wednesday: "In an industry facing the headwinds of lower economic growth and heavier regulatory burdens, innovation must be the way to refresh and re-energise the business model. "And innovation is not always with high-tech. It is about seeking newer and better ways to do things, about a spirit of enterprise. It is about hope in the future. The financial industry needs that." Blockchain is a distributed ledger of transactions, created from digital "blocks" containing information of financial transactions linked in a virtual chain. Participating banks and relevant institutions in the blockchain can access the information on this ledger. Such technology can also build the use of a form of digital currency. Under the blockchain pilot, MAS will work with the three Singapore lenders and five foreign banks - Bank of America Merrill Lynch, Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, Credit Suisse, HSBC and JPMorgan - to test such technology for interbank payments, including cross-border transactions in foreign currency. The banks will deposit cash as collateral with the MAS, in exchange for MAS-issued digital currency. The banks can later redeem the digital currency for cash. With this system, participating banks pay each other directly with this digital currency, instead of first sending payment instructions through MAS. This could do more than the current system to strengthen resilience and lower costs, said Mr Menon. The banks can also transact directly on a blockchain, as OCBC did with its first-ever blockchain payment transaction with its subsidiaries, OCBC Malaysia and Bank of Singapore, this month. The solution was jointly designed by OCBC Bank and Singapore-based BCS Information Systems. Mr Menon said: "This project marks the first step in MAS's exploration of ways to harness the potential of central bank-issued digital currency. The next phase of the project will involve transactions in foreign currency, possibly with the support of another central bank." UOB's head of group technology and operations Susan Hwee said the bank will increase investments in blockchain, as it sees potential in the technology. Oliver Bussmann, former UBS chief information officer who worked on blockchain technology at the bank, said at the conference he was bullish about cross-border transactions on distributed ledgers, pointing to the momentum around the topic. But well-known former banker Blythe Masters, now chief executive of distributed-ledger service start-up Digital Asset, remarked wryly that the network effect is hard to achieve: "In other words, multiple entities get a religion - preferably the same religion - and decide to show up at the same venue to worship. We know how often that's happened in the history of mankind." In a second experiment, Singapore will try extending information in a government database to the financial industry. The information, kept in a portal known as MyInfo, includes personal details such as NRIC numbers, and residential addresses. The aim is to help financial institutions use this data for form filling, cutting the slog and chances of errors during data entry when gathering the same types of basic information on customers. This pilot will be run with as many as three banks in the first quarter of next year. DBS and Standard Chartered are said to be confirmed; OCBC is getting final approvals to be involved in the trial. MAS will run this experiment with the Ministry of Finance and GovTech. Singapore will also look at more sophisticated uses of citizens' data so that the financial industry can meet the know-your-customer (KYC) requirements in a far less laborious manner, said Mr Menon. Meanwhile, Singapore is gunning to be a "centre of excellence" for the use of application programming interfaces (APIs), which are a set of protocols that define how a system talks to another. It has set out standardisation guidelines - key to prompting common usage among financial institutions and start-ups, said Mr Menon. MAS has also noted that more consumers want to buy financial pro-ducts online. It will soon allow insurers to offer a full suite of life insurance products online without advice - expanding beyond simple term-life and broadly standardised policies - but not without setting out guidelines on safeguards. As well, it will propose ways to manage algorithms for robo-advisers, given that such digital-advice platforms for investment services will soon reach Singapore, said Mr Menon. This will expand on existing efforts in the retail-payments space, with the Association of Banks in Singapore (ABS) working on a scheme that will enable consumers to pay one another using mobile numbers or e-mail addresses as identifiers, rather than bank account numbers. ABS will also move the industry towards using a single-payment terminal that will accept all major card brands. Amid all this innovation, MAS has attracted deeper expertise in cyber-security; the Financial Services - Information Sharing and Analysis Centre from the US is setting up in Singapore its only cyber-intelligence centre in the Asia-Pacific. The centre is the global financial industry's go-to resource for cyber-threat intelligence analysis and sharing, said Mr Menon. "As more financial services are delivered over the Internet, there will be growing security and privacy concerns from cyber threats," he said. "Users will have confidence in new technologies and innovative services only to the extent that they have confidence in cyber security." All in, Mr Menon pointed out that regulation must not "front-run" innovation. "The regulator must run alongside innovation. It is important to keep pace with what is going on, assess what the risks might be, and continually evaluate whether it is necessary to regulate or to leave things to evolve further." MAS on Wednesday finalised its regulatory sandbox guidelines for financial institutions and start-ups to test their ideas. It is already reviewing some sandbox applications, and expects to have some of these proposals launched in the sandbox soon. READ MORE: Asia leads globally in fintech investments: KPMG Five ways that S'pore fintech startups can scale faster Building 'fintech bridges' effective in driving real progress More Fintech disruption in insurance and wealth management in vogue Singapore on course to be cashless society: Swedish minister MAS scheme to help bond issuers offset credit-rating fees More funds for fintech trials as financial industry evolves Asian bond issuers to get grant to help offset credit rating fees: MAS MAS partners R3, consortium in trial project on blockchain technology Purchase this article as keepsake. PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat Banking & Finance Deutsche probe finds chairman did not breach his duties: report 12:20 AM US regulator reverses course, tightens controls on Wells Fargo after scandal 10:33 AM US dollar net longs fall in latest week 10:16 AM AIG sees US$430m loss on Fuji sale, gain on Seoul deal 8:58 AM Singapore on course to be cashless society: Swedish minister 5:50 AM Fintech disruption in insurance and wealth management in vogue 5:50 AM Breaking News 12:30 am Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 12:20 am Deutsche probe finds chairman did not breach his duties: report 12:16 am Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: UN refugee chief 12:12 am Three 'handmade bombs' explode in Yangon supermarket: official 11:56 pm Romney under 'active consideration' for US Secretary of State: Pence 11:19 pm Merkel tells party she's ready to seek 4th term as chancellor 11:08 pm Bernie Ecclestone hints that Singapore no longer wants to hold F1 race 4:33 pm Over 100 killed as Indian train derails 1:42 pm S. Korea's Park had 'considerable role' in corruption scandal: prosecutors 11:16 am Trump meets former rival Romney, a possible contender as top diplomat Back to top Most Read 1 Sibor, SOR up sharply as domestic funding conditions tighten 2 Watch for financial distress signs before it's too late: analysts 3 Swiber under investigation by CAD 4 NKF sacks CEO, says personal indiscretion did not affect financial management 5 Kevin Wo to replace Jessica Tan as Microsoft Singapore MD Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Blogs Focus Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Advertise Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2016 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
null
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Planet Fitness, Inc. Announces Secondary Offering of Class A Common Stock by Selling Stockholders NEWINGTON, N.H., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Planet Fitness, Inc. (NYSE: PLNT) (“Planet Fitness” or the “Company”) today announced that certain of its existing stockholders (the “Selling Stockholders”) intend to offer for sale 15 million shares of its Class A common stock pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Selling Stockholders will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering.  No shares are being sold by the Company. J.P. Morgan will act as underwriter for the offering. A shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (including a prospectus) relating to the offering of the Company’s Class A common stock was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) on September 1, 2016 and became effective on September 9, 2016.  Before you invest, you should read the prospectus in that registration statement and the documents incorporated by reference in that registration statement, as well as the prospectus supplement related to this offering.  You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov.  Alternatively, when available, copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus related to the offering may be obtained by contacting J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by calling toll-free at (866) 803-9204. The offering of these securities will be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus.  This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or other jurisdiction.  Any offer to buy the securities may be withdrawn or revoked, without obligation or commitment of any kind, at any time prior to notice of its acceptance given after the effective date. About Planet Fitness Founded in 1992 in Dover, N.H., Planet Fitness is one of the largest and fastest-growing franchisors and operators of fitness centers in the United States by number of members and locations. As of September 30, 2016, Planet Fitness had more than 8.7 million members and more than 1,200 stores in 47 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Canada and the Dominican Republic. The Company’s mission is to enhance people’s lives by providing a high-quality fitness experience in a welcoming, non-intimidating environment, which we call the Judgement Free Zone®. More than 90% of Planet Fitness stores are owned and operated by independent business men and women. Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains certain statements, expectations, beliefs and projections with respect to future events or future results (“forward-looking statements”).  Forward-looking statements are neither historical facts nor assurances of future events or future results. Instead, they are based only on the Company’s current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding the future of the business, future plans and strategies, projections, anticipated events and trends, the economy and other future conditions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict and many of which are outside of the Company’s control. Actual results may differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in the forward-looking statements include, among others, risks and uncertainties associated with the consummation of the proposed offering by the Selling Stockholders and general economic conditions and the other factors described, or incorporated by reference, in the prospectus supplement or accompanying prospectus. Neither the Company nor any of its affiliates or representatives undertake any obligation to provide additional information or to correct or update any information set forth in this release, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20130109/NE34800LOGO   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Rainmaker Announces Closing of $11 Million Underwritten Private Placement Offering Next Next post: First Bank Initiates a Quarterly Cash Dividend Search for: Search Recent Posts Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business November 16, 2016 10:57 PM Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a miniature reproduction of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" sculpture sits on display at a street vendor's table outside the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. Global stock markets were mixed on Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Oil prices retreated, snapping an overnight rally. Mary Altaffer AP Photo i By EILEEN NG Associated Press Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia Asian stock markets were mixed Thursday as a seven-day rally on Wall Street petered out overnight. The U.S. dollar retreated slightly after hitting a 13-year high and oil prices slipped. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei fell 0.14 percent to 17,838.06 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index eased 0.1 percent to 22,265.16. China's Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,192.25 and South Korea's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 1,977.59. Australia's S&P/ASX rose 0.15 percent to 5,335.90, while benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia gained. ANALYST'S TAKE: Alex Furber, sales trader at CMC Markets in Singapore, said Asian markets are still struggling for direction amid uncertainties over policies from President-elect Donald Trump. "It is very difficult to differentiate what is campaign and what is rhetoric. There is a lot of uncertainty over what policies will actually be put in place in the first 100 days of his presidency," Furber said. "That is why the rally in the U.S. has started to fade last night." OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude extended losses, easing 11 cents to $45.46 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed down 24 cents to $45.57 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, fell nine cents to $46.54 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks ended barely lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains made since the presidential election last week but technology and consumer stocks climbed. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 0.3 percent to 18,868.14. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 0.2 percent to 2,176.94 but the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 5,294.58. CURRENCIES: The dollar dipped to 108.9190 yen from 109.15 yen late Wednesday, while the euro rose to $1.0701 from $1.0681. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:36 Haitians pick a president Pause 0:21 Driver plows into Oregon restaurant 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 1:18 How the octopus moves 1:43 It's Election Day in Haiti 1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area 1:43 Treatment center offers relief from lice 0:33 IHOP diner stabs server for 'poisoned' food Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 2:15 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 0:37 2 months ago A laser-powered robot caterpillar 1:27 2 months ago Elizabeth Warren to Wells Fargo CEO: 'You should resign' View more video Business They aren't afraid to call themselves jerks who sell jerky South Florida’s tech salaries going up but not enough Another sign of change in Cuba: Delta Air Lines selling tickets from Havana office Miami-Dade unemployment ticks up in October Mitt Romney’s firm considered buying the Miami Marlins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service

X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlooks Autos Markets Markets Home Indices Stock Quotes India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities Funds India Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring - source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Thu Nov 17, 2016 | 5:08am IST JPMorgan to settle U.S. government probe of China hiring - source A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Noeleen Walder JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) will pay more than $250 million to settle allegations by the U.S. government that it had hired children of Chinese decision makers to win business, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. The bank will pay roughly $200 million combined to the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Justice Department and more than $50 million to the Federal Reserve, the source said. There will not be any individual prosecution at this time, the source said. The SEC opened an investigation into JPMorgan in 2013 over the hiring. The Justice Department opened a parallel investigation around the same time. Investment banks have a long history of employing the children of China's politically connected. While close ties to top government officials are a boon to any banking franchise across the world, they are especially beneficial in China, where relationships and personal connections play a critical role in business decisions. The SEC, JPMorgan and the Justice Department all declined to comment. The settlement was first reported by Bloomberg. It will end a probe into whether the bank's hires violated U.S. anti-bribery laws, Bloomberg said. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru and Noeleen Walder in New York; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Leslie Adler) Next In Money News Japan PM Abe: way to peace treaty with Russia coming into sight LIMA Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Saturday that a way to concluding a peace treaty with Russia is "coming into sight," raising hopes for tangible progress on a decades-old territorial row at bilateral summit meetings set for mid-December in Japan. Asian export nations wary dollar boost gives Trump pretext to beat them TOKYO/SEOUL Asian currency policymakers are worried that the strengthening of the dollar on expectations of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's fiscal policies could be used by his administration as a stick to beat them with on trade protectionist grounds. Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory - paper FRANKFURT Europe's largest carmaker Volkswagen sees building its own factory to make electronic vehicle batteries as a logical move as it expands production of low-emission cars after its emissions scandal. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Top News At least 107 dead as train derails near Kanpur Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Alts Currency-Hedged Equities Fixed-Income New ETFs Webcasts ETF Newsletter Video Podcasts ETF Strategist Channel Search You Are Here: Home → 2016 → November → A Smart-Beta, Small-Cap ETF to Help Investors Cope with Volatility A Smart-Beta, Small-Cap ETF to Help Investors Cope with Volatility Max Chen November 16, 2016 0 Comment Current Affairs, Indexing, JPME, JPSE, JPUS, Large-Cap, Lead, Mid-Cap, New ETFs, Small-Cap, smart beta Rounding out its line of Diversified Return multi-factor ETFs, J.P. Morgan added a small-cap strategy to help investors gain exposure to smaller companies with potentially less volatility. On Wednesday, J.P. Morgan launched the JPMorgan Diversified Return U.S. Small Cap Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPSE). JPSE has a net expense ratio of 0.39%. JPSE will try to reflect the performance of the Russell 2000 Diversified Factor Index, which is comprised of small-cap equity securities in the U.S. selected based on a rules-based proprietary multi-factor selection process that screens for relative valuation, momentum and quality. Stocks are also weighted to diversify risk across individual equity securities. According to J.P. Morgan, this process has historically helped drive strong performance. “FTSE Russell market research indicates that investors are looking for index tools and ETFs based on leading benchmarks to help them pursue a wide range of their objectives, including lower volatility, return enhancement and diversification” Ron Bundy, CEO North America Benchmarks at FTSE Russell, said in the press release. “Our Russell 2000 Diversified Factor Index is designed to deliver these benefits in a rules based and transparent manner.” Trending on ETF Trends Legg Mason Adds New Emerging Market ETF to Low Volatility Suite A New Active Short-Term Bond ETF to Play Rising Rate Risks A New ETF Targeting High Yield Developed Market Dividend Stocks A New Smart Beta Restaurant ETF is on the Menu A Dividend-Focused International ETF That Hedges Currency Risks Moreover, the fund’s screen process should help diminish risk or exposure to more volatility small-cap securities to help bolster long-term, risk-adjusted returns. The underlying index diversify risks that are less likely to be rewarded while overweighting areas that are more likely to be rewarded. “In choppy markets, many investors are seeking a less volatile way to participate in equities” Robert Deutsch, Global Head of ETFs for J.P. Morgan Asset Management, said in a press release. “JPSE is a cost-efficient, risk-managed approach to U.S. small cap investing, enabling clients to get invested in the equity markets.” The alternative multi-factor indexing methodology may help investors diversify away from potential risks associated with traditional market capitalization-weighted indices, such as bubbles, risk concentrations and preference for overvalued stocks. JPSE rounds out J.P. Morgan’s U.S. equity asset category offerings, including the JPMorgan Diversified Return US Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPUS), which leans toward large-cap companies, and JPMorgan Diversified Return U.S. Mid Cap Equity ETF (NYSEArca: JPME), which focuses more on mid-cap stocks. For more information on new fund products, visit our new ETFs category. Categories: New ETFs Tags: Current Affairs, Indexing, JPME, JPSE, JPUS, Large-Cap, Lead, Mid-Cap, New ETFs, Small-Cap, smart beta Share This Post You might also like: Legg Mason Adds New Emerging Market ETF to Low Volatility Suite A New Active Short-Term Bond ETF to Play Rising Rate Risks A New ETF Targeting High Yield Developed Market Dividend Stocks A New Smart Beta Restaurant ETF is on the Menu Post Comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News What Expectations Has President-Elect Trump Set for Our Future Together? 403(b) Plans: The Flaws Teachers Should Know Don’t Assume “CFP” Equals “Fiduciary.” Ask 2 Essential Questions 4 Ways to Cut Childcare Costs & Regain Balance Surprising Results on Fitness Trackers & Implications for Investing The Election Is Over. Now It’s Time to Listen to the Data Raising the Bar for ESG Investing Expectations ETF STRATEGIST CHANNEL Revisiting Active Investing: Is the Trend in Passive Over? By Rob Stein, Astor Investment Management Potential Investment Winners & Losers Post-Election—and What’s Next By Horizon Investments Protectionism May “Trump” Emerging Markets; The 3 C’s Revisited By Chris Kostantinos, Riverfront Investment Group First the Election, Next the Fed, and the Grind Continues By Gary Stringer, Kim Escue, & Chad Keller, Stringer Asset Management About Us Thanks for visiting ETFtrends.com. Our team of writers, editors, and financial experts work hard to bring you the latest news, trends and insights from the world of exchange traded funds. The following links will give you some further information about us and our team. Read more BE SURE TO VISIT ETF Education Central ETF Analyzer ETF Resume Premium Membership ETF Trends Education Articles Index Category Highlights Feature Articles Video Podcasts Glossary COPYRIGHT © 2005-2016 GLOBAL TRENDS INVESTMENTS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. DISCLAIMERS
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Rally Fades as Banks Lead Stocks Lower; Dollar Still Rising Rally Fades as Banks Lead Stocks Lower; Dollar Still Rising Wednesday, November 16, 2016 at 3:02 pm | ט"ו חשון תשע"ז Traders on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday. (Reuters/Brendan McDermid) NEW YORK (AP) - U.S. stocks are slightly lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains they’ve made since the presidential election last week. The dollar continues to appreciate against other currencies and has reached its highest mark in 13 years. The price of oil is up further after a big rise the day before. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 85 points, or 0.5 percent, to 18,838 as of 1:15 p.m. Eastern. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 7 points, or 0.3 percent, to 2,173. The Nasdaq composite picked up 13 points, or 0.3 percent, to 5,288. The Dow has risen for seven days in a row through Tuesday and is up 5.8 percent over that time. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq have also made large gains. BANKS SLIDE: Banks took the biggest losses in early trading. JPMorgan Chase fell $1.86, or 2.3 percent, to $77.78 and Morgan Stanley lost 95 cents, or 2.4 percent, to reach $39.06 while Zions Bancorp fell $1.59, or 4.1 percent, to $37.17. The S&P 500’s financial stock index has jumped 11 percent since the presidential election. CURRENCIES: The ICE U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the dollar against six other currencies, rose to 100.38, its highest level since April of 2003. The dollar is rising in part because investors think the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at a faster pace in response to inflation stemming from the increased spending that President-elect Donald Trump has proposed. A stronger dollar hurts U.S. companies that do a lot of business overseas because it makes their products more expensive, and it affects their earnings when they are translated from other currencies back into U.S. dollars. However it makes imported goods cheaper for consumers in the U.S. The dollar slipped 109.20 Japanese yen from 109.32 yen late Tuesday. The euro slid to $1.0695 from $1.0718. STAY ON TARGET: Retailer Target raised its profit forecast and its sales projections for the third quarter with the holiday season approaching. That came as the retailer gave a strong third-quarter report, as it put more emphasis on low prices after it stumbled in the second quarter. The stock gained $5.44, or 7.6 percent, to reach $76.88. TJX, the parent of TJ Maxx and Marshalls, reported a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected and its stock rose $2.54, or 3.5 percent, to $76.03. That helped lead consumer stocks a bit higher. LOWE’S LOWER: Home improvement retailer Lowe’s fell $2.51, or 3.6 percent, to $66.54. The company said traffic in stores was low during the third quarter, and Lowe’s reported a smaller third-quarter profit because of big charges connected to the end of its Hydrox joint venture, write-downs of canceled projects, and goodwill and impairment charges. Its rival Home Depot traded lower Tuesday after its quarterly report. TECH RESET: Technology companies also moved upward as they continued a rally from a day earlier. Scientific instrument maker Agilent picked up $1.11, or 2.4 percent, to $46.51 after a strong earnings report, graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $5.38, or 6.2 percent, to $91.57 after it announced a collaboration with Microsoft, and Apple picked up $2.39, or 2.2 percent, to $109.50. Tech stocks had weakened since the election. Trump’s policies might affect their sales in China and other key markets, and a big surge this summer had brought some technology stocks to all-time highs. INDUSTRIALS: Defense contractors Lockheed Martin declined $3.84, or 1.4 percent, to $262.09 and General Dynamics fell $2.25, or 1.3 percent, to $165.77. Airlines also traded lower after some hefty gains on Tuesday. OIL: Oil prices were mixed. Benchmark U.S. crude picked up 11 cents to $45.92 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, remained at $46.95 a barrel in London. The price of U.S. crude oil soared 5.7 percent on Tuesday as investors hoped the oil-producing OPEC countries will agree to a production cut that would boost prices. Energy companies fell. They had rallied on Tuesday along with the price of crude oil. BONDS: Bond prices were little changed. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.22 percent. Bond yields, which are used to set interest rates on many kinds of loans including mortgages, have risen to their highest levels since the beginning of the year as investors expect inflation to rise. Bond investors hate inflation because it erodes the value of the fixed interest payments that bonds pay. MARKETS OVERSEAS: In Germany the DAX lost 0.7 percent while France’s CAC 40 was off 0.8 percent. Britain’s FTSE 100 slid 0.6 percent. Asian markets finished mostly higher. Japan’s Nikkei jumped 1.1 percent and the Kospi in Seoul, South Korea gained 0.6 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index closed 0.2 percent lower. Filed under: Bonds, Markets Print Email Gmail Related An Early Rally Fades, Leaving Stocks Modestly Lower U.S. Stocks Jump as Rising Interest Rates Send Banks Higher U.S. Stocks Gain as Dollar Rally Wanes; Banks Jump Energy Companies Lead the Way As U.S. Stocks Keep Rising  Energy Stocks Lead a Broad Rally as the Price of Oil Soars Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Why the New Car Model Year Is Ahead of Time Dupont Freezes Payments to Pension Plan for 13,000 Employees U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
null
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats by: EILEEN NG, Associated Press Writer Updated: Nov 16, 2016 - 10:55 PM Twtter KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) - Asian stock markets were mixed Thursday as a seven-day rally on Wall Street petered out overnight. The U.S. dollar retreated slightly after hitting a 13-year high and oil prices slipped. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei fell 0.14 percent to 17,838.06 and Hong Kong's Hang Seng index eased 0.1 percent to 22,265.16. China's Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,192.25 and South Korea's Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 1,977.59. Australia's S&P/ASX rose 0.15 percent to 5,335.90, while benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia gained. ANALYST'S TAKE: Alex Furber, sales trader at CMC Markets in Singapore, said Asian markets are still struggling for direction amid uncertainties over policies from President-elect Donald Trump. "It is very difficult to differentiate what is campaign and what is rhetoric. There is a lot of uncertainty over what policies will actually be put in place in the first 100 days of his presidency," Furber said. "That is why the rally in the U.S. has started to fade last night." OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude extended losses, easing 11 cents to $45.46 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed down 24 cents to $45.57 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, fell nine cents to $46.54 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks ended barely lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains made since the presidential election last week but technology and consumer stocks climbed. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 0.3 percent to 18,868.14. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 0.2 percent to 2,176.94 but the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 5,294.58. CURRENCIES: The dollar dipped to 108.9190 yen from 109.15 yen late Wednesday, while the euro rose to $1.0701 from $1.0681. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Fed rate hike predictions support dollar but weigh on stocks Asian shares mixed, Nikkei up as Yellen remarks lift dollar Markets await testimony from Yellen; dollar likely in focus News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null

Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 54° Share Asian markets mixed as US rally fades, dollar retreats By Marley Jay / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 8:50am Updated: Wednesday, November 16th, 2016 at 8:57pm In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a miniature reproduction of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" sculpture sits on display at a street vendor's table outside the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. Global stock markets were mixed on Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Oil prices retreated, snapping an overnight rally. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Asian stock markets were mixed Thursday as a seven-day rally on Wall Street petered out overnight. The U.S. dollar retreated slightly after hitting a 13-year high and oil prices slipped. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei fell 0.14 percent to 17,838.06 and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index eased 0.1 percent to 22,265.16. China’s Shanghai Composite Index lost 0.4 percent to 3,192.25 and South Korea’s Kospi shed 0.1 percent to 1,977.59. Australia’s S&P/ASX rose 0.15 percent to 5,335.90, while benchmarks in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia gained. ANALYST’S TAKE: Alex Furber, sales trader at CMC Markets in Singapore, said Asian markets are still struggling for direction amid uncertainties over policies from President-elect Donald Trump. “It is very difficult to differentiate what is campaign and what is rhetoric. There is a lot of uncertainty over what policies will actually be put in place in the first 100 days of his presidency,” Furber said. “That is why the rally in the U.S. has started to fade last night.” OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude extended losses, easing 11 cents to $45.46 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed down 24 cents to $45.57 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, fell nine cents to $46.54 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks ended barely lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains made since the presidential election last week but technology and consumer stocks climbed. The Dow Jones industrial average dipped 0.3 percent to 18,868.14. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index lost 0.2 percent to 2,176.94 but the Nasdaq composite added 0.4 percent to 5,294.58. CURRENCIES: The dollar dipped to 108.9190 yen from 109.15 yen late Wednesday, while the euro rose to $1.0701 from $1.0681. Advertisement Continue reading Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Suggested Stories: Asian stocks mostly lower as 'Brexit' worries linger – Jun 27, 2016 Asian stocks mixed as investors reassessed global economy – Jul 19, 2016 Asian stock markets slip as investors await Bank of Japan – Jul 27, 2016 Asian stocks mixed as investors focus on US election – Nov 7, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
null
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News European markets down, Asia mixed as US rally fades European markets down, Asia mixed as US rally fades Nov 16, 2016 Eileen Ng, The Associated Press   0 KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia – European stocks fell Thursday while Asian markets ended mixed after trading in a narrow range, after a seven-day Wall Street rally faded. The U.S. dollar retreated slightly after hitting a 13-year high but oil prices rebounded. KEEPING SCORE: France’s CAC 40 fell 0.2 per cent to 4,493.41 while Germany’s DAX shed 0.3 per cent to 10,632.58. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares fell 0.6 per cent at 6,749.72. U.S. stocks were poised for a steady opening, with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 futures up 0.1 per cent. ANALYST’S TAKE: Alex Furber, sales trader at CMC Markets in Singapore, said markets are still struggling for direction, stymied by uncertainty what President-elect Donald Trump will do. Markets are watching for Federal Reserve chairwoman Janet Yellen’s testimony on the economic outlook to Congress later Thursday, and for the release of a slew of economic data, including October consumer prices and weekly jobless claims. “It is very difficult to differentiate what is campaign and what is rhetoric. There is a lot of uncertainty over what policies will actually be put in place in the first 100 days of his presidency,” Furber said. “That is why the rally in the U.S. has started to fade last night.” OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude rebounded, rising 21 cents to $45.78 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed down 24 cents to $45.57 a barrel on Wednesday. Brent crude, which is used to price international oils, added 19 cents to $46.82 a barrel in London. ASIA’S DAY: Japan’s Nikkei was flat at 17,862.63 and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index eased 0.1 per cent to 22,262.88. China’s Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.1 per cent to 3,208.45 and Australia’s S&P/ASX rose 0.2 per cent to 5,338.50, while benchmarks in Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore gained. CURRENCIES: The dollar fell to 109.13 yen from 109.15 yen late Wednesday. The euro rose to $1.0728 from $1.0681. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The coldest handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief and very frosty exchange at Peru summit - amid angry clashes over Syria and Russian support for Trump Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  Romney swallows his pride: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition Come all ye faithful: Donald Trump and Mike Pence go to church in Bedminster before meeting Giuliani, Christie and Rahm Emanuel's Hollywood agent brother for more transition team talks White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee - who fired 241 teachers in 2010 - as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet Meet the Oxford-trained actor who delivered Hamilton cast's powerful message to Pence and told President-elect Trump 'conversation is not harassment' Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready Previous Next Dollar reaches a 13-year high as hopes for Trump administration rise - but stock markets tumble for the first time since his win as Wall Street's 'election hangover' kicks in  The dollar reached 100. 57 on Wednesday - its highest since April 2003 Proves investors hopes for high-spend, low tax Trump regime, said experts Stock markets dipped for the first time after a record-breaking week The decrease in the Dow and S&P 500 marks the start of a slump  Analysts described the change from overexcited betting as a 'hangover'  By Jennifer Smith For Dailymail.com Published: 16:32 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 00:01 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail 69 shares 29 View comments The dollar reached a 13-year high on Wednesday, the latest in a string of market records since President-elect Trump's election victory.  It reached 100.57 before midday, the highest it has been since April 2003, and closed on 100.37, an increase of 0.23 percent since Tuesday.  The surge peaked a week of steady growth since Donald Trump claimed the presidential election on November 9 after initial overnight panic when the result was unclear. The boost is evidence of investors' hopes that Trump will implement a high-spend, low tax regime which will push up interest rates, said analysts.    The US dollar closed on 100.37 on Wednesday after reaching a peak of 100.57 earlier in the day, its highest since April 2003  While the dollar soared, stock markets showed the first symptoms of an 'election hangover'.  The Dow and S&P 500 indexes dipped for the first time, falling 54 and 3.45 points respectively since Tuesday's close. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tens of thousands of students join protests to make campuses... Mexico, China, Israel and two dozen more: Trump transition... Share this article Share Banks suffered for the first time since the Republican's win, with US Bank Corp stocks falling 1.70 percent and Bank of America shares dipping by 2 percent.  The fall is the start of an 'election hangover', said experts, after a week of record-breaking growth since Trump's surprise triumph.  'You've got a little bit of a hangover from the Trump rally today,' said Steven Chiavarone, a New York-based associate portfolio manager of Federated Investors Global Allocation Fund. The surge is proof of investors' hopes in President-elect Donald Trump's plans for a high-spend, low-tax regime, said investors  'The market priced in pretty quickly a very rosy scenario but now you're seeing a little doubt on the counter frame as he puts together his team.'  The dollar's surge is evidence of investors' faith in a pro-business, low-tax regime, said analysts.  'What's pushed the dollar higher here in the short term is with the Trump win, particularly combined with (Republicans) holding on to the Senate,' said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute.   It may also demonstrate investors' hopes for increased interest rates triggered by the Federal Reserve in response to Trump's anticipated spending spree.   While the dollar soared, the Dow index was down for the first time since Trump's win  The S&P 500 also closed on a negative average after a record-breaking week of trading  Wall Street has slumped into a post-election hangover, said experts. Above, traders at the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday  The greenback has been slowly strengthening after an initial dip in the early hours of November 9 when Trump emerged as the election winner - a shock outcome and one which rocked the markets.  Investors withdrew their faith in the dollar and US stocks, placing it instead in safe havens including the Japanese yen and gold and silver.  Their confidence was returned hours later as the Dow and S&P indexes recovered initial losses and embarked on a record-breaking week of trading.  Now, it is on course for parity with the euro - an unseen occurrence since 2002.  Technology stocks were among those that thrived on Wednesday while the indexes suffered as a whole.  Graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $5.44, or 6.3 percent, to $91.63 after it announced a collaboration with Microsoft, and Apple picked up $2.93, or 2.7 percent, to $110.04.  Oil prices however fell. Benchmark US Crude lost 24 cents to $47.57 a barrel and Bent Crude fell 32 cents after soaring on Tuesday.   Share or comment on this article e-mail 69 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Romney leaves after meeting with President-elect Trump Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan throws herself into her work on set of TV show Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara is revealed 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'Birthday behaviour!' Kylie Jenner wows in figure hugging white dress as she treats Tyga to a THIRD party  She treated Tyga to a night out Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs He was 57 when he died Gleb Savchenko falls sick with the flu just a day before competing in Dancing With The Stars finale News was announced on Insatgram Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read The coldest handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief frosty exchange at Peru summit... Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education... The Oxford-trained actor who delivered Hamilton cast's powerful message to Pence and told Trump... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is... 'Don't assume the worst': Obama tells world leaders in Peru 'to give Trump a chance' because 'how you... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... 'Take that, liberal actors!': Pro-Trump flash mob gather outside Hamilton theater a day after the cast of... 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals... The Queen's our trump card: Theresa May to use Her Majesty as the 'secret weapon' to win over the Donald MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet 'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout Login Become a Member Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail , Logout Become a Member Login Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Campaign Trail Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular Login Become a member Search Cheil Office in Seoul Raided Amid South Korean Political Scandal By Angela Doland - 25 minutes ago Array 0 Clinton Went Too Negative, Says Democratic Latino Voter Group By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago Array 0 Ad Industry's Self-Regulation Is an Exclusive Club, Says Watchdog By Kate Kaye - 2 hours ago Array 0 Don't Call It a Comeback: NFL Sees Post-Election Ratings Spike By Anthony Crupi - 2 hours ago Array 0 Onion CEO Takes Over Sales Across Fusion Media Group Amid Larger Restructuring, Staff Cuts By Jeremy Barr - 2 hours ago Array 0 Facebook Reports More Measurement Glitches By Garett Sloane - 2 hours ago 0 Clinton Went Too Negative, Says Democratic Latino Voter Group By Kate Kaye - 1 hour ago 0 'Game of Thrones' Meets Sparkling Water in SodaStream's Hilarious Parody By Ann-Christine Diaz - 21 hours ago 0 Don't Call It a Comeback: NFL Sees Post-Election Ratings Spike By Anthony Crupi - 2 hours ago 0 Onion CEO Takes Over Sales for Fusion Media Group Amid Restructuring, Staff Cuts By Jeremy Barr - 2 hours ago 0 Ad Age's Best Places to Work 2016 By Ad Age Staff - 2 days ago 0 See the Look: Taco Bell's Updated Logo Coincides With Vegas Strip Debut By Jessica Wohl - 2 days ago 0 Kate McKinnon's Tearful 'Hallelujah' Performance as Hillary Clinton Is Catharsis for 61 Million Americans By Ann-Christine Diaz - Yesterday 0 Lyft Ditches Mustache, Launches Biggest Campaign to Date By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 PepsiCo CEO on Trump Win: 'Our Employees Are All Crying' By E.J. Schultz - 23 hours ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US IMPORTANT CHANGES TO YOUR DIGITAL ACCESS As we work to bring even more value to our audience, we’ve made important changes for those who receive Ad Age with our compliments. As of November 15, 2016 we will no longer be offering full digital access to AdAge.com. However, we will continue to send you our industry-leading print issues focused on providing you with what you need to know to succeed. If you’d like to continue your unlimited access to AdAge.com, we invite you to become a paid subscriber. Get the news, insights and tools that help you stay on top of what’s next. Subscribe for $59/Yr - Save $50 CMO Award Winners Name the Top Challenges Coming in 2017 By Drew Neisser. Published on November 16, 2016. The CMO Awards honored 40 CMOs in 10 categories. Credit: The CMO Club Most Popular Last night The CMO Club honored 40 CMOs in 10 award categories, ranging from Marketing Innovation to Social Responsibility, from Customer Experience to Creativity and Storytelling. The variety of the annual awards -- now in their fifth year -- reflects the fundamental truth that the CMO role is ever evolving, and requires both in-the-moment practicality and see-around-the-corner vision. Focusing on the second component, I asked 15 of the 40 award winners to share their thoughts on the challenges that await their peers in 2017. What I heard was initially perplexing but ultimately revealing. Under siege for years to deliver more (awareness, leads, sales, experiences, data, stories, LTV, KPIs, etc.) with less (budget, time, staff and patience), many successful CMOs have come to terms with the demands of their jobs simply by embracing the and over the or. Dichotomy is suddenly a friendly state of mind: a place where CMOs find the courage to boldly plot out their biggest challenges for the year ahead. "Our challenge will lie in how well CMOs respond not just to change but to the sometimes more uncomfortable position of ambiguity," said Gina McDuffie, CMO of production equipment company VER. 1. Nurturing IQ and EQ With mar-tech budgets rivaling their IT counterparts, you might think the CMO's job is reserved for the left-brained these days. Lee Applbaum, the CMO of Patron Spirits, on the other hand, fears that focusing on short-term digital campaign metrics is a form of myopia that "loses the longer-term implications around building brand equity and affinity." "Today's CMO must possess the fundamental 'IQ' skills necessary to execute the job technically, but even broader 'EQ' skills to manage the organization -- particularly at the senior management and board level -- so that it understands that building a sustainable, world-class brand often means making short-term sacrifices," Applbaum said. 2. Driving sales and brand The challenge of driving short-term results while simultaneously building one's brand almost dates back to the caveman's first marketing plan. What's new is the array of options to consider. "We are clear on our goals and tactics for direct marketing and our owned assets, but the rest of the landscape is changing so rapidly we will need to take some bets," said Melinda Welsh, CMO, Home and Auto Finance, JP Morgan Chase. Anthony Christie, CMO of Level 3 Communications, frames this challenge as "accelerating quality top line growth," with "quality" referring to the need to attract the right type of customer. 3. Balancing the science and the art "Much of the marketing conversation over the last several years has centered around data and analytics -- the 'science' of marketing," said Rich Honiball, CMO of the Navy Exchange. Though Honiball recognizes the importance of analytics, he advises CMOs not to "lose sight of the 'art' of marketing: not only the creative ways in which we deliver our message, but what the message is in the first place." Patti Newcomer, VP, marketing, Intuit ProConnect Group, agrees that cutting through creatively in every channel is essential. "I think we might be losing sight of that as our key challenge in the midst of all of the technology challenges that we're all grappling with," she said. 4. Connecting innovation and culture Increasingly, CMOs see themselves not just as a spark for innovation in product development and marketing but also as agents of change across their organizations. Claudia Schiepers, CMO at Greystone & Co, describes this dual challenge as the need to come up with "Innovation strategies," adding, "How can we make sure that everyone in the company genuinely feels like they are an active participant in the organization's innovation activities." Paula Puleo Blomquist, CMO at Eyemart Express, sees the job evolving to be "more about change/culture management than channel strategy development and execution." 5. Mining data and thinking creatively "Because there's so much data available, we're often overwhelmed," said Arra Yerganian, CMO at Sutter Health. To overcome this challenge, Yerganian believes great marketers will use "a sixth sense that helps them find and drive forward ideas that resonate with the consumer in a new, authentic way." Dan Marks, CMO, Hancock & Whitney Bank, echoed this sentiment: "There has never been a better time to be a CMO with the tools available like design thinking and better analytical capabilities to speak directly to customers and improve the customer experience," he said. 6. Owning both marketing and customer experience Long at the mercy of less-than-stellar product quality or customer service, some CMOs are eager to take ownership of the entire customer experience, starting first with better employee training. "There's too much emphasis right now on technology and channel, and not enough being done to ensure a proper carry through with respect to employee training," said Steven Handmaker, CMO at Chicago-based Assurance. "If we portray one experience and deliver another, our brands can be fatally harmed." 7. Weighing data and strategy Alma Derricks, VP of sales and marketing at Cirque du Soleil, believes marketers need to "defend themselves against the growing mythology of Big Data as a silver bullet to customer-facing issues; data is a tool, not a replacement for a coherent go-to-market strategy." Ann Davids, SVP & CMO of Direct General Insurance concurs: "I struggle with how much of this technology we really need to consume and at what time, as to not over invest in new emerging [tech] when you can wait and benefit from others R&D investments and experiences." 8. Leading for today and tomorrow Lest you thought that CMO challenges aren't all that tough, consider the fact that many CMOs see anticipating the future as a critical part of their job. "Those who are following today's trends may realize they've arrived at the party a little late," explains Dara Royer, CMO at the non-profit Mercy Corp. Elissa Fink, CMO, Tableau Software, put it this way: "A very large challenge is figuring out how to move forward in big, transformational ways without sacrificing the little, incremental improvements that are often a huge portion of ongoing success." Or, as Jane Wakely, CMO, Global Chocolate at Mars, offerred in conclusion: "Companies and brands need to keep the tension of learning from and honoring the past whilst being agile and entrepreneurial to embrace the future." In this article: CMO Strategy Drew Neisser Drew Neisser is founder and CEO of Renegade, a New York-based marketing agency, as well as the author of "The CMO's Periodic Table: A Renegade's Guide to Marketing." Follow View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2016 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17 x Scroll to Continue
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Sunday, November 20, 2016 Home World U.S. Canada Climate War & Peace Economy Rights Solutions President-Elect Donald Trump #NoDAPL 2016 Key Ballot Issues Election 2016 Hillary Clinton Bernie Sanders Welcome to Swamp Trump. Please Don’t Feed the Gators. Published on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 by People's Action Blog Welcome to Swamp Trump. Please Don’t Feed the Gators. by Richard Eskow 0 Comments "It’s true," writes Eskow. "The reptiles are taking over." (Photo: Pixabay/CC0) It’s already a Washington truism that Donald Trump, who promised to “drain the swamp” of lobbyists and others who exploit government for personal gain, has turned to it instead for his key appointments. It’s true. The reptiles are taking over. Let’s take a tour of the place while we still can. "Trump’s only doing what his fellow developers did in the Florida Land Rush of the 1920s: He’s selling people paradise, but giving them swampland instead." Welcome to Trump Swamp. Join us on the glass-bottom boat as we gaze on the denizens below. Keep your hands inside the railings – and please don’t feed the gators. It’s hard to get past the white nationalist in any discussion of Trump’s team. Sure, they call Steve Bannon’s worldview “alt-right,” but that’s deceptive. That makes it sound like something new, when hatred is as old as the hills. White supremacist Jared Taylor cheered Bannon’s hire, saying he suspected Bannon will serve as an “anti-waffler” to maintain Trump’s ideological and racial purity. (Taylor’s most recent tweet, as of this writing is, “Excellent Boston Globe article about the Hispanic invasion. This is how we throw away our country.”) “I think that’s excellent,” said former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke of Bannon’s hire. “Perhaps The Donald IS for ‘REAL’,” the chairman of the American Nazi Party exulted, adding: “Time will tell.” Admittedly, when one of the President-elect’s appointments gets positive responses from the KKK and the Nazis, it’s hard to focus on his other hires. But it’s important. If “personnel is policy,” as Sen. Elizabeth Warren says, then Trump’s policy is plunder. Billionaire Steve Mnuchin is a leading contender for Secretary of the Treasury. As we first noted last August, Mnuchin ran a mortgage-lending outfit called One West, which was investigated for its abusive treatment of borrowers. The California Reinvestment Coalition asked authorities to investigate One West’s pattern of racial discrimination in foreclosures, and specifically cited its “foreclosures of widows.” Looks like the proprietor of Trump University has found a soul mate. There are others. Trump also sought out JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon for Treasury Secretary. Dimon has presided over a truly epic orgy of fraud during his tenure. Dimon is a generous campaign donor to politicians from both parties, which may explain why he has escaped serious investigation. (Dimon wisely took his name out of consideration for the job. Elizabeth Warren would have humiliated him.) Then there’s billionaire Wilbur Ross, a leading contender for Commerce Secretary. Ross, who is already reassuring investors that Trump won’t do anything rash on trade, invests in “distressed assets.” What the aliens in “Independence Day” do to planets like Earth, Ross does to troubled companies. He plunders them for anything of value and then leaves them in ruins. And speaking of plundering a planet and leaving it in ruins, here are the leading contenders for Trump’s top energy and environmental slots: Oil tycoon Forrest Lucas is a frontrunner for Secretary of the Interior. He makes his money by digging up the land he would be tasked to protect. But Lucas is not a one-dimensional candidate. He also hates animals. Lucas is, as Politico reports, “one of the biggest donors to groups that attack the Humane Society and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals, and (who) defend animal agriculture, hunting, meat consumption, rodeos and circuses.” Like dogs? Lucas reportedly spent hundreds of thousands of dollars defending puppy mills from a ballot initiative. And you’ll get two for the price of one: his wife and Lucas Oil co-founder Charlotte Lucas has attacked atheists and Muslims on Facebook, writing, “I’m sick and tired of minorities running this country!” Feel like you’re in a swamp yet? Trump’s considering a real mother-fracker for Energy Secretary: Oklahoma oil billionaire Harold Hamm has extensive holdings in corporations that use fracking and other techniques to extract oil from Mother Earth. (What did you think I meant?) Hamm’s spent years trying to get federal lands turned over to companies like his for exploitation. Bloomberg News reported that Hamm tried to get some earthquake researchers fired from the University of Oklahoma, where he’s a major donor, because they were investigating the connection between oil and gas extraction and Oklahoma’s “nearly 400-fold increase in earthquakes.” Expect more man-made earthquakes under a Trump/Hamm regime. Trump is also reportedly planning to turn leadership of the Environmental Protection Agency to far-right environmental nemesis Myron Ebell. Ebell has parlayed his extreme anti-government views and his refusal to accept climate science’s findings – a refusal grounded in absolutely no scientific qualifications whatsoever – into a lucrative gig as the head of a fossil-fuel industry front group he calls the ”Competitive Enterprise Institute.” Today the institute, tomorrow the world – destroying it, that is. (Note to media: “Climate contrarian” is a weasel phrase. It’s like calling Flat-Earthers “geography contrarians.” The right term for Ebell is “industry-funded crank.”) There are more cold-blooded creatures like these in Trump’s world, but it’s time for our tour to end. What we’re seeing here is nothing new. Trump’s only doing what his fellow developers did in the Florida Land Rush of the 1920s: He’s selling people paradise, but giving them swampland instead. Trump’s “contract with the American voter” promised that he would “clean up corruption and special interest collusion” in Washington in his first hundred days as president. Oh, well. It won’t be the first contract Trump’s ever broken. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 License. Richard Eskow Richard (RJ) Eskow is a senior fellow at Campaign for America's Future. Share This Article Related Articles The Swamp Democracy Is Not Demonization Can a Mass Movement Seize This Anti-Trump Moment? Installing a Torture Fan at CIA More in: Economy, U.S. , Donald Trump, Corporate Power Top Comments (Click to see more comments or to join the conversation) Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Todd Gitlin Bad Faith Has Many Brands Julie Chinitz Cleaning the Corporate Dirt from the GOP Budget Saadia Ahmad Democracy Is Not Demonization Ray McGovern Installing a Torture Fan at CIA Shamus Cooke Can a Mass Movement Seize This Anti-Trump Moment? César Chelala Hamilton vs Trump Christopher Brauchli The Swamp Augie Lindmark After a Long Week, the Single Payer Movement Marches On Rev. Dr. William J. Barber II A Dying Mule Always Kicks the Hardest Bill McKibben Donald Trump is Betting Against all Odds on Climate Change LeeAnn Hall This Doesn't Sound Like Our Voice... Rohit Chandan TV Pundits Eager to Make Trump the New 'Normal'... More Views News That Matters Chelsea Manning Supporters Launch Last-Ditch Call for Clemency In 'Stunning Reversal,' President-Elect Trump Settles Over University Scam Booed on Broadway, Pence Gets Lesson in 'American Values' from Hamilton Cast As Schools See Hate-Fueled Attacks Rise, Millions Demand Trump Speak Out Unified Against Trump Threat, World Vows To Push Ahead on Climate Action Sanders Draws Massive Crowds as Progressives Prepare to Fight Trump Hey, Trump Told, 'Get Your Daughter the F$%k Out of State Meetings!' UK Set to Approve Most Extreme Spy Bill in 'History of Western Democracy' Trump Taps 'Master Assassin,' 'Right-Wing Nutty' as National Security Advisor Attorney General Jeff Sessions? A "Direct Attack" on Nation's Minorities More News Further Gaza Trip: A Collaboration of Israeli Musicians, Palestinian Parkour Athletes and "Just Humans" Marking the 28th anniversary of Palestinian Independence Day, the Israeli indie punk group MALOX this week released a stunning music video for their song "Gaza Trip" featuring a parkour troupe soaring through a still-ravaged Gaza, where for many young men the sport offers a rare sense of liberation. Arguing "it is part of our role as artists to talk about the Occupation," the band sought to "celebrate freedom of creation (and) movement" to help foster "a better human future." Read More... More Further Connect With Us About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Politics | Arts & Entertainment | Style & Design | Business & Technology | Search for: Submit Observer Politics National New York New Jersey International Editorials Arts & Entertainment Art Movies Music Performing Arts TV Style & Design Fashion Food & Drink Health & Wellness Home Design Real Estate Travel Business & Technology Deals Innovators Internet Culture Media Startups Subscribe to Newsletters The Rich List 2016 The Rich List: NYC’s Best-Paid Athletes, Musicians, Comics, Anchors and Media Honchos Jay Z, Rupert Murdoch, Rachel Maddow and Jerry Seinfeld are among those laughing all the way to the bank By Ben Widdicombe • 11/16/16 9:05am Clockwise from top left: Rupert Murdoch, Rachel Maddow, Jerry Seinfeld and Jay Z. Illustration by Paul Kisselev for Observer. Call it the bonfire of the certainties. America’s super rich, including many of the people on the Observer’s annual Rich List, spent the last year holding their breath, wealth management experts say, delaying major decisions until after the presidential election. But if they were expecting its result to bring any kind of certitude about the future, they were as wrong as most every political “expert” in the country. The shock that Donald J. Trump would be moving from Fifth Avenue to Pennsylvania Avenue briefly sent global markets into a loop. Dow futures on the morning the election results became clear immediately plunged 750 points, before the market recovered to end the day at a near-record high. The NYPD, meanwhile, installed a wall of sand-filled city dump trucks outside Trump Tower, the president-elect’s current redoubt, as a precaution against the several thousand angry protestors who converged around dusk. THE RICH LIST 2016 NEW YORK’S RICHEST ATHLETES NEW YORK’S RICHEST MUSICIANS NEW YORK’S RICHEST NEWS ANCHORS NEW YORK’S RICHEST MEDIA CEOs NEW YORK’S RICHEST COMEDIANS “It’s been a year of mayhem,” said Barry Ritholtz, chairman of Ritholtz Wealth Management. “The election really pushed everything else out of the way.” The election of America’s first billionaire president caps a remarkable year for so-called Ultra High Net Worth Individuals (UHNWIs), defined as those with at least $30 million in investable assets. Their global numbers grew by 5,200, or 3.1 percent, according to the most recent figures released by WealthInsight, an analytics firm. This was despite some institutions predicting another downturn in the near future: In July, UBS pegged the odds of a coming recession at 34 percent, up from 23 percent in 2015. JPMorgan Chase concurred, estimating the risk at 37 percent. “But this was a year that seemed to surprise people with its economic strength,” said Ritholtz. “The economy is resilient, and despite a pretty steady drumbeat of negativity, it keeps doing really well.” Ultra High Net Worth Individuals could reasonably look forward to “a Trump tax-cut windfall,” in both individual and corporate contributions—Barry Ritholtz, chairman of Ritholtz Wealth Management According to the most recent World Wealth Report, published in October by the consultancy, Capgemini, 2016 was also a good year for merely HNWIs—those with $1 million on hand to invest. “North America’s HNWI population grew by 2 percent to 4.8 million and their wealth by 2.3 percent to US$16.6 trillion,” its authors reported. The year was not without its headwinds, of course. Britain’s surprise vote in June to exit the European Union—or “Brexit”—briefly rattled financial markets, depressing the pound and sowing still-unclear long-term consequences. In New York City, one group complaining of a slowdown were Midtown ultra-luxury developers. Along the West 57th Street corridor known as “Billionaires’ Row,” the last four years had seen a building boom in residential towers, with many new apartments offered between $50 million and 100 million. But the combination of oversupply and a dwindling stream of foreign investors brought sales of such residences “to a complete halt,” the elite broker, Dolly Lenz, told The New York Times in July. A growth trend in UHNWI-spending this year has been the acquisition of “experiences,” in addition to the usual baubles from Cartier or Ferrari, said Doug Gollan, editor of DG Amazing Experiences, a weekly e-newsletter for private jet owners. Gollan cited ice-driving on frozen lakes in Finland, booking African safaris and even luxury private trains as popular travel experiences for the personal-jet–set. But another new trend is for UHNWIs to reserve an entire, smaller five-star resort, so they can vacation with their extended family in privacy. “Up to about 50 rooms, all the resorts offer buyouts,” he said. He added that the wife of one New York billionaire—an avid hunter, who was celebrating a landmark birthday—booked the entire cast of Duck Dynasty and redecorated their West Monroe, La., headquarters especially for a surprise party. (The birthday boy had thought his jet was on its way to New Orleans, until it was diverted for the reveal.) As for the year ahead, Ritholtz described Trump’s victory as “the proverbial good news and bad news.” “The bad news is we really have no idea what sort of policies a Trump Administration will enact,” he said. But on the plus side, UHNWIs could reasonably look forward to “a Trump tax-cut windfall,” in both individual and corporate contributions. Edward N. Wolff, a New York University economics professor who has studied wealth and its effects for decades, predicted: “Donald Trump is very likely to eliminate the estate tax—or the ‘death tax,’ as he likes to call it. This will be a huge boon to the very wealthy since today only the top 1 percent of wealth-holders pay any estate tax.” But the prospect of a policy prevented by split government won’t pay dividends, warned Wolff, only further aggravating “overall wealth inequality in this country and lower wealth mobility between generations.” Don’t empty the sand-filled dump trucks just yet. Up NextThe 2016 Powerlessness List in New Jersey Article continues below More from Politics The 2016 Powerlessness List in New Jersey Up NextThe 2016 Powerlessness List in New Jersey Observer About Newsletters Advertise Contact Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video U.S. Election Home» News» World U.S. POLITICS Who will Trump pick for his administration? A list of some likely contenders WIN McNAMEE/GETTY IMAGES Rachelle Younglai AND EVAN ANNETT The Globe and Mail Last updated: Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 11:55AM EST Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Shares Comment s Stay tuned here for the latest updates and background on the reported contenders for America’s top offices and the issues a Trump cabinet will face in office TABLE OF CONTENTS Advisers • Treasury • Commerce • State • CIA director • Trade • Homeland Security • Interior • Defence • Attorney-General • Energy • Environment Loyalty matters to president-elect Donald Trump and the 70-year old reality television star has chosen some of his staunchest supporters to serve in his administration. His first cabinet nominee is Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney-general. The Republican lawmaker is known for his hardline positions on immigration and was one of few senators to actively campaign on Mr. Trump’s behalf. Mr. Sessions will need to be confirmed by the Senate. Mr. Trump’s more controversial picks – retired general Michael Flynn as national security adviser and anti-establishment conservative Stephen Bannon as chief strategist – do not need Senate approval. Mr. Trump’s other supporters are also expected to land big positions in his administration, including former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. The real estate mogul’s eldest children and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, are part of the transition team. Mr. Kushner is reportedly trying to figure out how to circumvent federal anti-nepotism laws so that he can serve in his father-in-law’s administration. All cabinet nominations require Senate confirmation and Mr. Trump’s choices may not all win approval. Republicans only control the Senate by two votes and several opposed Mr. Trump during the campaign. Here’s a look at Mr. Trump’s appointees and who may fill the key positions in his White House. White House advisers ALEX WONG/GETTY IMAGES Stephen Bannon: The appointment of Mr. Bannon as Mr. Trump’s chief strategist sounded alarm bells across the political spectrum and among hate-watch groups. The head of the right-wing website Breitbart News has called it “the platform for the alt-right,” or the white nationalist, anti-Semitic movement that supports Mr. Trump. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors and exposes hate groups, said Mr. Bannon propelled Breitbart to become a white nationalist propaganda mill and called on the Trump team to rescind the hire. The choice of Mr. Bannon appeared to placate Mr. Trump’s anti establishment base. Mr. Bannon is known for ripping into mainstream Republicans such as House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell. Reince Priebus: The Republican National Committee chairman was one of Mr. Trump’s most devoted soldiers. Throughout the campaign, Mr. Priebus took heat from mainstream Republicans for defending Mr. Trump’s actions. Mr. Priebus threatened Republicans who did not fall in line with Mr. Trump and his loyalty earned him the position of chief of staff. Mr. Priebus has ties with long serving Republicans such as House Speaker Paul Ryan, which will help smooth relations between the White House and congressional Republicans. Corey Lewandowski: When Mr. Lewandowski was Mr. Trump’s campaign manager during the primaries, he believed it was best to “let Trump be Trump.” He was eventually fired amid assault allegations and concerns he could not run a national campaign. But Mr. Lewandowski was steadfastly loyal and continued to advise Mr. Trump while being paid by CNN to provide political commentary. Jared Kushner: Mr. Trump’s son-in-law was one of Mr. Trump’s prominent advisers during the campaign and is part of the transition team. He reportedly pushed his father-in-law to choose Mike Pence as his running mate. Mr. Kushner also helped mastermind the campaign’s decision to bring Bill Clinton’s sexual abuse accusers to the second debate, in an effort to shake Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Michael Flynn: The retired general will serve as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, a role he played on the campaign. Mr. Flynn was one of the only high-level defence officials to openly support Mr. Trump. He served as the Obama administration’s Defense Intelligence Agency director before being fired in 2014 for what he said was the “stand I took on radical Islamism.” Mr. Flynn’s anti-Muslim rhetoric is reflected in Mr. Trump’s call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Earlier this year, the retired general tweeted: “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.” His position does not need Senate approval. Trump’s transition team faces setbacks after departure of Mike Rogers President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team suffered its second upheaval in less than a week amid a power struggle to influence the shape of the incoming administration. (Return to table of contents) Treasury Has someone been picked yet? No BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP/GETTY IMAGES Mr. Trump rode to victory on a wave of populism but is considering Wall Street types and a long serving Republican lawmaker for the country’s top economic job. Whoever is picked will help implement tax cuts and fulfill Trump’s campaign promises to create 25-million jobs and save factory jobs that have been lost to globalization. Steven Mnuchin: The hedge fund manager and former Goldman Sachs banker was Mr. Trump’s campaign finance manager, an economic adviser to Mr. Trump, and part of the president-elect’s transition team. Wilbur Ross: The billionaire investor is chairman of Invesco Ltd. subsidiary WL Ross & Co. He and Mr. Ross might also be in the running for the commerce secretary job (see below). Jamie Dimon: The CEO of JPMorgan Chase was one of the few bank heads who emerged from the 2007-09 financial crisis with his reputation relatively intact. His record has since taken a hit amid the bank’s multi-billion-dollar trading loss. Jeb Hensarling: As chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, the Republican lawmaker has repeatedly tried to repeal the massive Dodd-Frank financial regulation law. Mr. Trump’s views on regulation are aligned with the Republican Party, but recently there has been speculation that Mr. Trump only wants to overturn parts of the law. Fed chair’s job complicated by Trump’s victory Economic policies of the president-elect are best described as ‘inflationary,’ making an interest rate increase a near certainty, David Parkinson explains. (for subscribers) (Return to table of contents) Commerce secretary Has someone been picked yet? No ZORAN IVANOVICH/iSTOCKPHOTO The commerce department describes the secretary’s mission as being “the voice of U.S. business within the president’s cabinet,” focusing on job creation and domestic business. Wilbur Ross: The billionaire investor was reported to be in the running in a tweet by billionaire Carl Icahn, who claimed to have just spoken with Mr. Trump. Steven Mnuchin: Mr. Icahn also named Mr. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s campaign finance manager and economic adviser, as a possible commerce secretary candidate. (Return to table of contents) Secretary of State Has someone been picked yet? No BRENNAN LINSLEY/ASSOCIATED PRESS The country’s top diplomat will have the tricky job of forging new relations with America’s allies after Mr. Trump questioned whether the U.S. should honour its commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and praised dictators such as North Korea’s Kim Jong-un and Russia’s Vladimir Putin. The state department also has oversight over the Keystone XL pipeline, which the Obama administration rejected. Mr. Trump and Republicans agree the pipeline, which would run from Alberta to Texas once fully completed, should be built. Rudy Giuliani: A former New York mayor and associate attorney-general in Ronald Reagan’s administration, Mr. Giuliani was one of Mr. Trump’s most vocal supporters. But consulting work for foreign governments by his firm, Giuliani Partners, has put him under added scrutiny for the State Department job. The firm helped businesses on behalf of states including Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela, and Mr. Giuliani also advised TransCanada, which sought to build the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. Newt Gingrich: The former House speaker spent two decades as a lawmaker. After he was forced to resign as speaker in 1998, he dabbled in lobbying, ran a consulting firm and unsuccessfully ran for president. He attached himself to the Trump campaign early on, providing advice and defending the real estate mogul’s actions. John Bolton: A former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Mr. Bolton has years of foreign policy experience, but he has raised eyebrows with some of his hawkish positions, including a 2015 New York Times op-ed in which he advocated bombing Iran to halt the country’s nuclear program. Bob Corker: Republican senator from Tennessee and chairman of the upper chamber’s foreign relations committee. The countries that will gain and lose from Trump's presidency Following a U.S. presidential election that has affected more than just the United States – in both negative and positive ways – some world leaders are scrambling to figure out, what now? Mark MacKinnon explains. (Return to table of contents) CIA director Has someone been picked yet? Yes JASON REED/REUTERS Espionage and cybersecurity played an outsized role in the 2016 election, with Washington blaming Russian hackers for an attack on Democratic National Committee servers and Donald Trump inviting Moscow, apparently in jest, to do more hacking to uncover Hillary Clinton’s e-mails. Mr. Trump faced criticism from former national-security officials during the campaign, and in choosing who to lead America’s intelligence agencies, Mr. Trump faces an uphill battle in winning the security establishment’s trust. Mike Pompeo: On Nov. 18, the Trump transition team announced Mr. Pompeo, a GOP congressman from Kansas, had been offered and accepted the nomination for the CIA directorship. Mr. Pompeo originally backed Marco Rubio for the Republican nomination, but is reportedly close with vice-president-elect Mike Pence. (Return to table of contents) Trade Has someone been picked yet? No DARRYL DYCK/THE CANADIAN PRESS Mr. Trump has blamed the North American free-trade agreement and U.S.-Chinese trade policies for eliminating high paying jobs in the United States. He has vowed to rip up NAFTA and label China a currency manipulator. The president-elect’s position on trade won him the support from working class voters, which in turn helped flip Democratic-leaning states Republican. So far, Canada’s ambassador to the United States has said Canada is open to renegotiating NAFTA. Dan DiMicco: The former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp. has been talked about as a possible trade representative in the Trump administration. TPP seen as doomed after Trump victory Washington’s apparent intent to scrap pact leaves Canada scrambling for options. Observers suggest looking to Asia for deals, Steven Chase explains. (Return to table of contents) Homeland Security Has someone been picked yet? No CHUCK BURTON/ASSOCIATED PRESS This is expected to be one of the key portfolios in the Trump administration. Mr. Trump kicked off his campaign promising to get Mexico to pay for a wall between their two countries. He said he would deport the 11-million undocumented immigrants living in the United States and has said he would ban Muslims from entering the country. However, his position has wavered throughout the campaign. His latest comments called for the deportation or jailing of what he called three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records. Mr. Trump’s supporters have cited illegal immigration as their top issue and they will be watching his administration carefully to ensure he follows through on his promises. David Clarke: The African-American law enforcement veteran made a name for himself by criticizing the Black Lives Matter movement, calling it “Black Lies Matter” and saying the activists would join forces with the Islamic State. During the campaign, the Milwaukee County Sheriff told supporters in a tweet that it was “pitchforks and torches” time. (Return to table of contents) Interior Has someone been picked yet? No KAREN BLEIER/AFP/GETTY IMAGES This department is in charge of the country’s natural resources. Sarah Palin: Resource development and exploration has a friend in Ms. Palin. The former Republican vice-presidential nominee and former Alaskan governor became known for her “drill, baby, drill” motto. Other reported possibilities: Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor; Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil; Harold Hamm, CEO of Continental Resources Inc.; Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors. Campbell Clark: Thanks to Trump, Trudeau’s calculus on climate no longer adds up For all the questions about what Mr. Trump will do as president, one thing is pretty clear: He won’t advance climate change policies. (Return to table of contents) Secretary of defence Has someone been picked yet? No ASSOCIATED PRESS The Trump administration will have to deal with the rise in terrorism at home and abroad. Mr. Trump’s policies to fight terrorism and defeat Islamic State are vague. Initially, Mr. Trump said he knew more about IS than the generals and then said his plan would entail asking the military to devise a plan within 30 days to destroy Islamic State. Part of his plan is to temporarily ban immigration from certain regions that have a “history of exporting terrorism,” though he has not identified the regions. Some reported possibilities: Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush; Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona; Duncan Hunter, representative from California and member of the House Armed Services Committee; Jim Talent, former Missouri senator who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee; Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Trump win puts pressure on Ottawa to boost military spending U.S. leaders have tried to nudge Canada to do more in NATO for decades, but the Trump administration may escalate that, Steven Chase explains. (Return to table of contents) Attorney-general Has someone been picked yet? Yes BLUESTOCKING/iSTOCKPHOTO The country’s top lawyer and chief law enforcer will be instrumental in carrying out Mr. Trump’s promises to bring back “law and order” to the country. Mr. Trump also vowed to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Ms. Clinton’s use of a private e-mail server when she served as secretary of state. This raised concerns that Mr. Trump would use the powers of his office to go after his rivals. However, Mr. Trump appears to have softened his position, saying that the Clintons were good people and that he did not want to hurt them. Jeff Sessions: A Trump transition-team official said on Nov. 18 that U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions has accepted Trump’s offer to serve as attorney-general, Reuters reported. The Alabama lawmaker is a member of the judiciary committee and is known for his hardline positions on immigration. Mr. Sessions was one of the few Republican senators to actively campaign on Mr. Trump’s behalf. 'It will be devastating': Women’s rights at risk under Trump presidency Though he has voiced a pro-choice position in the past, his campaign – and the men surrounding him now – has women worrying about the president-elect, Erin Anderssen explains. (Return to table of contents) Energy Has someone been picked yet? No NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION This department is responsible for ensuring the safety of the country’s nuclear weapons. Under previous administrations, the department was also responsible for stopping the spread of nuclear weapons. But Mr. Trump has suggested that the U.S. would benefit if other countries like Japan and South Korea had their own nuclear weapons. Reported possibilities: Harold Hamm, CEO of Continental Resources Inc.; Kevin Cramer, North Dakota congressman; Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors; Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp.; James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to president George W. Bush. (Return to table of contents) Environment NASA Mr. Trump has said he would get rid of the country’s Environmental Protection Agency and has called environmental protection a waste of money. (Return to table of contents) With reports from Reuters and Associated Press Photos: Associated Press, AFP/Getty Images, Reuters, Twitter Follow Rachelle Younglai on Twitter: @rachyounglai MORE FROM THE GLOBE AND MAIL What does the Trump era mean for you? A Canadian survival guide Our primer of the latest news, analysis and opinion on what his presidency could mean for Canada, from protectionism and the economy to pluralism and immigration. Obama on Trump: ‘Reality has a way of asserting itself’ 1:33 David Shribman: The first 100 days, Trump-style Donald Trump has made it clear that he’s determined to be remembered for more than being a businessman-bull in the china shop of the United States capital. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.

24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Trivago Files for IPO By Chris Lange November 15, 2016 10:25 am EST Print Email Tweet Travel B.V., also known as Trivago, has filed an F-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were given in the filing, other than the offering is valued up to $400 million. The company intends to list its American depositary shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol TRVG. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Allen, Merrill Lynch, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, Cowen and Guggenheim. Trivago is a global hotel search platform. The company describes its mission as to “be the traveler’s first and independent source of information for finding the ideal hotel at the lowest rate.” The company is focused on reshaping the way travelers search for and compare hotels, while enabling hotel advertisers to grow their businesses by providing access to a broad audience of travelers via its websites and apps. Its platform allows travelers to make informed decisions by personalizing their hotel search and providing access to a deep supply of hotel information and prices. In the 12 months ended September 30, 2016, Trivago tracked roughly 1.4 billion visits to its websites and apps, resulting in 487 million qualified referrals, and offered access to approximately 1.3 million hotels in over 190 countries. This brand positions Trivago as a key starting point for travelers searching for their ideal hotel. Its fast and intuitive hotel search platform enables travelers to find their ideal hotel by matching individual traveler preferences with detailed hotel characteristics such as price, location, availability, amenities and ratings, across a vast supply of global hotels. In the 12 months ended September 30, 2016, comparing across all of its localized websites and apps, Trivago provided a range of prices per hotel with the cheapest advertiser offering a price on average 19% lower than the most expensive advertiser. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   Keep in mind that Trivago is currently a subsidiary of Expedia Inc. (NASDAQ: EXPE). This filing more or less says that Expedia is looking to simplify its corporate structure by spinning off Trivago while still holding a sizable ownership stake. Shares of Expedia were trading up 2.6% at 122.00 on Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $141.42 and a 52-week trading range of $88.40 to $133.55. By Chris Lange « October Retail Sales Strengthen for Nearly All Businesses 48 Million Americans Will Travel This Thanksgiving, Las Vegas Is Top Destination » Read more: Services, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The 10 States With the Worst Gun Violence The Drunkest City in Each State America's 25 Murder Capitals NASCAR Star Mark Martin Lists House for $2.55 Million The Richest Countries in the World Recent Top 8 Earnings in the Week Ahead Massive Energy and Health Care Trades Highlight Insider Buying: Abbott Labs, Baker Hughes, Datawatch, Impac Mortgage and More Marijuana REIT to Test IPO Market This Week Lowe’s Black Friday Deals Revealed Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Toyota Has High Expectations for the All-New 2018 C-HR SUV NVIDIA Corporation's Biggest Business Surged 63% Last Quarter Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Facebook shares up more than 1% on buyback news Facebook to buy back up to $6 bln in Class A shares Russell 2000's 11-day win streak is longest since 12-session stretch ending June 5, 2003 American Airlines (AAL) Has Been Soaring Since Earnings, Can It Continue? What's Next for Microsoft (MSFT) Stock? On the Verge of 2200 A $1 million bet: Anatomy of a high-end house flip Dow breaks below 18K, as China, Fed fears weigh Billionaires had a rough year in 2015 - relatively What Happens to Utility Stocks in a Trump Administration? Q&A: Target's chief merchandising officer Mark Tritton 7 Facts About Medicare Advantage You Didn't Know Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Finally Details Fake News Countermeasures Donald Trump Says Settling Fraud Case Is Only Bad Part Of Winning The Presidency Watch How Excited Shep Smith Gets About ChapStick Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2016 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:30 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More Merkel confirms she is ready to run for 4th term as chancellor in 2017 HomeBusiness Public offering to value Snapchat at $25bn Published time: 16 Nov, 2016 10:45Edited time: 16 Nov, 2016 10:48 Get short URL © Lionel Bonaventure / AFP Snapchat’s parent company, Snap Inc., has reportedly filed confidential paperwork to launch an initial public offering, in which the popular messaging app is valued at $25 billion or more, making it one of the biggest global stocks debuts in recent years. The company, which runs the application allowing users to send “snaps” – video and photo messages that vanish within seconds – could go public as early as March, according to the Wall Street Journal. Read more Alibaba sets IPO record at $168 billion The deal will reportedly be led by Morgan Stanley and Goldman Sachs, with JPMorgan, Deutsche Bank, Allen, Barclays, and Credit Suisse to be joint book-runners. Snap confidentially made the filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission in recent weeks, according to unnamed sources familiar with the issue. Firms with revenues of less than $1 billion can secretly file for the procedure, as it helps them test investor appetite while keeping their financials confidential. Going public would make Snap the highest-profile tech offering since China’s e-trade giant Alibaba went public with a valuation of nearly $170 billion two years ago. Launched in 2012 as a free mobile app, Snapchat has over 100 million active users, mainly aged 13 to 24, which makes the service attractive for advertisers. Snapchat expects to take in up to $350 million in advertising revenue this year, according to the company. Some experts predict that the messenger will raise that to about $1 billion in revenues in 2017, which would add to the company valuation when it goes public. However, some investors are worried that advertising sales are the company’s only sizeable income source. Earlier this month, Snapchat debuted its $130 video-camera sunglasses, which are equipped with a camera that links wirelessly to a smartphone to take and send photos and videos. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. LATEST VIDEOS More Videos: Rates from Bankrate.com Mortgage Credit Cards Auto US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health 11/16/2016 - 2:00 AM EST WASHINGTON >> American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial holiday shopping season. Retail sales rose 0.8 percent in October, after an upwardly-revised 1 percent gain in September, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. The two-month increase was the largest since the spring of 2014. The numbers suggest that the economy may grow more quickly in the final three months of the year than many economists had expected. Retail sales are closely watched as a sign of consumer health. Consumer spending makes up about 70 percent of the economy. More Headlines Pottstown's Kiss Cycles closing after 103 years Legoland attraction to debut in spring at Plymouth Meeting Mall Ho, ho, hold up before you spend this season Region's businesses urged to fight data breaches Starbucks turns to customers for annual holiday cup designs Steady hiring and emerging signs of solid pay increases have made Americans more confident and willing to spend. The unemployment rate fell last month to a low 4.9 percent and in October, workers saw the biggest annual pay gain since the end of the recession. And while many companies, such as Dunkin Donuts, blamed their own weak sales figures in the late summer and fall on consumer concerns surrounding the election, Tuesday's figures show that the presidential campaign had little impact overall. "If electoral uncertainty were restraining activity prior to last Tuesday, it is nowhere apparent in the consumer spending data," JPMorgan Chase economist Michael Feroli said. Revisions to September and August data indicate that consumers spent more than previously estimated in the July-September quarter, Feroli said. That means growth in the third quarter may have been as high as 3.2 percent, he estimated, above the 2.9 percent figure reported last month. Some of the biggest sales increases were in autos and gas, with higher prices boosting gas station sales. Even excluding those categories, however, sales rose 0.6 percent in October and 0.5 percent the previous month. Auto sales rose a healthy 1.1 percent, though many dealers relied on steep discounts. Sales of home and garden supplies also rose 1.1 percent in October, a positive sign that more Americans are remodeling and expanding their homes. Home Depot, the nation's biggest home improvement chain, upped its outlook for the year Tuesday after beating Wall Street expectations handily. Customer transactions jumped, as did the amount they spent on each visit, the company said. Most other retailers also saw healthy increases: Grocery stores, health and personal care outlets, sporting goods retailers, clothing stores, and online and catalog retailers all reported strong sales. Online and catalog retailers are continuing to seize market share from older-line outlets such as department stores. Online and catalog sales have increased 12.9 percent in the past year, much faster than the 4.3 percent gain for all retailers. Department stores, meanwhile, have seen their sales plunge 7.3 percent in the past 12 months. Furniture stores were one of the few to report a drop in October, with sales falling 0.9 percent. 1 2 next  last »
Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Bipin Dani Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg Khalid Saleem Kuldip Nayar M D Nalapat M Ziauddin Masood Khan Robert Clements Salahuddin Haider Sultan M Hali The Spirit Of Islam Zahid Malik Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Search Home Contact Us LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password Pakistan Observer Top News National City Islamabad Karachi Lahore Muzaffarabad Opinion Editorial Articles Voice of People Contributors Zahid Malik M Ziauddin Masood Khan Gen (R) Mirza Aslam Beg AllBipin DaniGen (R) Mirza Aslam BegKhalid SaleemKuldip NayarM D NalapatM ZiauddinMasood KhanRobert ClementsSalahuddin HaiderSultan M HaliThe Spirit Of IslamZahid Malik Articles No passion, no victory..! Articles Empowering youth Articles The second 9/11 Articles Kashmir, the UN and the LoC Sultan M Hali Khalid Saleem M D Nalapat Kuldip Nayar Bipin Dani Salahuddin Haider Robert Clements Business Economy Watch Islamic Banking & Finance Sports World Health e-paper Social Diary Home Top News US jobless claims rise, but labour market firming Top News US jobless claims rise, but labour market firming By Webmaster - March 4, 2016 0 176 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Washington—The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week, but the underlying trend continued to point to a strengthening labor market. The labour market’s resilience was reinforced by another report on Thursday showing announced layoffs by U.S. companies tumbled 18 percent in February. The signs of sustained labour market strength were the latest indication the economy is regaining momentum after slowing in the fourth quarter. “Through some of the ups and downs in the weekly series, it looks like the trend in initial claims has improved over the past month, signaling that the labour market continues to improve despite weakness in several other recent economic reports,” said Daniel Silver, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 6,000 to a seasonally adjusted 278,000 for the week ended Feb.27, the Labour Department said. Economists had forecast claims slipping to 271,000 in the latest week. Claims have now been below the 300,000 threshold, which is associated with healthy labor market conditions, for a year. That is the longest period since the early 1970s. The four-week moving average of claims, considered a better measure of labor market trends as it irons out week-to-week volatility, fell 1,750 to 270,250 last week, the lowest level since late November. In a separate report, global outplacement consultancy Challenger, Gray & Christmas Inc said U.S.-based companies announced 61,599 job cuts last month, down from 75,114 in January. It said layoffs remained concentrated in the troubled energy sector, which has been hit by a slump in crude oil prices, where employers announced 25,051 job cuts in February. But the firmer labor market picture was dimmed by a third report showing employment in the vast services sector contracting in February for the first time in two years. The Institute for Supply Management said its index of services industries employment fell 2.4 percentage points to a reading of 49.7 percent. That contributed to the ISM’s non manufacturing index dipping 0.1 percentage point to a reading of 53.4 last month. The dollar was trading lower against a basket of currencies and U.S. stocks fell, also reflecting weaker oil prices. Prices for U.S. government debt fell marginally. While the claims data has no bearing on Friday’s employment report for February as it falls outside the survey period, it was the latest indication that the labour market remains on solid footing despite a recent tightening in financial market conditions sparked by worries of a recession. A report on Wednesday showed strong private sector hiring last month, suggesting a pick-up in overall job growth. According to a Reuters survey of economists, nonfarm payrolls likely increased by 190,000 jobs last month after rising 151,000 in January. The unemployment rate is seen steady at an eight-year low of 4.9 percent. The encouraging labor market data joins reports on manufacturing and consumer spending in suggesting economic growth picked up at the start of the year after slowing to an annual rate of 1.0 percent in the fourth quarter. In a fourth report, the Commerce Department said new orders for manufactured goods rebounded 1.6 percent after dropping 2.9 percent in December. That was the largest increase since June and followed two straight months of declines. The increase in factory orders was the latest suggestion that the worst of the factory slump was likely over. Factory activity, which accounts for about 12 percent of the economy, has been slammed by a strong dollar and weak global demand, which have undercut exports. Spending cuts by energy firms in the wake of a plunge in oil prices are also a drag, as are efforts by businesses to reduce an inventory glut. The signs of a pick-up in economic growth, together with steadily rising inflation and improving financial market conditions could keep interest rate increases from the Federal Reserve this year on the table. The U.S. central bank is not expected to raise its overnight benchmark interest rate at the March 15-16 meeting. The Fed hiked rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade. In another report, the Labor Department said nonfarm productivity fell at a 2.2 percent rate in the fourth quarter and not the 3.0 percent pace it reported last month. Still, labour-related costs increased solidly as companies employed more workers to raise output. While weak productivity has boosted employment growth as companies hire more workers to increase output, sustained weakness could undermine Americans’ living standards.—Reuters Share this: Print Email Tweet Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSyria truce offers glimpses of normality Next articlePakistan would never rollback N-programme Webmaster RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Top News Pak shoots down Indian Quadcopter Top News Pakistan ready to assist in reviving stalled dialogue Top News Masood to highlight Indian brutalities Digital Newspaper Social Diary 46th National Day of Sultanate of Oman Management Founder: Zahid Malik Editor: Faisal Zahid Malik Executive Editor: Gauhar Zahid Malik Editor Social Diary: Sadia Zahid Malik E-Mail : socialdiarymag@gmail.com magazinesocialdiary@hotmail.com Resident Editor Lahore: ..... E-Mail: obslhr@pakobserver.net Resident Editor Peshawar: Tariq Saeed E-Mail: obspwr@pakobserver.net Group Director Marketing: Khurram Jaffrani E-Mail: khurram_jaffrani@hotmail.com Online Edition : Q Malik / Ch Imran Zafar E-Mail: webmaster@pakobserver.net Contact Us Islamabad: 051-2852027, 051-2852028 E-Mail : observer@pakobserver.net Karachi: 021-35308446-49 E-Mail : obskhi@pakobserver.net Lahore: 042-36306666, 36303333 E-Mail : obslhr@pakobserver.net ABOUT USHead Office Address: Daily Pakistan Observer, Ali AKbar House , Markez G-8, Islamabad Contact us: observer@pakobserver.net FOLLOW US Home Health Voice of People © Copy Rights Reserved . Daily Pakistan Observer MORE STORIES PML-N strategy to tame Panama monster not good enough for its... May 15, 2016 Iran denies Taliban chief entered Pak from Iran May 24, 2016 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos Dollar hits 14-year high; oil dips in choppy trade By Rodrigo Campos16 November 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S. November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar index dipped after hitting a near 14-year high on Wednesday while oil prices swung in a volatile session as traders were caught between a build in U.S. stockpiles and the chance of an output cut. Declines in bank stocks more than offset gains in the technology sector on Wall Street. The S&P 500 had ended on Tuesday at a 10-week high while the Dow industrials set a record close, fuelled by a post-U.S. election rally. "We had a pretty sharp rally off the election and it was pretty impressive, but it seems pretty clear to me that sort of emotional reaction, if you will, is now long off," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. The dollar has surged in the past week, tracking Treasury yields higher on the expectation increased U.S government spending could trigger higher inflation. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 72.62 points, or 0.38 percent, to 18,850.44, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 5.42 points, or 0.25 percent, to 2,174.97 while the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 19.73 points, or 0.37 percent, to 5,295.35. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index <.FTEU3> fell 0.21 percent, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> edged down 0.1 percent. VOLATILE OIL, STRONG GREENBACK Oil prices dipped in choppy trading as the market weighed Russia's comments about a possible meeting with Saudi Arabia about output cuts against a bigger-than-expected U.S. crude storage build. U.S. crude was last nearly flat at $45.84 a barrel and Brent traded at $46.90, down 0.1 percent on the day. Crude had risen more than 1 percent after a statement from the Russian energy minister. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's plans to cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending could boost economic activity while adding to the deficit, and his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports are seen driving inflation higher. That prospect triggered a selloff in U.S. bonds that lifted yields across the board, and raised expectations that U.S. interest rates will rise faster than previously anticipated, giving support to the dollar. U.S. interest rate futures are pricing in an 81 percent chance of a rate hike at the next Fed meeting, scheduled for December. The dollar index, a measure of the greenback's value against a basket of currencies, hit 100.57<.DXY>, its highest since April 2003. It was last little changed on the day. The euro fell 0.2 percent to $1.0702, while the yen was little changed at 109.12 per dollar, having earlier fallen to 109.75. The greenback rose to an eight-year high against the Chinese yuan of 6.8798 yuan . "The market has gone a bit too far ahead of itself. It looks vulnerable for a short-term pullback," said Mazen Issa, senior currency strategist at TD Securities in New York, referring to the dollar rally. Weaker-than-forecast U.S. producer prices and industrial production data on Wednesday supported Treasury prices and capped dollar gains. Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 4/32 in price to yield 2.2243 percent, down from 2.238 percent on Tuesday. Spot gold was little changed at $1,227.00 an ounce. U.S. gold futures rose 0.20 percent to $1,226.90 an ounce. Copper fell 1.3 percent to $5,456.00 a tonne. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Scott DiSavino, Richard Leong and Dion Rabouin; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next Varun Dhawan And His Alleged Girlfriend Natasha Dalal Look Super-Cute In This Wedding Picture Bollywoodshaadis.com Telangana CM calls on Power Minister Piyush Goel Ani Salman Khan & Family To Celebrate Helen's Birthday In A 5-Star Spotboye YMS Mobitech announces partnership with Xiaomi India for offline accessories Deccan Chronicle Pakistan apprehends 43 Indian fishermen Ani Friday Flashback: "Wouldn't marry Anil Kapoor, he is hypersensitive": Madhuri's 1989 Interview is entertaining! PinkVilla.com AFFAIR OUT IN THE OPEN: Farhan Akhtar Mingles With Shraddha Kapoor And Her Family Spotboye Finally, Malaika Arora And Arbaaz Khan File For Divorce Spotboye Storyboard in conversation with OMDs Mainardo De Nardis Moneycontrol Latest News Railways Minister visits accident site, says high-level panel begins probe Ani I Never Questioned My Father Kishore Kumar About His 4 Marriages: Amit Kumar Spotboye Coldplay just performed Channa Mereya & Vande Mataram at GCI and it will leave you spellbound! PinkVilla.com Roshni Chopra's Little Sister Deeya Had A Blast At Her Bachelorette With Her Girlfriends Bollywoodshaadis.com A Unique Experiment in Telengana Is Allowing People to Purchase Veggies Using Aadhaar Cards The Better India Indore-Patna express derail rescue operation has almost concluded: Indian Railways PRO Ani Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 20/11/2016 23:16:10 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   world-news Last update 11:15 | 16/11/2016    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now A pause in both the sell-off in global bonds and sharp rise in the dollar following Donald Trump's election victory, together with Wall Street's record high overnight helped Asian shares steady on Wednesday from a four-month low struck a day earlier. An employee of a foreign exchange trading company is reflected in a monitor displaying the Japanese yen's exchange rate against the U.S. dollar in Tokyo, Japan, November 9, 2016.  President-elect Trump's plans to cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending would boost demand while his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports, if implemented, are seen likely to drive inflation higher. That prospect has given rise to expectations that U.S. interest rates will rise faster than earlier anticipated, making the dollar stronger, but investors are still trying to assess what opportunities a Trump presidency will bring. "The markets are having a bit of a pause at the moment. But people still want to do more of this trade," said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. "If you look at the U.S. markets, investors are looking at coming infrastructure spending and so on and they are rotating to stocks from bonds." MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.6 percent on Wednesday, bouncing back from a four-month low touched earlier this week. The dollar's strength has fanned fears investors could shift funds to the United States from emerging markets. Emerging market stocks managed to rise 0.3 percent on Tuesday after having fallen 7 percent over the previous four sessions. Japan's Nikkei rose 1.1 percent to nine-month high on Wednesday, thanks to the dollar's retreat from a 5 1/2-month high against the yen. The dollar was trading at 109.03 yen in late morning trade in Asia, having slipped slightly off high of 109.34 yen struck on Tuesday. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 percent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 percent. Since Trump's unexpected victory last week, U.S. shares have rallied while U.S. bond prices tumbled, pushing up their yields sharply. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries slipped to 2.207 percent from Monday's 11-month high of 2.302 percent, although that is sharply above its levels around 1.86 percent before the election. U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in October, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. U.S. interest rate futures are pricing in an 85 percent chance of a rate hike, compared to 75 percent before the election. The two-year U.S. notes yield fell to 0.989 percent on Wednesday, having hit a 10-month high of 1.029 percent on Tuesday. Nikko SMBC Securities estimates U.S. two-year notes are currently pricing in five Fed rate hikes in the next two years, said senior strategist Makoto Noji. "If we base our assumption on (Fed Chair Janet) Yellen's gradualist approach, which can be roughly translated as two rate hikes per year, we could say that the market has already priced in tightening they could reasonably imagine at this point," Noji said. "But of course if Trump's policies stoke inflation that cannot be contained by two rate hikes per year, the U.S. bond market could see big moves again," he added. Sharp gains in U.S. bond yields have drawn investors to the dollar, and its index against a basket of six major currencies hit its highest level in almost a year on Tuesday. It slipped slightly in Asia on Wednesday to 99.982, but was still just 0.5 percent away from reaching its highest level in more than 13-1/2 years. The euro traded at $1.0724, just above Monday's $1.0709, its lowest level in almost a year. The Chinese yuan also weakened to 6.8703 to the yuan, its weakest level since December 2008. Gold traded at $1,232.3 per ounce, not far from a 5 1/2-month low of $1,211.8 seen on Monday. In contrast, oil prices hovered near their highest levels in about two weeks after having jumped nearly 6 percent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output when they meet later this month. U.S. crude futures stood at $45.67 per barrel, after having risen to $46.09 late on Tuesday, their highest since Nov 2. Source: Reuters Asia shares, Donald Trump's election victory, illegal immigrants, global bonds   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Son-in-law Kushner poised to wield clout in Trump presidency Aerosmith to say 'Aero-Vederci' with 2017 European tour U.S. internet firms ask Trump to support encryption, ease regulations Exclusive: Audit of U.S. stress test ready, may aid Dodd Frank overhaul fight New Zealand evacuates quake-hit town, fears of Wellington building collapse Aftershocks rattle New Zealand after powerful quake kills two New bird flu outbreaks reported in Germany and Switzerland Dollar climbs along with U.S. yields but Asia shares divided EU braces for 'more businesslike' ties with Trump's America Despite progress, measles kills 400 children a day: WHO     Top Stories Multi-billion dollar affairs shake up aviation industry Russian cars enter Vietnam, slow sales predicted Heavy flooding in HCM City blamed on poor planning, design Measuring TV ratings – the duel between TNS Media and MIC Collections by young designers at Vietnam Spring-Summer Fashion Week 2017 The most beautiful Dong Son bronze drum Beautiful Vietnam through Rehahn’s lens Quang Ba night flower market Vietnamese fans to see Modern Talking in November Real estate investors pour money into Da Nang City Latest News Thien Son - Suoi Nga: Paradise on earth BUSINESS IN BRIEF 20/11 Government approves 7.3% minimum wage increase Riverbank erosion threatens lives in central region High school grads shun university, choose vocational jobs as demand rises Vietnam wins world junior taekwondo gold medal Japan-Vietnam festival opens in Ho Chi Minh City Futsal team to compete in Chinese friendlies Foreign capital in agriculture: Low rate, small scale Over $300 million to develop seaport complex in Quang Ninh     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
null
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) Dow 30 18,867.93 -35.89 (-0.19%) Dollar hits 14-year high; oil dips in choppy trade By Rodrigo Campos ReutersNovember 16, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S. November 16, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermidMore By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar index dipped after hitting a near 14-year high on Wednesday while oil prices swung in a volatile session as traders were caught between a build in U.S. stockpiles and the chance of an output cut. Declines in bank stocks more than offset gains in the technology sector on Wall Street. The S&P 500 had ended on Tuesday at a 10-week high while the Dow industrials set a record close, fuelled by a post-U.S. election rally. "We had a pretty sharp rally off the election and it was pretty impressive, but it seems pretty clear to me that sort of emotional reaction, if you will, is now long off," said Randy Frederick, vice president of trading and derivatives for Charles Schwab in Austin, Texas. The dollar has surged in the past week, tracking Treasury yields higher on the expectation increased U.S government spending could trigger higher inflation. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 72.62 points, or 0.38 percent, to 18,850.44, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 5.42 points, or 0.25 percent, to 2,174.97 while the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 19.73 points, or 0.37 percent, to 5,295.35. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index <.FTEU3> fell 0.21 percent, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> edged down 0.1 percent. VOLATILE OIL, STRONG GREENBACK Oil prices dipped in choppy trading as the market weighed Russia's comments about a possible meeting with Saudi Arabia about output cuts against a bigger-than-expected U.S. crude storage build. U.S. crude was last nearly flat at $45.84 a barrel and Brent traded at $46.90, down 0.1 percent on the day. Crude had risen more than 1 percent after a statement from the Russian energy minister. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's plans to cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending could boost economic activity while adding to the deficit, and his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports are seen driving inflation higher. That prospect triggered a selloff in U.S. bonds that lifted yields across the board, and raised expectations that U.S. interest rates will rise faster than previously anticipated, giving support to the dollar. U.S. interest rate futures are pricing in an 81 percent chance of a rate hike at the next Fed meeting, scheduled for December. The dollar index, a measure of the greenback's value against a basket of currencies, hit 100.57<.DXY>, its highest since April 2003. It was last little changed on the day. The euro fell 0.2 percent to $1.0702, while the yen was little changed at 109.12 per dollar, having earlier fallen to 109.75. The greenback rose to an eight-year high against the Chinese yuan of 6.8798 yuan . "The market has gone a bit too far ahead of itself. It looks vulnerable for a short-term pullback," said Mazen Issa, senior currency strategist at TD Securities in New York, referring to the dollar rally. Weaker-than-forecast U.S. producer prices and industrial production data on Wednesday supported Treasury prices and capped dollar gains. Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 4/32 in price to yield 2.2243 percent, down from 2.238 percent on Tuesday. Spot gold was little changed at $1,227.00 an ounce. U.S. gold futures rose 0.20 percent to $1,226.90 an ounce. Copper fell 1.3 percent to $5,456.00 a tonne. (Reporting by Rodrigo Campos, additional reporting by Scott DiSavino, Richard Leong and Dion Rabouin; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Dollar index posts biggest two-week gain in 20 months Reuters Dollar strongest in 13 years; bond yields rise Reuters This will be the slowest day of the holiday shopping season Yahoo Finance The numbers look great — as they always do before a crash Yahoo Finance The bullish earnings story underlying the stock market may be a big lie Yahoo Finance Jim Cramer Is Right About Bank of America -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The Week Ahead: A Few Side Dishes of Earnings and Data Morningstar From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance How Much Will I Get From Social Security If I Make $50,000? Motley Fool Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Motley Fool Five ways Indians are dodging 'black money' crackdown AFP Why Australian Techies Are Moving to the U.S. Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance The Payoff: 5 things to know before buying a car Yahoo Finance Suddenly, Trump Has Three Middle East Crises on His Hands The Fiscal Times Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames PoBoy: Welcome to the presidency as reality show. Don't blame me, I voted for Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 26 This Map Shows Where Marijuana Is Legal Motley Fool U.S. weather satellite's launch promises 'quantum leap' in forecasts Reuters Houzz CEO: Why We're Expanding Into India Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance Chipotle slapped with lawsuit following calorie miscount: Report CNBC Facebook's fake news problem in one chart Business Insider Social Security Pay Schedule for 2017 Motley Fool 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Facebook and Twitter Scrutinized After Election Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Fed's Kashkari: There's a 67% chance we'll have another financial crisis Yahoo Finance Elon Musk says Trump presidency won't hurt Tesla — here's why Business Insider 6 stores with the best Black Friday deals Yahoo Finance Is Valeant Pharmaceuticals the Turnaround Opportunity of a Lifetime? -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool How Indiegogo Is Opening the Door to Small Investors Bloomberg Video Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Incoming Nasdaq CEO says Trump policies may benefit Wall Street Reuters Nov. 15, 2016, 2:22 PM 489 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Carlyle Group's Friedman speaks at the Women in Finance Symposium at the Treasury Department in Washington Thomson Reuters By John McCrank NEW YORK (Reuters) - Nasdaq Inc's incoming chief executive officer, Adena Friedman, said on Tuesday that President-elect Donald Trump's economic policies may boost trading and allow banks to take more risks, including lending more to businesses. Nasdaq on Monday announced Friedman, currently president and chief operating officer, would replace long-time CEO Robert Greifeld in January, making her one of the most powerful women on Wall Street. She said regulations following the 2008 financial crisis meant to reduce risk-taking by banks were well intentioned, but that some may have gone too far. She called for a more "balanced approach to regulation." "There are elements of the regulation that we are living with today that have hampered the ability for banks to provide an important role in providing liquidity into the markets," Friedman said at a JPMorgan Chase & Co investor conference. Those rules have not only hurt trading volumes but hindered lending to small- and medium-sized businesses, she said. Trump promised during his campaign to slash taxes and regulation, including the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reforms aimed at curbing risk taking by banks and protecting consumers, which he said makes it hard for banks to loan money. Provisions of Dodd-Frank included the Volcker Rule, which restricts speculative investments by banks, and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to police areas like mortgage servicing, debt collection and payday lending. Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge-fund industry executive, has said that Dodd-Frank would be reviewed and "the worst anti-business parts of it will be gutted." Mary Jo White, outgoing chair of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, said on Tuesday she would not want to see parts of Dodd-Frank, including the Volcker Rule, rescinded or repealed. The SEC does not have evidence that the rules have affected market liquidity, she said in testimony to the House Financial Services Committee. White said on Monday she planned to depart the SEC around the same time President Barack Obama leaves the White House. (Reporting by John McCrank; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Incoming Nasdaq CEO says Trump policies may benefit Wall Street Incoming Nasdaq CEO says Trump policies may benefit Wall Street By John McCrankNEW YORK (Reuters) - Nasdaq... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Asia shares win reprieve as bond rout pauses for now Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Tokyo, Nov 16:   A pause in both the sell-off in global bonds and sharp rise in the dollar following Donald Trump's election victory, together with Wall Street's record high overnight helped Asian shares steady on Wednesday from a four-month low struck a day earlier. President-elect Trump's plans to cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending would boost demand while his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports, if implemented, are seen likely to drive inflation higher. That prospect has given rise to expectations that US interest rates will rise faster than earlier anticipated, making the dollar stronger, but investors are still trying to assess what opportunities a Trump presidency will bring. “The markets are having a bit of a pause at the moment. But people still want to do more of this trade,” said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. “If you look at the US markets, investors are looking at coming infrastructure spending and so on and they are rotating to stocks from bonds.” MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.6 percent on Wednesday, bouncing back from a four-month low touched earlier this week. The dollar's strength has fanned fears investors could shift funds to the United States from emerging markets. Emerging market stocks managed to rise 0.3 percent on Tuesday after having fallen 7 percent over the previous four sessions. Japan's Nikkei rose 1.1 percent to nine-month high on Wednesday, thanks to the dollar's retreat from a 5 1/2-month high against the yen. The dollar was trading at 109.03 yen in late morning trade in Asia, having slipped slightly off high of 109.34 yen struck on Tuesday. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 percent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 percent. Since Trump's unexpected victory last week, U.S. shares have rallied while U.S. bond prices tumbled, pushing up their yields sharply. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries slipped to 2.207 percent from Monday's 11-month high of 2.302 percent, although that is sharply above its levels around 1.86 percent before the election. U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in October, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. US interest rate futures are pricing in an 85 per cent chance of a rate hike, compared to 75 percent before the election. The two-year US notes yield fell to 0.989 percent on Wednesday, having hit a 10-month high of 1.029 per cent on Tuesday. Nikko SMBC Securities estimates U.S. two-year notes are currently pricing in five Fed rate hikes in the next two years, said senior strategist Makoto Noji. “If we base our assumption on (Fed Chair Janet) Yellen's gradualist approach, which can be roughly translated as two rate hikes per year, we could say that the market has already priced in tightening they could reasonably imagine at this point,” Noji said. “But of course if Trump's policies stoke inflation that cannot be contained by two rate hikes per year, the U.S. bond market could see big moves again,” he added. Sharp gains in U.S. bond yields have drawn investors to the the dollar, and its index against a basket of six major currencies hit its highest level in almost a year on Tuesday. It slipped slightly in Asia on Wednesday to 99.982, but was still just 0.5 percent away from reaching its highest level in more than 13-1/2 years. The euro traded at $1.0724, just above Monday's $1.0709, its lowest level in almost a year. The Chinese yuan also weakened to 6.8703 to the yuan, its weakest level since December 2008. Gold traded at $1,232.3 per ounce, not far from a 5 1/2-month low of $1,211.8 seen on Monday. In contrast, oil prices hovered near their highest levels in about two weeks after having jumped nearly 6 per cent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output when they meet later this month. US crude futures stood at $45.67 per barrel, after having risen to $46.09 late on Tuesday, their highest since November 2. (This article was published on November 16, 2016) Post Comment Related NEWS Sensex succumbs to late sell-off TOPICS economy, business and finance | stocks and shares | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Markets Live: Yellen's comments, demonetisation pull Sensex down 77 points More... Tweet O P E N close Recent Article in Stocks For whom the bells toll Recent decisions threaten to affect the inflow of badly-needed foreign investment. Consider the recent Supreme Court decision w... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
null
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 56-63 We set you thinking Monday 21 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says 1479662918 World In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands 1479661985 Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard 1479662687 World Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured 1479661609 Business Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source 1479662513 World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks 1479663402 World French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election 1479659311 World Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef 1479660543 World Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima 1479659628 World Mali's local elections marred by boycotts, kidnapping 1479658875 World UK's Hammond says budget options constrained by high debt 1479656762 World Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce 1479656165 World Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid: U.N. refugee chief 1479655835 World Merkel to seek fourth term as German chancellor: sources 1479655959 Business After initial Trump trade, politics keep stocks on edge 1479496720 World U.N. Syria envoy says local government in rebel-held Aleppo area should stay on 1479652997 World Haiti holds long-awaited election still reeling from hurricane 1479653761 World India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured 1479652705 Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone 1479646380 Lifestyle Talk politics with your kids — Yes, you can! 1479467460 World S’pore to amend legislation to bring TPP into effect next year 1479633660 World Monkey incident sparks clashes in southern Libyan city of Sabha, 16 dead 1479651187 World South Africa's opposition parties urge Zuma to report corruption to police 1479646715 Business Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper 1479647032 World Center-left leader nominated as Estonia's next PM 1479646875 World Damascus wants Trump to end rebel support: Syria foreign minister 1479643499 World Pope closes Roman Catholic 'Holy Year' marked by lights and shadows 1479643338 World Amid killing spree, Filipino actors spotlight vigilantes of Duterte's drug war 1479546193 World Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone 1479641704 World Austrian chancellor: Le Pen victory would hurt Europe's economy 1479641633 World Rescue ship carrying migrants reaches Italy after deadly week in Mediterranean 1479641365 China&India Terrorism, fake news justify tighter Web rules: China 1479641760 World Britain must be able to transition smoothly out of EU: Hammond 1479640654 Sports Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red 1479575940 World Bersih 5 appearance just Dr M’s latest U-turn, says Malaysia's Najib 1479640080 World Seven nabbed during Bersih 5 for various offences 1479558960 World Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control 1479637746 World Seven children killed in rebel shelling of Aleppo school: monitor 1479637301 World Turkish soldier killed in Islamic State attack in northern Syria 1479635432 World Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years: regulator 1479637938 World China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. 1479635469 World Queen to invite Trump to Britain for state visit: Sunday Times 1479633840 Tech Zuckerberg reveals  steps to fight fake news on Facebook 1479635760 World Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc 1479633711 World Meeting Putin, Philippines' Duterte rails at Western 'hypocrisy' 1479625200 World South Korea prosecutors say President Park was accomplice in corruption scandal 1479632650 World Lawyer for South Korea president rejects prosecutors' comments on her role in scandal 1479630773 Sports Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits 1479574260 World Suspect in Australian bank fire identified as asylum seeker 1479628750 Singapore Unpredictability, intensity draw fans to combat sports Business Factbox: Short list of potential Trump administration picks mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:30 AM, November 16, 2016 WASHINGTON - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has announced the two top White House advisers but still has many key administration positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY Leading the list: * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman Under consideration: * Jeb Hensarling, Texas representative and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Newt Gingrich, former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Jeff Sessions, senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, who advises Trump on immigration issues * Pam Bondi, Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Chris Christie, New Jersey governor HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Newt Gingrich * Tom Price, representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota * Robert Grady * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Pete Hoekstra NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring representative from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen says Fed could raise interest rates 'relatively soon' World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With tougher rules, China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? Wells Fargo faces tighter controls as U.S. regulator reverses course Wells Fargo account openings slow in October after scandal Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall street stocks lifted by data, earnings Yellen remarks Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline Inside Today World Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organizer says In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Business Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard Deutsche nominates chairman for second term, clears him of Libor blame: source Volkswagen CEO says sees case for building own battery factory: paper China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade New Zealand's Key says China will fill trade void left by U.S. Sports Singapore wants to drop F1 race, says Ecclestone Hafiz pays tribute to S’pore team-mates after seeing red Why We Run: Banker braving extremes to challenge his limits Suzuki Cup: Backs to the wall, Lions defy odds to earn point Schooling stars as Team Singapore athletes enjoy day out at Istana Entertainment Monroe’s ‘Happy Birthday Mr. President’ gown sold for almost S$7m Bollywood actress Mallika Sherawat attacked in Paris Five reasons why you should watch Legend Of The Blue Sea Got a film idea to share with Eric Khoo or Kelvin Tong? Goodbye, Plainsunset About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Dawna Friesen Carolyn Jarvis Liza Fromer Tom Clark More … Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime November 15, 2016 10:00 pm Updated: November 15, 2016 10:04 pm Who could be in Donald Trump’s administration? Here are some contenders By Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell Reuters WATCH ABOVE: Trump facing scrutiny over cabinet picks What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen WASHINGTON – U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has announced the two top White House advisers but still has many key administration positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Story continues below Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. READ MORE: Donald Trump and Mike Pence work on Cabinet appointments amid signs of transition trouble Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY Leading the list: * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman READ MORE: ‘The Simpsons’ responds to its prediction of Donald Trump presidency Under consideration: * Jeb Hensarling, Texas representative and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush READ MORE: Donald Trump protesters gather outside Supreme Court in Washington * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Newt Gingrich, former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Jeff Sessions, senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush WATCH: Rudy Giuliani among favourites for Secretary of State in Trump cabinet * Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, who advises Trump on immigration issues READ MORE: Donald Trump stands by campaign promise to overturn Roe v. Wade * Pam Bondi, Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Chris Christie, New Jersey governor * Ted Cruz, Texas Senator HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Newt Gingrich * Tom Price, representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee READ MORE: Donald Trump names Reince Priebus chief of staff, Stephen Bannon as top strategist * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration WATCH: Should the Trump kids get clearance? * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota * Robert Grady * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency READ MORE: Donald Trump wants to deport up to 3 million criminals, softens border wall promise * Pete Hoekstra, former representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Pete Hoekstra NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations WATCH: Donald Trump On ’60 Minutes’ * Peter King, representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring representative from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee © 2016 Thomson Reuters Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump Administration Donald Trump news Nye County sheriff's office Trisha Meyer Trump administration trump news Trump secretary of state Trump TREASURY SECRETARY Trump's team U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Editor's Picks Consumer How Trump's immigration crackdown could raise food prices for Canadians Politics Trudeau Liberals ‘trampling’ on women’s rights with new CPP regime: opposition Money Here's how much mortgage payments will go up as banks hike rates Consumer Text message fraud cost Canadians half a million dollars so far in 2016 Investigations Ontario schools are missing ‘perfect opportunity’ to address mental health amid rash of youth suicides Health Drugs aren’t tested on women like they are on men, and it could have deadly consequences Investigations How mental health should be taught in Canadian schools FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Alec Baldwin's Donald Trump starts to feel pressure of presidency in 'SNL' cold open 54719 Tucson Roadrunners captain collapses on ice shortly before game against Manitoba Moose 27141 Sabra hummus products recalled across Canada, US for listeria concerns 24108 Moose found frozen in lake in the middle of a fight 10802 Justin Trudeau, APEC leaders meeting a direct response to Trump's anti-trade rhetoric 8731 Sponsored content Popular Videos CNN’s Anderson Cooper malfunctions in ‘SNL’ ‘Westworld’ parody WATCH NOW Chris Rock makes SNL cameo to mock white liberals shocked by Trump win WATCH NOW WATCH: Road rage incident caught on camera WATCH NOW 10-year-old saves mom after witnessing violent attack: ‘I saw his footsteps under the door’ WATCH NOW Vice President-elect heckled at ‘Hamilton’ show in New York City WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2016 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Short list of potential Trump administration picks By Reuters Published: 21:18 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 21:18 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail By Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell WASHINGTON, Nov 15 (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has announced the two top White House advisers but still has many key administration positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY Leading the list: * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman Under consideration: * Jeb Hensarling, Texas representative and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Newt Gingrich, former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Jeff Sessions, senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Kris Kobach, Kansas Secretary of State, who advises Trump on immigration issues * Pam Bondi, Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, representative from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya * Chris Christie, New Jersey governor HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Newt Gingrich * Tom Price, representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer of North Dakota * Robert Grady * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Lieutenant General Ronald Burgess, former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Pete Hoekstra NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring representative from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee (Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 16 November 2016 | MYT 8:58 AM Asia shares bounce back from 4-month low in early trade Wednesday Japan's Nikkei rose 1.0 percent to nine-month high thanks to the fall in the yen against the dollar. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 percent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 percent. MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.2 percent TOKYO: MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.2 percent in early trade on Wednesday, bouncing back from a four-month low touched the previous day. Asian shares won the reprieve from a rally in Wall Street shares as the sell-off in global bonds and sharp gains in the dollar paused for now. Japan's Nikkei rose 1.0 percent to nine-month high thanks to the fall in the yen against the dollar. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 percent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 percent. Since Donald Trump's unexpected victory in the U.S. Presidential election last week, U.S. shares have rallied while U.S. bond prices tumbled, pushing up their yields sharply, as investors expect higher inflation under his presidency. His plans to cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending would boost demand while his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports, if implemented, are seen likely to push up prices. "The markets are having a bit of a pause at the moment. But people still want to do more of this trade. If you look at the U.S. markets, investors are looking at coming infrastructure spending and so on and they are rotating to stocks from bonds," said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries <US10YT=RR> slipped to 2.230 percent from Monday's 11-month high of 2.302 percent, although that is sharply above its levels around 1.86 percent before the election. U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in October, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. U.S. interest rate futures <0#FF:> are pricing in an 85 percent chance of a rate hike, compared to 75 percent before the election. Nikko SMBC Securities estimates U.S. two-year notes are currently pricing in five Fed rate hikes in the next two years, said senior strategist Makoto Noji. "If we base our assumption on (Fed Chair Janet) Yellen's gradualist approach, which can be roughly translated as two rate hikes per year, we could say that the market has already priced in tightening they could reasonably imagine at this point," he said. "But of course if Trump's policies stoke inflation that cannot be contained by two rate hikes per year, the U.S. bond market could see big moves again," he added. Sharp gains in U.S. bond yields are seen as boosting the attraction of dollars. The dollar's index against a basket of six major currencies <.DXY> <=USD> hit its highest level in almost a year. It stood at 100.16, standing just 0.3 percent below its 13-year peak hit in December last year. The euro <EUR=> traded at $1.0724, just above Monday's $1.0709, its lowest level in almost a year. The U.S. currency fetched 109.03 yen <JPY=>, having hit 5 1/2-month high of 109.34 yen. Gold <XAU=> traded at $1,228.6 per ounce, not far from a 5 1/2-month low of $1,211.8 seen on Monday. The dollar's strength has fanned fears investors could shift their funds to the U.S. from emerging markets. Emerging market stocks <.MSCIEF> managed to rise 0.3 percent on Tuesday after having fallen 7 percent over the previous four sessions. In contrast, oil prices hovered near their highest levels in about two weeks after having jumped nearly 6 percent on Tuesday on bets OPEC members will agree to cut output when they meet later this month. U.S. crude futures <CLc1> stood at $45.67 per barrel, after having risen to $46.09 late on Tuesday, their highest since Nov 2. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Stocks , Earnings , Banking , Commodities , Foreign News , Corporate News , Banking , Economy , Forex , Investing , Markets , Oil & Gas You May Be Interested Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline (Closing update) Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa KTC sees good year ahead Bank Negara takes a firm stance China ready to slow yuan descent Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Reflections on Budget 2017 Peng Soon-Liu Ying hope for a bit of luck in Hong Kong French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Property Related advertisement Latest News A ‘Yan’ to be the best Inevitable, essential failure Reflections on Budget 2017 Briefs Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa Most Viewed in Business Governor: Bank Negara won’t tolerate ringgit transactions in NDF market PNB unit trust funds hit 210.63 billion units as of October Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Asia shares win reprieve as dollar rally, bond rout pause By Reuters Published: 01:39 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 01:40 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail By Hideyuki Sano TOKYO, Nov 16 (Reuters) - A pause in both the sell-off in global bonds and sharp rise in the dollar following Donald Trump's election victory, together with Wall Street's record high overnight helped Asian shares steady on Wednesday. U.S. President-elect Trump's plans to cut taxes and boost infrastructure spending would boost demand while his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports, if implemented, are seen likely to drive inflation higher. That prospect has given rise to expectations that U.S. interest rates will rise faster than earlier anticipated, making the dollar stronger, but investors are still trying to assess what opportunities a Trump presidency will bring. "The markets are having a bit of a pause at the moment. But people still want to do more of this trade," said Yoshinori Shigemi, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Tokyo. "If you look at the U.S. markets, investors are looking at coming infrastructure spending and so on and they are rotating to stocks from bonds." MSCI's broadest index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rose 0.6 percent, bouncing back from a four-month low touched earlier this week. European shares are expected to rise as well, with spread-betters expecting Britain's FTSE, Germany's DAX and France's CAC opening up about one percent. The dollar's strength has fanned fears investors could shift funds to the United States from emerging markets. Emerging market stocks, which had fallen 7 percent over the four sessions until Monday, also extended gains for a second day on Wednesday. Japan's Nikkei rose 1.1 percent to nine-month high on Wednesday, thanks to the dollar's strength against the yen. The dollar was trading at 109.08 yen in late Asian trade, having slipped slightly off high of 109.34 yen struck on Tuesday. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones industrial average rose 0.29 percent to a record high while the S&P 500 gained 0.75 percent. Since Trump's unexpected victory last week, U.S. shares have rallied while U.S. bond prices tumbled, pushing up their yields sharply. The yield on 10-year U.S. Treasuries slipped to 2.207 percent from Monday's 11-month high of 2.302 percent, although that is sharply above its levels around 1.86 percent before the election. U.S. retail sales rose more than expected in October, pointing to sustained economic strength that could allow the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates next month. U.S. interest rate futures <_0FF:_> are pricing in an 85 percent chance of a rate hike, compared to 75 percent before the election. The two-year U.S. notes yield fell to 0.989 percent on Wednesday, having hit a 10-month high of 1.029 percent on Tuesday. Nikko SMBC Securities estimates U.S. two-year notes are currently pricing in five Fed rate hikes in the next two years, said senior strategist Makoto Noji. "If we base our assumption on (Fed Chair Janet) Yellen's gradualist approach, which can be roughly translated as two rate hikes per year, we could say that the market has already priced in tightening they could reasonably imagine at this point," Noji said. "But of course if Trump's policies stoke inflation that cannot be contained by two rate hikes per year, the U.S. bond market could see big moves again," he added. Sharp gains in U.S. bond yields have drawn investors to the dollar, and its index against a basket of six major currencies hit its highest level in almost a year on Tuesday. It slipped slightly in Asia on Wednesday to 99.973, but was still just 0.5 percent away from reaching its highest level in more than 13-1/2 years. The euro traded at $1.0748, a tad above Monday's $1.0709, its lowest level in almost a year. The Chinese yuan also weakened to 6.8703 to the yuan, its weakest level since December 2008. Gold traded at $1,231.5 per ounce, not far from a 5 1/2-month low of $1,211.8 seen on Monday. In contrast, oil prices extended gains, shrugging off an industry report that showed an unexpected build in U.S. crude stocks, and adding to gains of nearly 6 percent from the previous session. Oil prices had surged on Tuesday as members of he Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) were set to renew efforts on concrete steps to implement a deal on cutting output in the face of a persistent global glut. Brent futures, the global benchmark, rose 0.8 percent to $47.32, hitting their highest levels in about two weeks. Elsewhere, iron ore futures in China slumped 7 percent as investors pared bullish bets in a commodity still hit by excess supply after its massive rally in the past several weeks. (Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Dollar at highest since 2003; oil falls in choppy trade By Rodrigo Campos ReutersNovember 16, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share U.S. dollar notes are seen in this November 7, 2016 picture illustration. Picture taken November 7. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/IllustrationMore By Rodrigo Campos NEW YORK (Reuters) - The U.S. dollar index touched a near 14-year high on Wednesday, while oil prices fell in a volatile session as traders were caught between a build in U.S. stockpiles and the chance of an agreement on an output cut. On Wall Street, declines in bank stocks more than offset gains in the technology sector. The S&P 500 had ended on Tuesday at a 10-week high while the Dow industrials set a record close, fueled by a post-U.S. election rally. "People with money on the sidelines are looking for a place to put it. They're looking for names that haven't rallied as much and ones that have rallied are taking a bit of a breather," said Paul Hickey, co-founder at research firm Bespoke Investment Group in Harrison, New York. The dollar has surged in the past week, tracking Treasury yields higher on the expectation that increased U.S government spending could trigger higher inflation and force the Federal Reserve to tighten monetary policy more quickly than expected. The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> fell 54.92 points, or 0.29 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 <.SPX> lost 3.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,176.94 while the Nasdaq Composite <.IXIC> added 18.96 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,294.58. The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index <.FTEU3> fell 0.21 percent, while MSCI's gauge of stocks across the globe <.MIWD00000PUS> edged down 0.11 percent. Emerging market stocks <.MSCIEF> rose 0.7 percent but remained near a four-month low hit Monday. VOLATILE OIL, STRONG GREENBACK Oil prices fell in choppy trading as the market weighed Russia's comments on a possible meeting with Saudi Arabia about output cuts against a bigger-than-expected U.S. crude storage build. U.S. crude last fell 0.9 percent to $45.41 a barrel and Brent traded at $46.42, down 1.1 percent on the day. Crude had risen more than 1 percent after a statement from the Russian energy minister. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's plans to cut taxes and increase infrastructure spending could boost economic activity while adding to the deficit, and his proposals to deport illegal immigrants and impose tariffs on cheap imports are seen driving inflation higher. That prospect triggered a selloff in U.S. bonds that lifted yields across the board, and raised expectations that U.S. interest rates will rise faster than previously anticipated, giving support to the dollar. U.S. interest rate futures are pricing in an 81 percent chance of a rate hike of 25 basis points at the next Fed meeting, scheduled for December. The dollar index, a measure of the greenback's value against a basket of currencies, hit 100.57 <.DXY>, its highest since April 2003. It was last up 0.14 percent at 100.37. The euro fell 0.3 percent to $1.0686, while the yen was little changed at 109.09 per dollar, having earlier fallen to 109.75. The greenback rose to an eight-year high against the Chinese yuan of 6.8798 yuan . "The market has gone a bit too far ahead of itself. It looks vulnerable for a short-term pullback," said Mazen Issa, senior currency strategist at TD Securities in New York, referring to the dollar rally. The recent sharp gains in the dollar may cause Fed policymakers to reconsider raising rates because of its repercussions on U.S. exports, analysts said. "It's reaching its limit. It could feed back negatively on U.S. growth," Joachim Fels, global economic adviser at Pimco, said at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit in New York. Weaker-than-forecast U.S. producer prices and industrial production data on Wednesday supported Treasury prices and capped dollar gains. Benchmark 10-year notes last rose 6/32 in price to yield 2.2172 percent, down from 2.238 percent on Tuesday. Spot gold fell 0.0 percent to $1,224.80 an ounce. U.S. gold futures rose 0.04 percent to $1,225.00. Copper fell 1.7 percent to $5,433.15 a tonne. (Additional reporting by Sinead Carew, Scott DiSavino, Richard Leong and Dion Rabouin; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Oil gains 5 percent on the week on OPEC hopes Reuters Dollar strongest in 13 years; bond yields rise Reuters Why OPEC could strike deal this time and end failed strategy CNBC Dollar index posts biggest two-week gain in 20 months Reuters Obama administration bans Arctic offshore oil drilling through 2022. But will Trump reverse it? Los Angeles Times Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Associated Press Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape ABC News Videos Merkel tells party ready to seek fourth term as chancellor AFP Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff Five ways Indians are dodging 'black money' crackdown AFP Donald Trump Taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General ABC News Videos Stephen Colbert and John Oliver Talk Trump, Fake News, and Terrible Stand-Up Gigs Yahoo TV Trump touts retired general as potential defense secretary AFP Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Jim Cramer Is Right About Bank of America -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames PoBoy: Welcome to the presidency as reality show. Don't blame me, I voted for Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 Trump Agrees to Pay $25M to Settle Trump University Lawsuit ABC News Videos Trump opponents try to beat him at the Electoral College Associated Press First Major Winter Storm of the Season Pummels Midwest and Great Lakes Region Good Morning America Blac Chyna Shows Off Tiny Waist and Bare Stomach Less Than Two Weeks After Giving Birth! Entertainment Tonight Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff 4 Year-End Tax Tips for 2016 -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' ABC News Videos Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz Candice Swanepoel Flaunts Her Ample Curves in Cute Snap with Baby Son InStyle Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Associated Press Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff Shale King Harold Hamm: Here's Why We'll Get an OPEC Deal Bloomberg Video Remembering Journalist Gwen Ifill ABC News Videos ‘Saturday Night Live’ Recap: Kristen Wiig Comes Home for Thanksgiving Yahoo TV The Starbucks "Trump" Cup Is Causing A Ton Of Controversy Delish Trump children's roles blur line between transition, company Associated Press Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town The troubles for BAC stock are mostly in the rear-view mirror By Josh Enomoto, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Nov 14, 2016, 12:04 pm EST     View All   Popular Posts: Why Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is the Hottest Ticket in Town General Electric Company (GE) Stock Looks Good in Trump’s America The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump Recent Posts: The Tesla Motors Inc (TSLA) Stock Sign No One Is Talking About The 10 Best Pharma Stocks Under President Donald Trump General Electric Company (GE) Stock Looks Good in Trump’s America View All Posts Well, hello Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC)! After spending a vast majority of time in 2016 underwater, BofA is finally on pace to deliver the goods for shareholders. A string of exceptionally strong earnings reports puts Bank of America stock into position. However, there can be no mistake that a surprise Donald Trump victory in this year’s contentious election was the primary catalyst for BAC stock. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Post-election, BAC has jumped 12% in the markets. But it’s not just the fact that BofA has suddenly found new life. Its primary competitors within the “Big Four” banking complex have also seen a massive resurgence. Leading star JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) tacked on 10% since Trump’s victory, while Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C) gained 6%. Even the controversy-laden Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) had a stellar ride. In fact, WFC led the Trump tailwind, moving up 14%. Bank of America Stock Gets Unexpected Help It’s a new era for the banking sector, and Bank of America stock is sure to reap the benefits. The financial industry has been hampered by an extremely stringent regulatory environment. Republicans, who are generally viewed as more business-friendly than Democrats, should help ease this burden. That the outspoken billionaire turned President-elect has full control to run the “Trump Mandate” is lost on no one. The irony, of course, is that the Republicans and their looser approach were held responsible for the 2008 financial crisis. As with virtually every other investment, Bank of America stock was devastated at the time, eventually requiring outside help. The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 While it’s unfair to pin everything on one particular party, the perception was that the government had no oversight on big banks. For nearly a decade, BofA has been trying to shed its thorny past. The 2016 election result couldn’t have come at a better time for BAC stock. The Wells Fargo controversy — in which millions of fake customer accounts were created to boost sales figures — did absolutely zero favors for the industry. So harmful was the impact that when the fraud was revealed, it took down other banks, BofA included. For the month of September, Bank of America stock dropped 2%, reversing two months of bullishness. Had Hillary Clinton won the White House, it’s doubtful that anyone would have bought BAC stock. Americans voted for President Obama partially as an indictment of the Republicans’ economic policy. Clinton would have surely turned the regulatory screws tighter. What’s Next for BofA? Bank of America stock escaped a bullet, big time. Not only that, what was supposed to be a collapse of the Republican Party has now imploded the Democrats. A supportive ideology could potentially take root for BofA for years to come. Now, the question becomes, what specifically can BAC stock do with it? Click to Enlarge With the shackles off, you have to like the upside potential for Bank of America stock. Year-to-date, shares are up 18% in the markets. True, a huge chunk of that is resultant of the surprise election of Donald Trump. Nevertheless, you have to give credit where credit is due. BofA has been steadily chipping away at bearish pressure all year, and now, it is seeing its just reward. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-hottest-ticket/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Mutual Funds for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement The 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Most Popular Most Commented 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on … Google Maps? Trade of the Day: Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Back To Top[*] Trump considering Mnuchin and Ross for economy jobs Nov. 16, 2016 - 07:00AM JST Longtime Donald Trump supporter and activist investor Carl Icahn confirmed on Tuesday that the president-elect is looking at Wall Street veteran Steven Mnuchin as his choice for treasury secretary and billionaire Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary. “Spoke to @realDonaldTrump. Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are being considered for Treasury and Commerce. Both would be great choices,” Icahn wrote on Twitter. Icahn, a close ally of Trump who was often praised by the Republican during the presidential campaign for his business acumen, also tweeted that both Mnuchin and Ross were friends and “two of the smartest people I know.” Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner and Trump’s campaign finance manager, has been considered a front-runner for the Treasury post for much of the past week since Trump’s stunning election victory. Mnuchin’s inclusion in Trump’s campaign team was questioned at the time by Stephen Bannon, now Trump’s chief White House strategist. In an interview on Breitbart News, Bannon asked Trump whether the then presidential candidate was “selling out to Wall Street”. The list to head the Treasury Department has also included JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon and Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee. Hensarling has said he would prefer to focus on a revamp of financial regulation, while Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has denied interest in the job in the past. Ross, a billionaire investor, is a part of Trump’s economic advisory team. Calls to Ross were not immediately returned. Mnuchin walked through the Trump Tower lobby in Manhattan on Tuesday morning. He would not comment on personnel decisions but said the Trump team is “making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed, the biggest tax changes since Reagan. So a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump presidency.” With Republicans retaining majorities in Congress, Trump will have a clearer shot at enacting major tax cut and reform legislation and rolling back the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulation law passed in the wake of the financial crisis. The new treasury secretary would play a key role in crafting such legislation, as well as managing potential new debt issuance of as much as $1 trillion if Congress agrees to Trump’s proposed infrastructure spending program. With such high stakes, Wall Street is more focused on the selection of the next treasury chief than it was during President Barack Obama’s choices for the post. “This time will be different,” Gregory Peters, senior investment officer at Prudential Fixed Income, said Tuesday at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit in New York. “That role takes on greater importance.” Unlike current Secretary Jacob Lew, who is viewed investors to have taken a lower profile focused largely on international issues over the past year, the next Treasury secretary is expected to be a featured player in articulating and executing the Trump administration’s new economic policies and initiatives. A figure such as Mnuchin, with Wall Street experience, might be seen as better equipped to manage the relationship between Treasury and the banks that facilitate U.S. debt issuance. The last Wall Street insider to serve in the post was Henry Paulson, the former Goldman Sachs CEO appointed by George W. Bush and whose term was dominated by the bank bailouts of the 2008 financial crisis. Mnuchin, whose father was also a Goldman Sachs partner,  worked at the investment bank for nearly two decades starting in the mid-1980s, a time when Wall Street was developing major financial innovations including new securitization techniques and collateralized debt obligations—instruments that would later contribute to the financial crisis. In 2009, he led a group of investors that purchased the assets of failed California-based mortgage lender IndyMac, for $1.55 billion that included a loss-sharing deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. After rehabilitating the operation and rebranding it as OneWest Bank, they sold it in 2014 for $3.4 billion to CIT Group Inc for $3.4 billion. Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
DTN Sites & Products MyDTN ™ Increase margins and efficiency MyWeather Increase yields and savings with precision weather DTN MarketVision ™ Constantly evaluate yield and profit potential accurately. The Progressive Farmer Grow your production, efficiencies, and profitability. More from DTN MyDTN ™ MyWeather DTN MarketVision ™ The Progressive Farmer Contact DTN FAQs Log in  or  Join our community Home Markets News Topics News Topics Crops Livestock Equipment & Tech World & Policy Business & Inputs Farm Life Special Features Crops View Crops New Trait Data Available University Yield Data Emerging for Xtend Soybeans 11/16/2016 | 1:09 PM CST So far, the new dicamba-tolerant trait technology has been yielding slightly lower than Roundup Ready varieties in university trials. DTN Fertilizer Outlook Limited Movement in Fertilizer Prices 11/16/2016 | 11:03 AM CST EPA Eyes Chlorpyrifos Ban Agency Announces Proposed Plan to Ban Insecticide 11/11/2016 | 1:44 PM CST More Dicamba Details Sorting Out the XtendiMax Label 11/10/2016 | 3:50 PM CST Livestock View Livestock Emergency Drought No Rain for Two Months and Counting 11/14/2016 | 1:18 PM CST Parts of the Southeast have hit a stretch of drought that's turned pastures brittle and forced early feeding of hay. Herd Nutrition Feed Specific to the Need to Hold the Line on Cost 11/14/2016 | 1:15 PM CST Today's Youth Girl With an App 11/14/2016 | 1:12 PM CST Ask the Vet Umbilical Hernias in Calves 11/14/2016 | 1:07 PM CST Equipment & Tech View Equipment & Tech Spray Efficiency Counts Spray Effciency Counts 11/14/2016 | 9:00 AM CST John Deere offers new technologies for existing sprayers. Fielding Calls DOJ Queries Farmers on Deere-Precision Planting Deal 10/24/2016 | 9:51 AM CDT Land of Improvisation Land of Improvisation 10/24/2016 | 9:49 AM CDT Equipment Merger Update Deere Pushes Back on Lawsuit, Announces Licensing Deal With Ag Leader 10/17/2016 | 8:45 AM CDT World & Policy View World & Policy Obama to Meet Australia,Canada Leaders Obama to Meet Australia,Canada Leaders 11/20/2016 | 10:26 AM CST President Barack Obama planned separate talks with the leaders of Australia and Canada before wrapping up the final foreign trip of his presidency. Syrian Gov't Refuses UN Truce Terms Syrian Gov't Refuses UN Truce Terms 11/20/2016 | 10:25 AM CST Netanyahu Backs Submarine Purchase Netanyahu Backs Submarine Purchase 11/20/2016 | 10:24 AM CST IS Claims Attack on Pakistan Forces IS Claims Attack on Pakistan Forces 11/20/2016 | 10:23 AM CST Business & Inputs View Business & Inputs Ag Interest Rate Snapshot Ag Interest Rate Snapshot 11/18/2016 | 7:33 AM CST Track interest rate trends in benchmark rates, farm mortgages, operating credit, farm machinery and feeder loans, based on DTN sources and... Finance Outlook Dims Ag Credit Stress Runs Hot and Cold 11/16/2016 | 9:09 AM CST Rethink Estate Plans Farm Economy Challenges Transfer to Next Generation 11/8/2016 | 1:15 PM CST WOTUS Case Proceeds Ag Groups Ask Court to Vacate Waters of US Rule 11/7/2016 | 9:11 AM CST Farm Life View Farm Life Great Expectations Farmer Co-op Chief: Rural America, Farm Groups See Great Changes Coming 11/14/2016 | 8:56 AM CST Rural America stepped up for President-elect Donald Trump. Chuck Conner, a former USDA acting secretary, sees the potential of a new farm bill... Cash Market Moves No Vacancy 11/14/2016 | 8:53 AM CST View From the Cab Harvest Complete in Pennsylvania, But in Illinois They Keep on Truckin' 11/14/2016 | 8:51 AM CST Pint-Sized Pitchman Twelve-year-old Auctioneer Calls With the Pros 11/7/2016 | 9:03 AM CST Current Feature View Current Feature China's Next Steps China's Global Ag Conquest 4/12/2016 | 6:25 AM CDT Chinese businesses' growing investment in food companies and food production shows the country's commitment to have more control over its food... China's Next Steps - 2 Input Suppliers Have China On Their Plate 4/13/2016 | 2:51 PM CDT China's Next Steps -- 3 China's Next Steps -- 3 4/13/2016 | 3:50 PM CDT China's Next Steps - 4 China Investigations Become Part of DDGS Soap Opera 4/14/2016 | 7:12 AM CDT China's Next Steps - 5 Future of U.S. Exports 4/15/2016 | 7:27 AM CDT Weather Perspectives Perspectives Blogs Columns Resources LOG IN or JOIN OUR COMMUNITY News Topics Crops Livestock Equipment & Tech World & Policy Business & Inputs Farm Life Special Features News Topics/ World & Policy/ Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher 11/15/2016 | 5:00 PM CST NEW YORK (AP) -- U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as the price of oil made its biggest jump in seven months and energy companies rose with it. Technology stocks like Microsoft and Google's parent Alphabet traded higher and bond yields slipped, a break with the pattern since last week's election. Oil rose almost 6 percent as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production in a few weeks. Companies like utilities and telecom service providers climbed as bond yields fell slightly after a week of large gains. Airlines rose after Warren Buffett made a surprise investment in three carriers. "The market somehow decided 'let's give the Trump presidency a chance," said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank's private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 54.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,923.06, as those gains were partly held back by losses for retailer Home Depot and aerospace company Boeing. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16.19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,180.39. The Nasdaq composite added 57.23 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,275.62. Energy companies like Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum made large gains as the price of oil rose by the largest amount since early April. At least for a day, investors were hopeful that the nations of OPEC will be able to hammer out a deal to cut oil production, which would boost prices. OPEC agreed to a preliminary deal in September but still have to work out important details. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Exxon rose $1.54, or 1.8 percent, to $86.82 and Apache added $4.46, or 7.6 percent, to $63.39. Tuesday's trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.14, or 2 percent, to $58.87 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.55, or 3 percent, to $86.19. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump's spending plans would lead to higher inflation. That had sent yields to their highest levels this year. But the yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. However the dollar continued to get stronger and reached its highest level in almost a year. It rose to 109.32 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro slid to $1.0718 from $1.0726. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental, American Airlines and Delta. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 and American gained $1.36, or 3.1 percent, to $44.76. Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.88, or 1.3 percent, to $148.11. Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on products including cars and home and garden supplies. Retail sales over last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $24.17, or 3.4 percent, to $743.24 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.77 while Regency Center lost $2.95, or 4.2 percent, to $66.91. Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.70, or 11.4 percent, to $26.41. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. Britain's FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany's DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. (KA) facebook twitter youtube linkedin Log in or Join our community Contact Us Customer Support Sales Advertise with DTN About DTN DTN/The Progressive Farmer and the MyDTN suite of proprietary business management tools are transforming the agriculture industry with game-changing agricultural information solutions and market intelligence that enable farmers, agribusiness, and commodity traders to actively and effectively manage their businesses. For more information on all MyDTN services, visit www.DTN.com/agriculture/. Privacy Policy Terms of Use © 2002-2016 DTN. All Rights Reserved. DTN is a registered trademark and the property of DTN. All other trademarks are the properties of their respective owners. Top menu Home Markets News Topics News Topics Home Crops Livestock Equipment & Tech World & Policy Business & Inputs Farm Life Special Features Weather Perspectives Perspectives Home Blogs Columns Resources DTN Sites & Products MyDTN ™ Increase margins and efficiency MyWeather Increase yields and savings with precision weather DTN MarketVision ™ Constantly evaluate yield and profit potential accurately. The Progressive Farmer Grow your production, efficiencies, and profitability. More from DTN MyDTN ™ MyWeather DTN MarketVision ™ The Progressive Farmer Log in or Join Our Community We've detected that you are using an unsupported browser. Not all features of DTN / The Progressive Farmer may function as expected. Recommended Browsers: Internet Explorer 10 or above Chrome Firefox Safari iPad 2 or above iPhone 4 or above Google Chrome for Android Continue Log In Join Our Community Start your Free MyDTN Trial Please correct the following errors and try again: Email Address: Password: Show Password Caps Lock is on. Forgot Password Remember Me Log In Join the community! Registration is FREE. As a member of the DTNPF online community you can contribute to discussions, save your settings, get exclusive email alerts and access to special online sections, and read e-newsletters. Please correct the following errors and try again: First Name* Last Name* Postal Code* e.g. 68114 (US) or Y0B 1G0 (Canada) Phone Number* e.g., 402-390-2328 Email Address* Confirm Email Address* Password* 8-32 characters, include one number (0-9) and one letter (a-z) Confirm Password* I agree to receive information from DTN/The Progressive Farmer containing news, updates and promotions regarding DTN/The Progressive Farmer's products. I understand I can withdraw my consent at any time. By clicking Create Account, you agree to our Terms of Service   Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Updated:  March 14, 2016   Telvent DTN, LLC, doing business as “DTN The Progressive Farmer” or “Schneider Electric” (hereinafter “Schneider Electric”) respects individual privacy and values the confidence of its customers, employees, business partners, and others. Schneider Electric strives to collect, use, and disclose personal information in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which it does business and has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices. When you connect to or access this website (hereinafter the “Site”), you agree to be bound by the general terms of use set out below, as well as any specific terms mentioned on certain pages within this Site, as updated from time to time. Your access and use of this Site is subject to all applicable international, federal, provincial, state, and local laws and regulations. If you do not agree to these terms, you should leave this Site immediately. Privacy Policy Handling and Use of Personal Information Schneider Electric collects personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis for the purposes of: providing customized content, subscription service registration, demographic compilation, and marketing and promotional campaigns. When information is required that uniquely identifies you as an individual (name, address, phone number, etc), you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" of any promotional marketing, except when you specifically request marketing or promotional information. From time to time, Schneider Electric will perform statistical analysis using data provided by you for the purposes of: determining interest in various services provided by Schneider Electric, inform advertisers of the effectiveness of their marketing campaigns, and to better serve your information needs. Also, Schneider Electric may allow select third parties to offer subscription services or fee-based products through the Site. Schneider Electric makes no guarantees in regard to the policies of these parties, so you should investigate each site's privacy policy before providing personally identifiable information to third parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Schneider Electric does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties. Schneider Electric may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform with the edicts of law or comply with legal process served on Schneider Electric or the Site; (b) protect or defend the rights of property of Schneider Electric and its web sites; or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of Schneider Electric employees, users of Schneider Electric products or services, or members of the general public. At times Schneider Electric may allow customer to subscribe and/or pay for services through the Site. In such event, Schneider Electric may use a third-party shipping company to fulfill customer orders through the Site, and may also use a credit card processing company to bill you for goods or services that you request. The current credit card processing company that Schneider Electric uses to store and process credit card transactions is called CyberSource®, and more information about this company can be found at http://www.cybersource.com/. Schneider Electric takes all reasonable measures to select third-party agents for fulfillment and financial processing that agree to not retain, share, store, or use your personal or financial information for any other purposes than fulfilling orders or enforcing customer agreements. You should note that when you visit this Site, the pages you visit may be tracked. When you give us personal information, Schneider Electric will not share that information with third parties without your permission, other than for the limited exceptions already listed. Such information will only be used for the purposes stated above. Schneider Electric will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Schneider Electric will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with its legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce its agreements. Upon request, Schneider Electric may reasonably grant you access to the personal information that it holds, and will make a reasonable effort to correct, update, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. Use of Cookies Schneider Electric utilizes 'cookies' to provide custom content and measure visitation patterns and user preferences. Cookies are small text files sent from Schneider Electric to your hard drive. These files do not allow anyone else to obtain your personal information, nor do they cause any harm to your computer. Schneider Electric may provide user data obtained using cookies to third parties, but this information will not include your personally identifiable information. Third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive user data from the Site and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. If you would like more information about internet-based advertising, go to www.aboutads.info. If you would like to opt out of cookie-based collection and use of information for ad targeting, go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Security Measures Schneider Electric uses a variety of security measures to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized use, which may include but is not limited to, the use of SSL encryption. Schneider Electric services may, however, contain links to other web sites that are not controlled by Schneider Electric. Please take all necessary precautions to protect your information when you visit one of these sites. Schneider Electric does not guarantee and makes no representations or warranties that this Site and access thereto are secure, or that this Site is free of viruses or bugs that could result in damage to or the loss of data. You are responsible from protecting your data from viruses. Schneider Electric is not interested in minors Schneider Electric has no desire to collect information from those under the age of 18. In an instance where such information was collected it would be purely accidental and unintentional. Schneider Electric encourages parents to discuss the Internet with their children and monitor personal information that a child may provide via the Internet. Safe Harbor and Dispute Resolution Telvent DTN, LLC (Schneider Electric) complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Telvent DTN, LLC (Schneider Electric) has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the certification of Telvent DTN, LLC (Schneider Electric), please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/. Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of personal information should be directed to Schneider Electric at the address given above. Schneider Electric will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information by reference to the principles contained in this policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved between Schneider Electric and the complainant, Schneider Electric has agreed to participate in and utilize PrivacyTrust online dispute resolution and make a reasonable effort to resolve any complaints pursuant to Safe Harbor principles. For more information about PrivacyTrust or the operation of PrivacyTrust’s dispute resolution process, please visit http://www.etrust.org/cert/678545.html. The PrivacyTrust online dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English. Adherence by Schneider Electric to these Safe Harbor principles may be limited (a) to the extent required to respond to a legal or ethical obligation; (b) to the extent necessary to meet national security, public interest or law enforcement obligations; and (c) to the extent expressly permitted by an applicable law, rule, or regulation. Change in Ownership In the event of a change in ownership of Schneider Electric as a result of a sale, merger, acquisition or bankruptcy, then Schneider Electric reserves the right to transfer all of your personal information to a separate entity. Schneider Electric will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you (e.g. by posting on its Site, issuing a press release, or notification by e-mail) of any change in ownership. Terms of Use Access to Password Protected / Secure Areas Access to and use of password protected or secure areas of this Site is restricted to authorized users only. Individuals misusing passwords and unauthorized individuals attempting to access restricted areas of this Site may be subject to civil liability and criminal prosecution. You must immediately notify Schneider Electric of any unauthorized uses of password protected or secure areas or any other breaches of security. Comments and Content Control If you post comments, materials, or links (collectively “content”), you will have full editorial control of your content, subject to F.C.C. and other legal restrictions on the public broadcast of information, and you assume full responsibility for your content and any harm resulting from your content or conduct on this Site. However, Schneider Electric retains absolute discretion to refuse, edit, or remove any content. Furthermore, Schneider Electric may, in its sole discretion, suspend your access to this Site, any Products, and Schneider Electric’s systems if it determines that the your actions or your content are or may be or become illegal, objectionable, or compromise the integrity and/or security of the Schneider Electric’s systems or business. You will not post or make available any content or elements thereof that (a) infringes on the intellectual property rights of any third party; (b) violates any law or regulation; (c) is defamatory or trade libelous; (d) is pornographic or obscene; (e) violates any right of privacy; or (f) contains any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots or other computer programming defects intended to damage any system or data. Schneider Electric has no obligation to you and undertakes no responsibility to review your content to determine whether any of it may incur liability to third parties. Schneider Electric has no obligation to attribute your content to that of you, or to deliver your content to a Schneider Electric subscriber who does not want to receive such content. Schneider Electric has not reviewed, and cannot review, all of the comments, material, or links (collectively “content”) posted to this Site, and Schneider Electric cannot be responsible for that content or any effect thereof. Schneider Electric does not represent or imply that it endorses any content posted on this Site, nor does Schneider Electric represent or imply that it believes any such content to be accurate or harmless. This Site may contain content that is offensive, indecent, objectionable, or inaccurate; violates privacy or publicity rights; or infringes intellectual property rights. Schneider Electric shall not be responsible for any harm resulting from visitors’ use of this Site or visitors’ use of any content posted on this Site. Trademark and Copyright Information The Schneider Electric brands and any registered trademarks of Schneider Electric referred to on this Site are the sole property of Schneider Electric and/or its parent companies or affiliates. They may not be used for any purpose without the express written consent of Schneider Electric. You agree not to reproduce, other than for your own personal, non-commercial use, all or part of this Site or its content on any medium whatsoever without the express written consent of Schneider Electric. Schneider Electric does not grant any right or license for the personal and non-commercial use of the Site or its content, except for a “non-exclusive” license to consult it on an “as is” basis, at your own risk. All other rights are reserved. Policy Changes & Updating Information Schneider Electric makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that this Site is accessible at all times. You may however be prevented from accessing the Site or experience access problems due to technical difficulties or during maintenance or work upgrades. In addition, while Schneider Electric takes reasonable care to ensure that the information on this Site is kept up to date, it makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, of its accuracy or completeness. Schneider Electric accepts no liability for any direct, special, or consequential damages of whatsoever kind and howsoever caused, arising out of your use of or inability to access the Site. The content of this Site and the websites accessible via hypertext at this Site may be corrected, amended or updated at any time and without notice. Schneider Electric reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy and Terms of Use whenever the need arises. Updates to this policy will be posted to this Site in a timely manner. When such updates are made, the “last updated” date at the top of this privacy policy will be modified. This policy is not a contractual agreement and does not provide you with any legal right. Unless otherwise specified, this Site, its content, and its domain name and URLs are the sole property of Telvent DTN, LLC. If you feel that this Site is not following its stated privacy policy, then you may contact us at: Telvent DTN, LLC ATTN: GENERAL COUNSEL 9110 West Dodge Road Omaha, NE 68114 Phone: 1-800-485-4000 Cancel Create Account Telvent DTN, LLC • 9110 West Dodge Road • Omaha, NE 68114 DTNPF Save DTNPF to your home screen: Tap on the arrow and then select Add to Home Screen
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Kevin Kelly's JPMorgan Options Trade Craig Jones , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 15, 2016 4:52pm   Comments Share: Related JPM Investors Have Cast Their Ballots For Big Bank Stocks Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 Wells Fargo Faces Tight Limits After Regulator Rips Up Phony Accounts Settlement (Investor's Business Daily) Speaking on Bloomberg Markets, Kevin Kelly of Recon Capital Partners said that investors should consider hedging a long position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) after a sharp move higher. He added that he would also consider a short position in the name, using options. He explained that JPMorgan has moved 14 percent in the last 5 days, compared to a move of 7 percent in Financial Select Sector SPDR Fund (NYSE: XLF). Kelly believes that it might pullback after it outperformed its peers significantly and he wants to buy the February 75/67.50 put spread for $1.55. The trade breaks even at $73.45 or 7.45 percent lower and it can make a maximal profit of $5.95. Posted-In: Todd Gordon Trading NationOptions Markets Media © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (XLF + JPM) Investors Have Cast Their Ballots For Big Bank Stocks Pro: Markets Should Take A Step Back Amazon, JPMorgan, Time Warner, Royal Caribbean: Fast Money Picks For November 15 Trump May Not Be All Gravy For Bank ETFs The Republican Sweep Changes Everything For Morgan Stanley's Large-Cap Bank Thesis Barron's Picks And Pans: Trump Stocks, Thermo Fisher, Discover And More View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on JPM Trending Recent 1 DCIX, ROST: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 CRM, AMAT: 10 Stocks To Watch For November 18, 2016 3 DRYS: There And Back Again: A DryShips Tale 4 AGN, VRX: Is Allergan Going After Valeant's Eye Surger... 5 TNDM, DRYS: Tandem Diabetes Care May Be The Next No... 6 AMZN, PCLN: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talks... 7 MBLY, NVDA: Mobileye Stock Weak... 1 C, CRM: Salesforce's Q3 Strength Has The Sell-Side Singing Its Praises 2 WMT: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results 3 NUAN: Deutsche Bank's Likes And Dislikes From Nuance Communication&#... 4 PNC, C: Salesforce Shakes Off Twitter M&A Anxiety With Strong Q3 5 USDA Cattle on Feed Report; Cattle on Feed Down 1 Percent 6 AAPL: Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBook Pro... 7 CRM, MSFT: Salesforce: Don't Call It A Comeback, Micro... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Japanese Markets Gain; Nikkei Up 200 Points An Adventurous Idea Among Europe ETFs
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com ViaSat Announces Proposed Public Offering of Common Stock BofA Merrill Lynch, J.P. Morgan, Credit Suisse and Morgan Stanley are joint book-running managers for the offering.  The co-managers of the offering are B. Riley & Co., Citizens Capital Markets, Inc., PJT Partners LP and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. The offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  The offering of these shares may be made only by means of a prospectus supplement and the accompanying prospectus, copies of which, when available, may be obtained by contacting: BofA Merrill Lynch, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, email: dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: (866) 803-9204; Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC at Prospectus Department, One Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10010, email: newyork.prospectus@credit-suisse.com, telephone: (800) 221-1037; and Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, Attn: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of the offered shares, nor shall there be any sale of such shares in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or other jurisdiction. Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to the safe harbors created under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward looking statements include statements related to the offering and the anticipated use of proceeds from the offering. Readers are cautioned that actual results could differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include: risks and uncertainties associated with market conditions and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions related to the offering. In addition, please refer to the risk factors contained in ViaSat’s SEC filings available at www.sec.gov, including ViaSat’s most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. ViaSat undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements for any reason. Copyright © 2016 ViaSat, Inc. All rights reserved. All other product or company names mentioned are used for identification purposes only and may be trademarks of their respective owners.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/viasat-announces-proposed-public-offering-of-common-stock-300363531.html SOURCE ViaSat, Inc. Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 15, 2016November 15, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Horizon Technology Finance Leads $25 Million Venture Loan Facility for vTv Therapeutics Next Next post: Michelin Releases 2017 Edition of Its Famed Guide to New York’s Best Restaurants Search for: Search Recent Posts Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump eyeing Mnuchin and Ross for economy jobs - Icahn By Reuters Published: 16:41 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 16:41 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail By Jennifer Ablan and David Lawder NEW YORK/WASHINGTON, Nov 15 (Reuters) - Longtime Donald Trump supporter and activist investor Carl Icahn confirmed on Tuesday that the president-elect is looking at Wall Street veteran Steven Mnuchin as his choice for treasury secretary and billionaire Wilbur Ross for commerce secretary. "Spoke to @realDonaldTrump. Steve Mnuchin and Wilbur Ross are being considered for Treasury and Commerce. Both would be great choices," Icahn wrote on Twitter. (http://bit.ly/2f1fbaP) Icahn, a close ally of Trump who was often praised by the Republican during the presidential campaign for his business acumen, also tweeted that both Mnuchin and Ross were friends and "two of the smartest people I know." Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs partner and Trump's campaign finance manager, has been considered a front-runner for the Treasury post for much of the past week since Trump's stunning election victory. Mnuchin's inclusion in Trump's campaign team was questioned at the time by Stephen Bannon, now Trump's chief White House strategist. In an interview on Breitbart News, Bannon asked Trump whether the then presidential candidate was "selling out to Wall Street". The list to head the Treasury Department has also included JPMorgan Chase chief executive Jamie Dimon and Republican Representative Jeb Hensarling, chairman of the powerful House Financial Services Committee. Hensarling has said he would prefer to focus on a revamp of financial regulation, while Dimon, a lifelong Democrat, has denied interest in the job in the past. Ross, a billionaire investor, is a part of Trump's economic advisory team. Calls to Ross were not immediately returned. INTO THE TOWER Mnuchin walked through the Trump Tower lobby in Manhattan on Tuesday morning. He would not comment on personnel decisions but said the Trump team is "making sure we get the biggest tax bill passed, the biggest tax changes since Reagan. So a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump presidency." With Republicans retaining majorities in Congress, Trump will have a clearer shot at enacting major tax cut and reform legislation and rolling back the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial regulation law passed in the wake of the financial crisis. The new treasury secretary would play a key role in crafting such legislation, as well as managing potential new debt issuance of as much as $1 trillion if Congress agrees to Trump's proposed infrastructure spending program. With such high stakes, Wall Street is more focused on the selection of the next treasury chief than it was during President Barack Obama's choices for the post. "This time will be different," Gregory Peters, senior investment officer at Prudential Fixed Income, said Tuesday at the Reuters Global Investment Outlook Summit in New York. "That role takes on greater importance." Unlike current Secretary Jacob Lew, who is viewed investors to have taken a lower profile focused largely on international issues over the past year, the next Treasury secretary is expected to be a featured player in articulating and executing the Trump administration's new economic policies and initiatives. A figure such as Mnuchin, with Wall Street experience, might be seen as better equipped to manage the relationship between Treasury and the banks that facilitate U.S. debt issuance. The last Wall Street insider to serve in the post was Henry Paulson, the former Goldman Sachs CEO appointed by George W. Bush and whose term was dominated by the bank bailouts of the 2008 financial crisis. Mnuchin, whose father was also a Goldman Sachs partner, worked at the investment bank for nearly two decades starting in the mid-1980s, a time when Wall Street was developing major financial innovations including new securitization techniques and collateralized debt obligations -- instruments that would later contribute to the financial crisis. In 2009, he led a group of investors that purchased the assets of failed California-based mortgage lender IndyMac, for $1.55 billion that included a loss-sharing deal with the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. After rehabilitating the operation and rebranding it as OneWest Bank, they sold it in 2014 for $3.4 billion to CIT Group Inc for $3.4 billion. (Additional reporting by Emily Stephenson and Richard Leong in New York; Editing by David Chance and Alistair Bell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 16 November 2016 | MYT 4:08 AM Incoming Nasdaq CEO says Trump policies may benefit Wall Street People are reflected in a display showing the Nasdaq average of the US outside a brokerage in Tokyo. - Reuters pic NEW YORK: Nasdaq Inc’s incoming chief executive officer, Adena Friedman, said on Tuesday that President-elect Donald Trump’s economic policies may boost trading and allow banks to take more risks, including lending more to businesses. Nasdaq on Monday announced Friedman, currently president and chief operating officer, would replace long-time CEO Robert Greifeld in January, making her one of the most powerful women on Wall Street. She said regulations following the 2008 financial crisis meant to reduce risk-taking by banks were well intentioned, but that some may have gone too far. She called for a more “balanced approach to regulation.” “There are elements of the regulation that we are living with today that have hampered the ability for banks to provide an important role in providing liquidity into the markets,” Friedman said at a JPMorgan Chase & Co investor conference. Those rules have not only hurt trading volumes but hindered lending to small- and medium-sized businesses, she said. Trump promised during his campaign to slash taxes and regulation, including the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial reforms aimed at curbing risk taking by banks and protecting consumers, which he said makes it hard for banks to loan money. Provisions of Dodd-Frank included the Volcker Rule, which restricts speculative investments by banks, and the creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau to police areas like mortgage servicing, debt collection and payday lending. Trump adviser Anthony Scaramucci, a hedge-fund industry executive, has said that Dodd-Frank would be reviewed and “the worst anti-business parts of it will be gutted.” Mary Jo White, outgoing chair of the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), said on Tuesday she would not want to see parts of Dodd-Frank, including the Volcker Rule, rescinded or repealed. The SEC does not have evidence that the rules have affected market liquidity, she said in testimony to the House Financial Services Committee. White said on Monday she planned to depart the SEC around the same time President Barack Obama leaves the White House. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Stocks , Nasdaq Inc , Donald Trump Related Stories One Mexican firm to ride on Trump’s construction boom Trump's election win not good news for Malaysian chipmakers Stock markets’ Trump rally runs out of steam Bursa stages rebound Global capital markets rattled You May Be Interested Wall Street slips, led by healthcare decline (Closing update) Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa KTC sees good year ahead Bank Negara takes a firm stance China ready to slow yuan descent Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Reflections on Budget 2017 Peng Soon-Liu Ying hope for a bit of luck in Hong Kong French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Property Related advertisement Latest News A ‘Yan’ to be the best Inevitable, essential failure Reflections on Budget 2017 Briefs Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa Most Viewed in Business Governor: Bank Negara won’t tolerate ringgit transactions in NDF market PNB unit trust funds hit 210.63 billion units as of October Too premature to make final decision on TPP, says Mustapa advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
null
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines The Latest: Banged-up Vikings will keep Boone at guard Updated: 12 mins ago The Latest on the 11th Sunday of the NFL season. (all times Eastern): 12:34 p.m. The Minnesota Vikings will keep Alex Boone at left guard in… PHOTO GALLERY: Snow hits WNY Updated: 34 mins ago (WIVB)- News 4 viewers sent in photos from the first snow of the season in WNY. Smartphone and tablet users, click here to see the photo gal… Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Updated: 12 mins ago 4 from NY among 32 Americans named as Rhodes Scholars Updated: 12 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 12 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 20° F Wind: W 20 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 27° F Sunrise: 7:13 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 9 mins ago SATURDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION Los Angeles Clippers 102, Chicago 95 NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, Nashville 1 Chicag… St. Francis (Pa.) beats D-III Chatham 119-59 Updated: 9 mins ago LORETTO, Pa. (AP) — Andre Wolford made 3 of 6 from 3-point range and scored 17 points in 16 minutes to help St. Francis (Pa.) beat Division … Parks, Dawson help Northridge hold off N. Illinois 84-82 Updated: 9 mins ago UNLV holds off Cal State Fullerton 77-68 Updated: 9 mins ago Durham leads Bakersfield past Santa Barbara 77-70 Updated: 9 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street YOUKYUNG LEE, The Associated Press Published: November 15, 2016, 3:24 pm Updated: November 15, 2016, 11:24 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stock markets were mostly higher Wednesday, tracking overnight gains on Wall Street, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. Prices of oil turned fell back after an overnight rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s Nikkei jumped 1.1 percent to 17,865.61 and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.7 percent to 1,981.80. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose 0.6 percent to 22,461.60, while China’s Shanghai Composite Index edged down 0.1 percent to 3,202.62. Australia’s S&P/ASX added 0.1 percent to 5,330.40, while markets in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia were stronger. ANALYST’S TAKE: “International markets showed signs of pausing to wait on evidence of policy specifics before extending moves in the direction of the ‘Trump themes’ of fiscal stimulus and inflation,” Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, said in a daily commentary. OIL: Oil prices rallied overnight on hopes that OPEC members would agree to lower output when they meet later this month. But they fell back during Asian trading hours. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 15 cents to $45.66 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed up $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 12 cents to $46.83 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished higher on Tuesday as a rally in the oil markets pushed energy companies higher. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.3 percent to 18,923.06. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 0.7 percent to 2,180.39 and the Nasdaq composite added 1.1 percent to 5,275.62. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 108.99 yen from 108.94 yen while the euro rose to $1.0749 from $1.0731. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Close Energy and technology stocks jump, sending US indexes higher - Brownsville Herald: Business Subscribe Herald Alerts | Online Edition | Subscribe Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard 72° Clear Brownsville Herald News Local Valley Texas US & World Business Education SpaceX LNG in the RGV Elections Weather Entertainment El Extra App for Android and iOS The Latest UTRGV holds event that highlights impact of local art scene Art connoisseurs enjoyed an afternoon of workshops on printmaking, photography, UTRGV Radio, virtual reality, Humans of UTRGV and building a social media profile Saturday in historic downtown Brownsville. Posted: November 19 rss Texas News Teen on bike struck by Central Texas hit-and-run driver dies Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers San Antonio police kill man pointing gun at officers Winning numbers drawn in 'Cash 5' game Winning numbers drawn in 'Pick 3 Night' game Sports H.S. Football H.S. Baseball H.S. Basketball H.S. Soccer H.S. Track H.S. Volleyball H.S. Sports Local Sports National Sports RGVSports.com South Texas Outdoors UTRGV Athletic Survey The Latest Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role AP Tony Romo is active for the first time in almost a year, and he's the Dallas Cowboys' backup quarterback for the first time in 10 years. Updated: 11:30 am General News, Sports, Athlete Injuries More From The Latest Henrik Stenson wins his 2nd Race to Dubai title One-sided Big 12 showdown: No. 8 Oklahoma routs No. 10 WVU AP TOP 25 TAKEAWAYS: Ohio State survives, Strong might not Mistakes, Bishop Lynch Too Much For SJA In TAPPS Playoffs Obituaries Life Tu Salud Autism Contests Puzzles Comics Kingdom Texas Lottery Community Community Calendar Business Directory Church Directory Health Directory NIE Opinion Letters to the Editor Editorials Customer Service Subscribe MyBrownsvilleHerald.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Home Delivery Legal Notices Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory RGV Alerts Careers Don't Miss: Hurricane Safety Guide Celebrating the Port of Brownsville Home News Business Energy and technology stocks jump, sending US indexes higher Story Comments Image (3) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Richard Drew Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher A pair of traders work in their booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher Trader Luke Scanlon, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Energy and technology stocks gain, sending US indexes higher Specialists John O'hara, left, and David Haubner work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Posted: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 2:21 pm | Updated: 2:46 pm, Tue Nov 15, 2016. Energy and technology stocks jump, sending US indexes higher Associated Press | NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks are climbing Tuesday as the price of oil makes its biggest jump in seven months, sending energy companies higher. Big technology stocks, which have been mostly left out of a post-election rally, turned sharply higher. Microsoft, Facebook and Google's parent company, Alphabet, all posted solid gains. Bank stocks, which had soared over the past week, gave back some of those gains. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump's spending plans would lead to higher inflation. KEEPING SCORE: The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 27 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,895 as of 3:10 p.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 14 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,178. The Nasdaq composite added 62 points, or 1.2 percent, to 5,280. ENERGY: Energy companies led the market higher as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production. Later this month representatives of the OPEC nations will try to complete a deal that would lower their output and strengthen oil prices. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Among energy stocks, Exxon Mobil rose $1.38, or 1.6 percent, to $86.67 and Apache added $4.12, or 7 percent, to $63.05. CHANGING COURSE: Tuesday's trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.41, or 2.4 percent, to $59.14 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.56, or 3.1 percent, to $86.20.. Bond prices rose and yields, which have reached their highest levels this year, slipped. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. Banks returned some of their recent gains. JPMorgan Chase fell 68 cents to $78.83 and Wells Fargo gave up 93 cents, or 1.7 percent, to $52.29. THE QUOTE: "The market somehow decided 'let's give the Trump presidency a chance," said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank's private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. SHOPPING DEAL: Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $2.02, or 7.2 percent, to $29.89 while Regency Center lost $2.73, or 3.9 percent, to $67.13. BUFFET BUYS AIRLINES: Billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental and American Airlines. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $2.97, or 4.7 percent, to $65.91 and American gained $1.40, or 3.2 percent, to $44.80. GROUNDED: Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.35 to $148.64. RETAIL DETAILS: Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on cars and home and garden supplies, among other types of products. Retail sales over last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending and the economy might grow more quickly in the fourth quarter than economists expect. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $26.93, or 3.7 percent, to $746 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. JD DEALING: Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.91, or 12.3 percent, to $26.62. UNPRINTABLE: 3D printer maker Stratasys tumbled after its profit and sales fell far short of estimates. The stock shed $3.13, or 15.3 percent, to $17.37. GET YOUR MOTOR RUNNING: Auto parts retailer Advance Auto Parts reported better sales than investors were expecting, and its stock leaped $20.99, or 14.6 percent, to $163.98. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 108.88 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro inched up to $1.0729 from $1.0726. OTHER ENERGY TRADING: Wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. METALS: Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. OVERSEAS MARKETS: Britain's FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany's DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business ARTICLE: Obama, Russia's Putin speak at economic summit in Peru The Latest: Obama, Putin discuss Syria conflict, Ukraine The Latest: Obama, Putin discuss Syria conflict, Ukraine Obama, Russia's Putin speak at economic summit in Peru Obama, Russia's Putin speak at economic summit in Peru More about General News ARTICLE: Obama, Russia's Putin speak at economic summit in Peru ARTICLE: Teen on bike struck by Central Texas hit-and-run driver dies Report: German Chancellor Merkel to seek fourth term Report: German Chancellor Merkel to seek fourth term Report: German Chancellor Merkel to seek fourth term More about Prices ARTICLE: Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers ARTICLE: Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on US stocks slip as drugmakers pull health care companies down ARTICLE: Yellen says she isn't going anywhere when Trump takes office Bank stocks surge again, leading broader market higher Discuss Print Posted in Business on Tuesday, November 15, 2016 2:21 pm. Updated: 2:46 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Prices, Oil And Gas Industry, Currency Markets, Economy, Technology, Financial Markets, Stock Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Energy Industry, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Commodity Markets, Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance, Government And Politics, Economic Policy, Government Policy | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia Custom Search Site Web Follow us on Facebook Today's Edition tab 0 tab 1 Calendar today's events browse submit Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> tab 0 tab 1 tab 2 Homes McAllen North- Brick 3/2/1 Spacious. Great loc. $900/Mo. + Dep. $900 Updated: 5:01 am 1989 Graham 14x68, 2bedroom, 2 bath, fully furn. steel roof. Updated: 5:01 am VILLA MADRID Apts 1 & 2 Bedrooms Available BASIC & Updated: 5:01 am More Homes Cars 2015 GMC SIERRA CREW CAB AUTO TRANS ALL POWER MUST SEE. Updated: 5:02 am 2015 CHEVY MALIBU LS ALL POWER MUST SEE. Updated: 5:02 am 2016 ESCALADE ESV NAV ROOF DVD POWER STEPS LOW MILES MUST SEE. Updated: 5:02 am More Cars Calendar today's events browse submit Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tweets from https://twitter.com/BrownsvilleNews/herald-newsroom Today's Edition Online Features Online Features Real Estate DIY projects to increase the resale v... Brandpoint (BPT) How to get the most out of your lawn ... Brandpoint (BPT) 3 reasons why winter is a smart time ... Brandpoint (BPT) 6 holiday-friendly home design features Brandpoint (BPT) An affordable way to qualify for a ho... Brandpoint (BPT) Autumn and early winter: The best tim... Brandpoint (BPT) Site-built, manufactured or modular: ... Brandpoint (BPT) 5 ways to reinvent your garage Brandpoint (BPT) Smart tips for buying a first-home th... Brandpoint (BPT) How New Buildings are Going Green Pet Central Having a pet is a lot of responsibility, and we’ll help by giving you lots of tips and tricks! More >> Fitness Our fitness articles will help teach you how to work out with gym- and home-based exercises. More >> Crosswords Enjoy the crosswords challenge in our free daily puzzles, from the harder Sunday crossword to the quicker daily. More >> Sudoku Every Sudoku has a unique solution that can be reached logically. Enter numbers into the blank spaces so that each row, column and 3x3 box contains the numbers 1 to 9. More >> Ads by Google Site Web Custom Search Advertising Advertising Place an Ad Co-op Advertising Commercial Print National Advertising Archives Archives Story Archives Obituaries Archives Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Subscribe Services Online Services Online Services RSS Feeds WebSites WebSites ElNuevoHeraldo.com RGVSports.com Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Brownsville Herald. All rights reserved. 1135 E. Van Buren St, Brownsville, TX 78520 | (956) 542-4301 Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs | Classifieds AIM Media TX LLC © Copyright 2016, Brownsville Herald, Brownsville, TX. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets India’s tough stance on Dutch trade deal fuels EU fears China pledges to lead the way on global trade Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Trump picks hardliners to head DoJ and CIA Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read House prices speed up London exodus Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg responds to criticism over fake news on Facebook BT has second-worst funded pension scheme in the world China braced for impact of property slowdown Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Big market question: has it been too far, too fast post-Trump? The ingredients of the Trump economic cocktail Wall Street eases as dollar hits 13-year highs Trump risks market backlash if institutions damaged Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Denmark: UK ally takes hard Brexit line Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Higher borrowing is the key to Philip Hammond’s Autumn Statement Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Google Home — a better virtual assistant Divorce can galvanise a career as well as ruin it Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover FT Executive MBA Ranking 2016 Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Donatella Versace — and friends — unveil her new hotel, a palazzo amid the sands of Dubai Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds Is San Francisco’s Castro district losing its gay identity? A Donald Trump-inspired plan to make my home great again Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: ‘The Great Mentioner’: Who will Trump pick? Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Premium Digital Trial $ 1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business November 15, 2016 11:04 PM Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street FILE - This Jan. 4, 2010 file photo shows an entrance to a Wall Street subway station in New York. U.S. stocks are opening higher Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 as the price of oil jumps more than 3 percent and energy companies rise. Mark Lennihan, File AP Photo A pair of traders work in their booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. Richard Drew AP Photo Trader Luke Scanlon, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. Richard Drew AP Photo Specialists John O'hara, left, and David Haubner work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. Richard Drew AP Photo 1 of 4 i By YOUKYUNG LEE AP Business Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story SEOUL, South Korea Asian stock markets were mostly higher Wednesday, tracking overnight gains on Wall Street, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. Prices of oil turned fell back after an overnight rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei jumped 1.1 percent to 17,865.61 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.7 percent to 1,981.80. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.6 percent to 22,461.60, while China's Shanghai Composite Index edged down 0.1 percent to 3,202.62. Australia's S&P/ASX added 0.1 percent to 5,330.40, while markets in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia were stronger. ANALYST'S TAKE: "International markets showed signs of pausing to wait on evidence of policy specifics before extending moves in the direction of the 'Trump themes' of fiscal stimulus and inflation," Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, said in a daily commentary. OIL: Oil prices rallied overnight on hopes that OPEC members would agree to lower output when they meet later this month. But they fell back during Asian trading hours. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 15 cents to $45.66 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed up $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 12 cents to $46.83 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished higher on Tuesday as a rally in the oil markets pushed energy companies higher. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.3 percent to 18,923.06. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.7 percent to 2,180.39 and the Nasdaq composite added 1.1 percent to 5,275.62. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 108.99 yen from 108.94 yen while the euro rose to $1.0749 from $1.0731. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:36 Haitians pick a president Pause 0:21 Driver plows into Oregon restaurant 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 3:02 She wants to be the first deaf ‘Top Chef’ 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 1:18 How the octopus moves 1:43 It's Election Day in Haiti 1:42 Man yells 'Trump' at Starbucks employee in Miami area 1:43 Treatment center offers relief from lice 0:33 IHOP diner stabs server for 'poisoned' food Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 2:15 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 0:37 2 months ago A laser-powered robot caterpillar 1:27 2 months ago Elizabeth Warren to Wells Fargo CEO: 'You should resign' View more video Business They aren't afraid to call themselves jerks who sell jerky South Florida’s tech salaries going up but not enough Another sign of change in Cuba: Delta Air Lines selling tickets from Havana office Miami-Dade unemployment ticks up in October Mitt Romney’s firm considered buying the Miami Marlins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
ActionNewsJax.com LIVE http://www.actionnewsjax.com/cmg-main-theme/css ActionNewsJax.com Sign in Sign Out Member Center Register SIGN IN Sign in using your wjax profile {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Need a profile? Register now. OR Sign in with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close 12386682 Home 12386742 News Hurricane Matthew County by County Weird Florida Nation & World Politics Skyvision Action Button Links Download News App 12386688 Weather First Alert Doppler HD 7-Day Forecast Weekend Forecast Hour by Hour Talking the Tropics Hurricane Center Buresh Blog Interactive Radar Sky Cams First Alert Wx App Weather Photos 12386748 Traffic Gas Prices First Alert Traffic Twitter 12386964 Watch Watch Live Stream Watch Latest Newscast Video Social Media Photo Galleries Action News Jax Sunday 15413233 Investigates Restaurant Report Predator Alert 12386760 Sports Action Sports Jax Jacksonville Jaguars Friday Night Blitz Georgia - Florida Game SEC Sports ACC Sports Dream 18 Fight for the Fedora 12386850 Family Focus Community Calendar Light the Night American Red Cross MSABC BIKE MS Feeding NEFL Sea and Sky 166575486 About Us Action News Jax Team What's On WJAX-TV Get TV MeTV on MyTVJax Talent Appearances Submit Events Contact Us Jobs at Cox Millennials at CMG 417767243 Local Solutions 166656945 Home for Good Jax 166650644 Jax Dream Home Pros 413973870 Zika virus in Florida More Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street by: YOUKYUNG LEE, AP Business Writer Updated: Nov 15, 2016 - 10:58 PM Twtter SEOUL, South Korea (AP) - Asian stock markets were mostly higher Wednesday, tracking overnight gains on Wall Street, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. president-elect Donald Trump. Prices of oil turned fell back after an overnight rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei jumped 1.1 percent to 17,865.61 and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.7 percent to 1,981.80. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 0.6 percent to 22,461.60, while China's Shanghai Composite Index edged down 0.1 percent to 3,202.62. Australia's S&P/ASX added 0.1 percent to 5,330.40, while markets in Taiwan, Singapore and Southeast Asia were stronger. ANALYST'S TAKE: "International markets showed signs of pausing to wait on evidence of policy specifics before extending moves in the direction of the 'Trump themes' of fiscal stimulus and inflation," Ric Spooner, chief market analyst at CMC Markets, said in a daily commentary. OIL: Oil prices rallied overnight on hopes that OPEC members would agree to lower output when they meet later this month. But they fell back during Asian trading hours. Benchmark U.S. crude fell 15 cents to $45.66 per barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract closed up $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel on Tuesday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 12 cents to $46.83 a barrel in London. WALL STREET: U.S. stocks finished higher on Tuesday as a rally in the oil markets pushed energy companies higher. The Dow Jones industrial average gained 0.3 percent to 18,923.06. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 0.7 percent to 2,180.39 and the Nasdaq composite added 1.1 percent to 5,275.62. CURRENCIES: The dollar strengthened to 108.99 yen from 108.94 yen while the euro rose to $1.0749 from $1.0731. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Asian stocks mostly higher, taking cues from Wall Street Drugmaker losses pull stocks lower; small-cap surge goes on Fed rate hike predictions support dollar but weigh on stocks Asian shares mixed, Nikkei up as Yellen remarks lift dollar Markets await testimony from Yellen; dollar likely in focus News Local News National/World News Video Traffic First Alert Weather Interactive Radar First Alert Doppler HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Jacksonville Coupons About Us About WJAX/WFOX What's on CBS47/ FOX30 WFOX Public File WFOX EEOC Statement WJAX Public File WJAX EEOC Statement Jobs © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 76° Overcast Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Tim Bynum, former councilmember, dies at 62 Posted: November 20, 2016 - 2:00 am LIHUE — Those who knew Tim Bynum say he was a gentle giant who genuinely cared about the island. Comments (0) After recent drownings on Kauai, tourists recognize importance of ocean smarts Updated: November 20, 2016 - 6:54 am LYDGATE — Ed Howard, a visitor from Fort Worth, Texas, takes responsibility for his own safety at the beach. Comments (0) Recent Bryant wins $4,000 as top bartender TGI letter writer dies Arrest log for Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 Da Shadow: Bridge update Obituaries for Sunday, Nov. 20, 2016 Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest Kapaa High football team members reflect on Division II title game loss Updated: November 20, 2016 - 6:40 am LIHUE — The Warriors returned home Saturday with an unsettling sense of deja vu. Comments (0) Colts JV off to Florida Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:45 am HANAPEPE — “Boss, I don’t even have money for this,” Hanapepe Colts Junior Varsity coach Kyle Linoz said as the clock wound down on the team’s 28-0 win over the Waianae Tigers during Saturday’s Pop Warner Regional Championship. Comments (0) Recent The new normal: John John earns early Triple Crown lead Kapaa again falls short in Division II title game Kapaa Warriors fall to Lahainaluna 21-14 Live blog: Kapaa Warriors take on Lahainaluna Lunas for the HHSAA Division 2 football title UH signs 3-star prospect, Kahuku player Avea Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Hwa-shin is surprised and disappointed Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:05 am Korean cuisine has been gaining popularity in Hawaii along with the popularity of K-dramas and K-pop. Comments (0) Scams, the elderly and how to stay safe Posted: November 20, 2016 - 12:05 am Why does it seem that the elderly are the target for more scams than the rest of the population? Is there something about being older that makes one more susceptible to being duped? Studies are being conducted by various researchers to find out why the elderly are more often the victim of these types of crimes and why scam artists consider them easy pickings. Comments (0) Recent The Lydgate residence on Rice Street Talk Story: Ronald Blackstad Births for Nov. 18, 2016 St. Raphael’s Church will hold outreach at Salt Pond Park ‘AARP in Action’ on Dec. 14 Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest KISS concert to feature performances of classic, hit songs Posted: November 18, 2016 - 1:00 am When the Kauai Island Singers sing, they don’t do it so people can hear them. Comments (0) Slack Key Guitar festival stops at the Garden Isle Posted: November 18, 2016 - 1:00 am LIHUE — For Stephen Inglis, performing in the Hawaiian Slack Key Guitar Festival is special. Comments (0) Recent Growing roots Remodeled lounge highlights visit to popular restaurant at the Grand Hyatt Oh, Canada! Enjoy the trip TGIFr!day for November 18, 2016 Island Calendar for Nov. 18, 2016 Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News National Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars Story Comments Image (3) Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Richard Drew Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars A pair of traders work in their booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars Trader Luke Scanlon, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars Specialists John O'hara, left, and David Haubner work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Posted: Tuesday, November 15, 2016 3:19 pm | Updated: 5:27 pm, Tue Nov 15, 2016. Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars Associated Press | 0 comments NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as the price of oil made its biggest jump in seven months and energy companies rose with it. Technology stocks like Microsoft and Google's parent Alphabet traded higher and bond yields slipped, a break with the pattern since last week's election. Oil rose almost 6 percent as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production in a few weeks. Companies like utilities and telecom service providers climbed as bond yields fell slightly after a week of large gains. Airlines rose after Warren Buffett made a surprise investment in three carriers. "The market somehow decided 'let's give the Trump presidency a chance," said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank's private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 54.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,923.06, as those gains were partly held back by losses for retailer Home Depot and aerospace company Boeing. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16.19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,180.39. The Nasdaq composite added 57.22 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,275.62. Energy companies like Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum made large gains as the price of oil rose by the largest amount since early April. At least for a day, investors were hopeful that the nations of OPEC will be able to hammer out a deal to cut oil production, which would boost prices. OPEC agreed to a preliminary deal in September but still have to work out important details. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Exxon rose $1.54, or 1.8 percent, to $86.82 and Apache added $4.46, or 7.6 percent, to $63.39. Tuesday's trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.14, or 2 percent, to $58.87 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.55, or 3 percent, to $86.19. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump's spending plans would lead to higher inflation. That had sent yields to their highest levels this year. But the yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. However the dollar continued to get stronger and reached its highest level in almost a year. It rose to 109.32 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro slid to $1.0718 from $1.0726. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental, American Airlines and Delta. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 and American gained $1.36, or 3.1 percent, to $44.76. Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.88, or 1.3 percent, to $148.11. Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on products including cars and home and garden supplies. Retail sales over last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $24.17, or 3.4 percent, to $743.24 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.77 while Regency Center lost $2.95, or 4.2 percent, to $66.91. Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.70, or 11.4 percent, to $26.41. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. Britain's FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany's DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped More about General News ARTICLE: Monkey attack sets off tribal clashes in Libya, 20 dead ARTICLE: Yemen rebels prevent food aid from reaching besieged city Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death More about Prices Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers ARTICLE: Rural West Texas communities want jobs, hope Trump delivers ARTICLE: Iran optimistic oil prices can rise Discuss Print   Posted in National, National and International on Tuesday, November 15, 2016 3:19 pm. Updated: 5:27 pm. | Tags: Business, General News, Prices, Oil And Gas Industry, Currency Markets, Economy, Technology, Financial Markets, Stock Markets, Leading Economic Indicators, Financial Performance, Corporate News, Energy Industry, Consumer Services, Consumer Products And Services, Commodity Markets, Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance, Aerospace And Defense Industry, Information Technology, Industrial Products And Services, Government Finance, Government Business And Finance, Government And Politics, Economic Policy, Government Policy | Location Tags: United States, East Asia, North America, Asia Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories Julia Roberts sells Faye House for $16.2 million, sets record Kauai woman protests presidential election result Clayton Kona, Koma Texeira charged in Togioka death Kauai among ‘Best of the World’ Hawaii among states with largest increases in homeless people All Trumped up (97) Assault suspect allowed to leave the island (20) Kauai woman protests presidential election result (20) County can’t regulate pesticides (16) Robbery suspect captured (11) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content November 20, 2016 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Community News | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles   Business   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > Business > Business Breaking News > US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health Business Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health By: Christopher S. Rugaber, The Associated Press Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016 at 9:25 AM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error WASHINGTON - American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial holiday shopping season. Retail sales rose 0.8 per cent in October, after an upwardly-revised 1 per cent gain in September, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. The two-month increase was the largest since the spring of 2014. The numbers suggest that the economy may grow more quickly in the final three months of the year than many economists had expected. Retail sales are closely watched as a sign of consumer health. Consumer spending makes up about 70 per cent of the economy. Steady hiring and emerging signs of solid pay increases have made Americans more confident and willing to spend. The unemployment rate fell last month to a low 4.9 per cent and in October, workers saw the biggest annual pay gain since the end of the recession. And while many companies, such as Dunkin Donuts, blamed their own weak sales figures in the late summer and fall on consumer concerns surrounding the election, Tuesday's figures show that the presidential campaign had little impact overall. "If electoral uncertainty were restraining activity prior to last Tuesday, it is nowhere apparent in the consumer spending data," JPMorgan Chase economist Michael Feroli said. Revisions to September and August data indicate that consumers spent more than previously estimated in the July-September quarter, Feroli said. That means growth in the third quarter may have been as high as 3.2 per cent, he estimated, above the 2.9 per cent figure reported last month. Some of the biggest sales increases were in autos and gas, with higher prices boosting gas station sales. Even excluding those categories, however, sales rose 0.6 per cent in October and 0.5 per cent the previous month. Auto sales rose a healthy 1.1 per cent, though many dealers relied on steep discounts. Sales of home and garden supplies also rose 1.1 per cent in October, a positive sign that more Americans are remodeling and expanding their homes. Home Depot, the nation's biggest home improvement chain, upped its outlook for the year Tuesday after beating Wall Street expectations handily. Customer transactions jumped, as did the amount they spent on each visit, the company said. Most other retailers also saw healthy increases: Grocery stores, health and personal care outlets, sporting goods retailers, clothing stores, and online and catalogue retailers all reported strong sales. Online and catalogue retailers are continuing to seize market share from older-line outlets such as department stores. Online and catalogue sales have increased 12.9 per cent in the past year, much faster than the 4.3 per cent gain for all retailers. Department stores, meanwhile, have seen their sales plunge 7.3 per cent in the past 12 months. Furniture stores were one of the few to report a drop in October, with sales falling 0.9 per cent. Steady hiring may be boosting spending. Employers have added about 175,000 jobs a month this year, down from last year's pace but still enough to push unemployment even lower over time. That appears to be boosting consumer confidence, which has been mostly healthy in recent months. A measure of consumer sentiment by the University of Michigan rose in the first half of November. Even with solid growth in the October-December quarter, the economy has been weak this year. It expanded at just a 1.1 per cent pace in the first six months of 2016. It accelerated to a 2.9 per cent pace in the July-September quarter. Even with a healthier expansion in the fourth quarter, growth may not reach 2 per cent for the full year. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to Business Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Dispute over dog triggered first in series of shootings Anderson back on ice after battle with cancer Santa Parade ready to roll BPS officer bitten while trying to apprehend teen Hotdog challenge nets $525 Wisconsin voters cheesed off New West decision thrills business owners Two cops hurt in tussle with agitated tenant Hoad new liaison officer for Wheaties Group forces way into Percy Street apartment Good deed leads to Noble encounter Brandon daycare centre closed due to mould in limbo Gladstone man wanted after domestic assault Four years for deadly rollover Police looking for help after pedestrian killed on highway Robinson makes mark in rare start Cartwright cowgirl captures Miss Rodeo Canada crown Dispute over dog triggered first in series of shootings New West decision thrills business owners Teen tweeted to ISIS supporters: "Strike from within" Police investigate body found in east end of Brandon Soldier saves choking baby in Brandon store Brandon man, 27, killed in highway collision Escaped inmate caught by Brandon police Babysitter recuperating after being stabbed Brandonite killed in crash remembered for positivity, devotion to family BPS linked 10th Street shooting to ordered hit dispute Online plea leads to surgery after woman spends month in Brandon hospital Snapchat pic points to teen driver clocked at 232 km/h Immigrant killed in crash near MacGregor was a beloved father, husband Today | Week | Month Sun project earns EPPY Award nominations Woman arrested after fight One dog killed, one injured in beating Sun interview shines on Caitlin Munn Illegal cigarette use rising in Manitoba: report Four CEYS workers receive layoff notices Devastated woman left waiting for treatment as new diagnosis needed Today | Week | Month House arrest for Fun N' Games robber Daley enjoys donning Maple Leaf Morning Mess: What happened? Hoad new liaison officer for Wheaties Doctor shortage factor in Melita ER closure in December Four years for deadly rollover House arrest for Fun N' Games robber Wheat City recognized for efforts to inspire local youth Daley enjoys donning Maple Leaf Lives lost at Brandon residential school honoured Gap between elites and the rest of us keeps growing Where Are They Now: Chartier has no regrets about style of play Cory joining family in baseball Hall of Fame Nurses reunite to celebrate 100 years of public health nursing in Manitoba Brandon-area raids deal blow to drug trade BSD students make achievement gains, but gaps remain, report finds Looking Back -- Oct. 29, 2016 Wharrie happy with opportunity to contribute more Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2016 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines The Latest: Banged-up Vikings will keep Boone at guard Updated: 12 mins ago The Latest on the 11th Sunday of the NFL season. (all times Eastern): 12:34 p.m. The Minnesota Vikings will keep Alex Boone at left guard in… PHOTO GALLERY: Snow hits WNY Updated: 34 mins ago (WIVB)- News 4 viewers sent in photos from the first snow of the season in WNY. Smartphone and tablet users, click here to see the photo gal… Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Updated: 12 mins ago 4 from NY among 32 Americans named as Rhodes Scholars Updated: 12 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 12 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 20° F Wind: W 20 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 27° F Sunrise: 7:13 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 9 mins ago SATURDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION Los Angeles Clippers 102, Chicago 95 NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, Nashville 1 Chicag… St. Francis (Pa.) beats D-III Chatham 119-59 Updated: 9 mins ago LORETTO, Pa. (AP) — Andre Wolford made 3 of 6 from 3-point range and scored 17 points in 16 minutes to help St. Francis (Pa.) beat Division … Parks, Dawson help Northridge hold off N. Illinois 84-82 Updated: 9 mins ago UNLV holds off Cal State Fullerton 77-68 Updated: 9 mins ago Durham leads Bakersfield past Santa Barbara 77-70 Updated: 9 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health CHRISTOPHER S. RUGABER, The Associated Press Published: November 15, 2016, 10:24 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial holiday shopping season. Retail sales rose 0.8 percent in October, after an upwardly-revised 1 percent gain in September, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. The two-month increase was the largest since the spring of 2014. The numbers suggest that the economy may grow more quickly in the final three months of the year than many economists had expected. Retail sales are closely watched as a sign of consumer health. Consumer spending makes up about 70 percent of the economy. Steady hiring and emerging signs of solid pay increases have made Americans more confident and willing to spend. The unemployment rate fell last month to a low 4.9 percent and in October, workers saw the biggest annual pay gain since the end of the recession. And while many companies, such as Dunkin Donuts, blamed their own weak sales figures in the late summer and fall on consumer concerns surrounding the election, Tuesday’s figures show that the presidential campaign had little impact overall. “If electoral uncertainty were restraining activity prior to last Tuesday, it is nowhere apparent in the consumer spending data,” JPMorgan Chase economist Michael Feroli said. Revisions to September and August data indicate that consumers spent more than previously estimated in the July-September quarter, Feroli said. That means growth in the third quarter may have been as high as 3.2 percent, he estimated, above the 2.9 percent figure reported last month. Some of the biggest sales increases were in autos and gas, with higher prices boosting gas station sales. Even excluding those categories, however, sales rose 0.6 percent in October and 0.5 percent the previous month. Auto sales rose a healthy 1.1 percent, though many dealers relied on steep discounts. Sales of home and garden supplies also rose 1.1 percent in October, a positive sign that more Americans are remodeling and expanding their homes. Home Depot, the nation’s biggest home improvement chain, upped its outlook for the year Tuesday after beating Wall Street expectations handily. Customer transactions jumped, as did the amount they spent on each visit, the company said. Most other retailers also saw healthy increases: Grocery stores, health and personal care outlets, sporting goods retailers, clothing stores, and online and catalog retailers all reported strong sales. Online and catalog retailers are continuing to seize market share from older-line outlets such as department stores. Online and catalog sales have increased 12.9 percent in the past year, much faster than the 4.3 percent gain for all retailers. Department stores, meanwhile, have seen their sales plunge 7.3 percent in the past 12 months. Furniture stores were one of the few to report a drop in October, with sales falling 0.9 percent. Steady hiring may be boosting spending. Employers have added about 175,000 jobs a month this year, down from last year’s pace but still enough to push unemployment even lower over time. That appears to be boosting consumer confidence, which has been mostly healthy in recent months. A measure of consumer sentiment by the University of Michigan rose in the first half of November. Even with solid growth in the October-December quarter, the economy has been weak this year. It expanded at just a 1.1 percent pace in the first six months of 2016. It accelerated to a 2.9 percent pace in the July-September quarter. Even with a healthier expansion in the fourth quarter, growth may not reach 2 percent for the full year. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide Kickstart.am Home News Innovation Leadership Best Managed Companies MBA Guide PROFITguide.com Kickstart.am Subscribe Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Home News US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health US retail sales jump 0.8 pct. in sign of consumer health Nov 15, 2016 Christopher S. Rugaber, The Associated Press   0 WASHINGTON – American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial holiday shopping season. Retail sales rose 0.8 per cent in October, after an upwardly-revised 1 per cent gain in September, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. The two-month increase was the largest since the spring of 2014. The numbers suggest that the economy may grow more quickly in the final three months of the year than many economists had expected. Retail sales are closely watched as a sign of consumer health. Consumer spending makes up about 70 per cent of the economy. Steady hiring and emerging signs of solid pay increases have made Americans more confident and willing to spend. The unemployment rate fell last month to a low 4.9 per cent and in October, workers saw the biggest annual pay gain since the end of the recession. And while many companies, such as Dunkin Donuts, blamed their own weak sales figures in the late summer and fall on consumer concerns surrounding the election, Tuesday’s figures show that the presidential campaign had little impact overall. “If electoral uncertainty were restraining activity prior to last Tuesday, it is nowhere apparent in the consumer spending data,” JPMorgan Chase economist Michael Feroli said. Revisions to September and August data indicate that consumers spent more than previously estimated in the July-September quarter, Feroli said. That means growth in the third quarter may have been as high as 3.2 per cent, he estimated, above the 2.9 per cent figure reported last month. Some of the biggest sales increases were in autos and gas, with higher prices boosting gas station sales. Even excluding those categories, however, sales rose 0.6 per cent in October and 0.5 per cent the previous month. Auto sales rose a healthy 1.1 per cent, though many dealers relied on steep discounts. Sales of home and garden supplies also rose 1.1 per cent in October, a positive sign that more Americans are remodeling and expanding their homes. Home Depot, the nation’s biggest home improvement chain, upped its outlook for the year Tuesday after beating Wall Street expectations handily. Customer transactions jumped, as did the amount they spent on each visit, the company said. Most other retailers also saw healthy increases: Grocery stores, health and personal care outlets, sporting goods retailers, clothing stores, and online and catalogue retailers all reported strong sales. Online and catalogue retailers are continuing to seize market share from older-line outlets such as department stores. Online and catalogue sales have increased 12.9 per cent in the past year, much faster than the 4.3 per cent gain for all retailers. Department stores, meanwhile, have seen their sales plunge 7.3 per cent in the past 12 months. Furniture stores were one of the few to report a drop in October, with sales falling 0.9 per cent. Steady hiring may be boosting spending. Employers have added about 175,000 jobs a month this year, down from last year’s pace but still enough to push unemployment even lower over time. That appears to be boosting consumer confidence, which has been mostly healthy in recent months. A measure of consumer sentiment by the University of Michigan rose in the first half of November. Even with solid growth in the October-December quarter, the economy has been weak this year. It expanded at just a 1.1 per cent pace in the first six months of 2016. It accelerated to a 2.9 per cent pace in the July-September quarter. Even with a healthier expansion in the fourth quarter, growth may not reach 2 per cent for the full year. shares Share: Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Share Email Advertisement Advertisement    Leave a comment Hide comments Leave a comment Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Name * Email * Top Follow us Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Resources About Us Contact Us Advertising In-class program Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Canadian Business - Your Source For Business News newsletters Market Wrap The day's key business, market and company news, with analysis and opinion from Canadian Business Online's writers. Delivered each business day. Delivered each business day.† From our partners I would like Canadian Business to send me alerts, event notifications and special deals or information from our carefully screened partners that may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 1999-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Technology PhillyDeals: Protecting technology start-ups from media giants Updated: November 15, 2016 — 3:01 AM EST Facebook icon Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Trump demands apology for Pence from 'Hamilton' cast Nov 19 - 5:29 AM Twitter war: Baldwin fires back at Trump's 'SNL' criticism 53 minutes ago At the Invincible Pictures studio in Philadelphia are (from left) Tom Ashley, head of FlixFling and Invincible; Jackie Martling, who stars in FlixFling's new ad; and Brad Heffler, founder of the Claims Compensation Bureau, an investor. by Joseph N. DiStefano & Joseph N. DiStefano - Philadelphia Media Network Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Phone icon 215 854 5194 Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano Sensors, switches, perilous places are the job at TE Connectivity Nov 20 Nursing home investors plan $150M IPO for Radnor firm Nov 18 New lab for Gore-Tex owner Nov 18 Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Phone icon 215 854 5194 Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano Sensors, switches, perilous places are the job at TE Connectivity Nov 20 Nursing home investors plan $150M IPO for Radnor firm Nov 18 New lab for Gore-Tex owner Nov 18 Note: This article originally appeared April 10, 2011. Slideshow PhillyDeals: Protecting technology start-ups from media giants Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon The Internet was supposed to plug everyone in and bring us all close. Same for cable TV, regular television, radio, movies, and telephones. But each time, inventors and prophets of the new technologies were bought out and pushed aside by business empire-builders, backed by JPMorgan and other Wall Street banks - with government blessing. These hard-driving bosses crowded out new competitors, and built national franchises to supply mass-produced information products and services at profitable prices, writes Columbia University professor Tim Wu, in his fast-moving history The Master Switch: The Rise and Fall of Information Empires. At least the monopolists who ran AT&T and RCA, and the Jewish immigrant movie producers who dominated "Golden Age" Hollywood, self-censoring to please Catholic activists, felt an obligation to give the masses high-quality programs, Wu writes. That trade-off enabled AT&T to suppress messaging and mobile technologies, just as RCA boss David Sarnoff delayed FM radio and stole blueprints from the early pioneers of television, Wu writes. Eventually, disruptive new technologies win financial backing and crack the monopolies, sometimes with government help, as under President Richard Nixon. Then the cycle repeats. Wu distrusts the Comcast-NBC Universal merger, the musical romance of AT&T and Apple (Wu contends their early partnership made them the arbiters of the music business), and the long-term intentions of Google. Wu doesn't call for detailed regulation. He suggests a simple business separation among the owners of content, media systems, and the tools we use to read or watch. That's not what's happening. Yet upstart attempts to challenge the media empires can be found, for example, in North Philadelphia.   Beyond DVDs "Why can't we stream movies from studios to people, right now?" asks Tom Ashley, an Art Institute of Philadelphia graduate and sometime feature director. His new firm, FlixFling, is based at his film-distribution business and soundstage, Invincible Pictures, in a block-long former mail-sorting facility at Fifth and Oxford. Ashley and his staff built Invincible by buying new horror movies, documentaries, and other independent productions cheap, then promoting them through arthouse and multiplex screenings and DVD sales. But the rapid decline in DVD use, as rental, cable, smartphone, and Internet-access services and Netflix made it easier to watch movies online, forced him to look at new ways of reaching fans. "We saw inherent problems with the Netflix model" as it regards customer access, Ashley told me. "Netflix, Comcast, Apple, all these companies, they are very big on digital-rights management issues. They look at controlling the world, instead of opening it up. "There's too many rules, too many restrictions. For example, to use any Xfinity pictures, you have to be a Comcast subscriber. I think it's a narrow approach." Instead, FlixFling offers a "digital locker," streaming access to movies stored on public servers, at a few dollars per view. "We haven't done any marketing, and we've already had 20,000 downloads of our iPhone-iPad [application], and close to 30,000 of our Google Android version," at a few dollars each, "and 6,000 registered pay-as-you-go users," paying a few dollars per movie, Ashley says. Ashley's financial backer is Brad Heffler, an accountant by trade, a sometime Hollywood investor and the founder of Claims Compensation Bureau, a 15-year-old Conshohocken firm that manages class-action lawsuits and other legal records. "Creatively, he's amazing," Heffler says of Ashley. "He needed some business direction. I saw a good fit." Can start-ups such as FlixFling challenge Netflix and the cable and video giants? "Consumers want content when they want it and how they want it - at the lowest price," says Tom Ara, entertainment-industry lawyer at the Los Angeles firm Manatt, Phelps & Phillips L.L.P. He has represented FlixFling in talks with studios. "In the music industry, the record companies resisted, and they found 'resistance is futile,' to quote Star Trek," Ara said. But Wu's book is full of attractive start-ups that were bought, exploited, or suppressed by the giants of each era. If FlixFling works, won't some media imperialist take it over? "I see this as another opportunity to grow a small start-up company into a real player in the industry," Heffler told me. "I anticipate we'll be approached. But our goal right now is to grow it. And get a lot of subscribers, and have a place for independent filmmakers to show movies they can't get out [otherwise]" through today's media empires.   Contact columnist Joseph N. DiStefano at 215-854-5194 or JoeD@phillynews.com.   More Coverage PhillyDeals: Joe DiStefano's regular riff on what drives regional commerce Published: November 15, 2016 — 3:01 AM EST The Philadelphia Inquirer We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Retail › More stores say 'no' to opening on Thanksgiving day Business › The surprising salaries some nonprofit execs are making Real Estate › Resurgent active-adult market means an expanding community in Mantua Make sure you know what cracking that nest egg means Legal advocate helps workers under shadow of criminal records Gizmo Guy: Keep a Guard Up After Iraq, an Army vet endures a rough path to entrepreneurship, including homelessness Naroff: Trump's economic plan fails to help his unhappy base Change is the word being used to explain Donald Trump's surprising victory. But the demand for change arises when people are dissatisfied, and... Sensors, switches, perilous places are the job at TE Connectivity Affordable homes, larger lots draw buyers to Mantua In Pa., facing two big challenges: Opioids, ACA Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Code Enterprise Conference The number of workers joining the gig economy has slowed dramatically, says study Harriet Taylor | @Harri8t Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 9:00 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images People wait to speak with potential employers at a job fair in Hartford, Connecticut. Growth in the number of workers joining the gig economy has slowed and wages for these jobs have declined in the last two years, according to a new study from the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Slowing growth is happening both at companies that let people sell or lease assets — like eBay and Airbnb — as well as ones that connect workers with part-time jobs — like Uber, Lyft or TaskRabbit — the study found. For the average worker, dwindling paychecks are the new reality. "More and more people are coming in but the earnings levels are not growing. It just raises these questions about whether this is really a sustainable marketplace for people," said Laura Greig, director of consumer research at the institute. The study looked at deposits made into the checking accounts of more than 240,000 anonymized customers who made money from online platforms between October 2012 and June 2016. Its findings reinforced those of a report released in February. In 2014, monthly participation in online labor platforms was growing by more than 300 percent year over year. In June 2016, it grew by just 103 percent on an annualized basis, the study found. For most of 2014, growth in participation on other online platforms — those that let people making money by renting or selling things — was more than 100 percent year over year, but flatlined starting in the middle of 2015, said Greig. Overall, in June, less than 1 percent of the customers studied earned money through any sort of online platform company. The study also found huge turnover in this part of the economy: 1 in 6 participants is new every month, on average, and more than half of the people who sign up quit within a year. "There's a ton of churn," said Greig. By comparison, the median length of employment in a traditional job was more than four years in January 2016, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Lower levels of attrition may be attributable to things like benefits and career development opportunities associated with traditional jobs, the study noted. People getting work on these platforms are also getting less money. Average monthly earnings for workers on labor platforms have decreased 6 percent since June 2014. This coincided with cuts by some companies, as they dropped prices to compete for customers and passed along some of those losses to workers. It may also reflect the fact that, on average, workers clocked fewer hours. Earnings varied greatly from city to city, the study found. For example, in June, the average labor platform worker at the top end in New York was $2,447 per month, while in Miami the average monthly worker made just $585 per month. At the same time, fewer new participants are signing up. New workers' earnings dropped from 29 percent in July 2014 to 16 percent in June 2016. New people renting or selling assets dropped from 59 percent to 16 percent over the same period. As the overall job market has improved, the pool of people likely to use online platforms to make money has narrowed, the study found. Unemployed people use these platforms less than employed people, and are more likely to stick at it for over a year. Harriet TaylorCNBC Tech Reporter Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change EBAY --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video U.S. Election Home» News» World U.S. POLITICS Who will Trump pick for his administration? A list of some likely contenders WIN McNAMEE/GETTY IMAGES Rachelle Younglai AND EVAN ANNETT The Globe and Mail Last updated: Friday, Nov. 18, 2016 11:55AM EST Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google Shares Comment s Stay tuned here for the latest updates and background on the reported contenders for America’s top offices and the issues a Trump cabinet will face in office TABLE OF CONTENTS Advisers • Treasury • Commerce • State • CIA director • Trade • Homeland Security • Interior • Defence • Attorney-General • Energy • Environment Loyalty matters to president-elect Donald Trump and the 70-year old reality television star has chosen some of his staunchest supporters to serve in his administration. His first cabinet nominee is Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions for attorney-general. The Republican lawmaker is known for his hardline positions on immigration and was one of few senators to actively campaign on Mr. Trump’s behalf. Mr. Sessions will need to be confirmed by the Senate. Mr. Trump’s more controversial picks – retired general Michael Flynn as national security adviser and anti-establishment conservative Stephen Bannon as chief strategist – do not need Senate approval. Mr. Trump’s other supporters are also expected to land big positions in his administration, including former New York mayor Rudy Giuliani, former House Speaker Newt Gingrich and his former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski. The real estate mogul’s eldest children and his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, are part of the transition team. Mr. Kushner is reportedly trying to figure out how to circumvent federal anti-nepotism laws so that he can serve in his father-in-law’s administration. All cabinet nominations require Senate confirmation and Mr. Trump’s choices may not all win approval. Republicans only control the Senate by two votes and several opposed Mr. Trump during the campaign. Here’s a look at Mr. Trump’s appointees and who may fill the key positions in his White House. White House advisers ALEX WONG/GETTY IMAGES Stephen Bannon: The appointment of Mr. Bannon as Mr. Trump’s chief strategist sounded alarm bells across the political spectrum and among hate-watch groups. The head of the right-wing website Breitbart News has called it “the platform for the alt-right,” or the white nationalist, anti-Semitic movement that supports Mr. Trump. The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors and exposes hate groups, said Mr. Bannon propelled Breitbart to become a white nationalist propaganda mill and called on the Trump team to rescind the hire. The choice of Mr. Bannon appeared to placate Mr. Trump’s anti establishment base. Mr. Bannon is known for ripping into mainstream Republicans such as House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell. Reince Priebus: The Republican National Committee chairman was one of Mr. Trump’s most devoted soldiers. Throughout the campaign, Mr. Priebus took heat from mainstream Republicans for defending Mr. Trump’s actions. Mr. Priebus threatened Republicans who did not fall in line with Mr. Trump and his loyalty earned him the position of chief of staff. Mr. Priebus has ties with long serving Republicans such as House Speaker Paul Ryan, which will help smooth relations between the White House and congressional Republicans. Corey Lewandowski: When Mr. Lewandowski was Mr. Trump’s campaign manager during the primaries, he believed it was best to “let Trump be Trump.” He was eventually fired amid assault allegations and concerns he could not run a national campaign. But Mr. Lewandowski was steadfastly loyal and continued to advise Mr. Trump while being paid by CNN to provide political commentary. Jared Kushner: Mr. Trump’s son-in-law was one of Mr. Trump’s prominent advisers during the campaign and is part of the transition team. He reportedly pushed his father-in-law to choose Mike Pence as his running mate. Mr. Kushner also helped mastermind the campaign’s decision to bring Bill Clinton’s sexual abuse accusers to the second debate, in an effort to shake Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. Michael Flynn: The retired general will serve as Mr. Trump’s national security adviser, a role he played on the campaign. Mr. Flynn was one of the only high-level defence officials to openly support Mr. Trump. He served as the Obama administration’s Defense Intelligence Agency director before being fired in 2014 for what he said was the “stand I took on radical Islamism.” Mr. Flynn’s anti-Muslim rhetoric is reflected in Mr. Trump’s call to ban Muslims from entering the United States. Earlier this year, the retired general tweeted: “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.” His position does not need Senate approval. Trump’s transition team faces setbacks after departure of Mike Rogers President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team suffered its second upheaval in less than a week amid a power struggle to influence the shape of the incoming administration. (Return to table of contents) Treasury Has someone been picked yet? No BRYAN R. SMITH/AFP/GETTY IMAGES Mr. Trump rode to victory on a wave of populism but is considering Wall Street types and a long serving Republican lawmaker for the country’s top economic job. Whoever is picked will help implement tax cuts and fulfill Trump’s campaign promises to create 25-million jobs and save factory jobs that have been lost to globalization. Steven Mnuchin: The hedge fund manager and former Goldman Sachs banker was Mr. Trump’s campaign finance manager, an economic adviser to Mr. Trump, and part of the president-elect’s transition team. Wilbur Ross: The billionaire investor is chairman of Invesco Ltd. subsidiary WL Ross & Co. He and Mr. Ross might also be in the running for the commerce secretary job (see below). Jamie Dimon: The CEO of JPMorgan Chase was one of the few bank heads who emerged from the 2007-09 financial crisis with his reputation relatively intact. His record has since taken a hit amid the bank’s multi-billion-dollar trading loss. Jeb Hensarling: As chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, the Republican lawmaker has repeatedly tried to repeal the massive Dodd-Frank financial regulation law. Mr. Trump’s views on regulation are aligned with the Republican Party, but recently there has been speculation that Mr. Trump only wants to overturn parts of the law. Fed chair’s job complicated by Trump’s victory Economic policies of the president-elect are best described as ‘inflationary,’ making an interest rate increase a near certainty, David Parkinson explains. (for subscribers) (Return to table of contents) Commerce secretary Has someone been picked yet? No ZORAN IVANOVICH/iSTOCKPHOTO The commerce department describes the secretary’s mission as being “the voice of U.S. business within the president’s cabinet,” focusing on job creation and domestic business. Wilbur Ross: The billionaire investor was reported to be in the running in a tweet by billionaire Carl Icahn, who claimed to have just spoken with Mr. Trump. Steven Mnuchin: Mr. Icahn also named Mr. Mnuchin, Mr. Trump’s campaign finance manager and economic adviser, as a possible commerce secretary candidate. (Return to table of contents) Secretary of State Has someone been picked yet? No BRENNAN LINSLEY/ASSOCIATED PRESS The country’s top diplomat will have the tricky job of forging new relations with America’s allies after Mr. Trump questioned whether the U.S. should honour its commitment to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and praised dictators such as North Korea’s Kim Jong-un and Russia’s Vladimir Putin. The state department also has oversight over the Keystone XL pipeline, which the Obama administration rejected. Mr. Trump and Republicans agree the pipeline, which would run from Alberta to Texas once fully completed, should be built. Rudy Giuliani: A former New York mayor and associate attorney-general in Ronald Reagan’s administration, Mr. Giuliani was one of Mr. Trump’s most vocal supporters. But consulting work for foreign governments by his firm, Giuliani Partners, has put him under added scrutiny for the State Department job. The firm helped businesses on behalf of states including Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Venezuela, and Mr. Giuliani also advised TransCanada, which sought to build the controversial Keystone XL pipeline. Newt Gingrich: The former House speaker spent two decades as a lawmaker. After he was forced to resign as speaker in 1998, he dabbled in lobbying, ran a consulting firm and unsuccessfully ran for president. He attached himself to the Trump campaign early on, providing advice and defending the real estate mogul’s actions. John Bolton: A former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Mr. Bolton has years of foreign policy experience, but he has raised eyebrows with some of his hawkish positions, including a 2015 New York Times op-ed in which he advocated bombing Iran to halt the country’s nuclear program. Bob Corker: Republican senator from Tennessee and chairman of the upper chamber’s foreign relations committee. The countries that will gain and lose from Trump's presidency Following a U.S. presidential election that has affected more than just the United States – in both negative and positive ways – some world leaders are scrambling to figure out, what now? Mark MacKinnon explains. (Return to table of contents) CIA director Has someone been picked yet? Yes JASON REED/REUTERS Espionage and cybersecurity played an outsized role in the 2016 election, with Washington blaming Russian hackers for an attack on Democratic National Committee servers and Donald Trump inviting Moscow, apparently in jest, to do more hacking to uncover Hillary Clinton’s e-mails. Mr. Trump faced criticism from former national-security officials during the campaign, and in choosing who to lead America’s intelligence agencies, Mr. Trump faces an uphill battle in winning the security establishment’s trust. Mike Pompeo: On Nov. 18, the Trump transition team announced Mr. Pompeo, a GOP congressman from Kansas, had been offered and accepted the nomination for the CIA directorship. Mr. Pompeo originally backed Marco Rubio for the Republican nomination, but is reportedly close with vice-president-elect Mike Pence. (Return to table of contents) Trade Has someone been picked yet? No DARRYL DYCK/THE CANADIAN PRESS Mr. Trump has blamed the North American free-trade agreement and U.S.-Chinese trade policies for eliminating high paying jobs in the United States. He has vowed to rip up NAFTA and label China a currency manipulator. The president-elect’s position on trade won him the support from working class voters, which in turn helped flip Democratic-leaning states Republican. So far, Canada’s ambassador to the United States has said Canada is open to renegotiating NAFTA. Dan DiMicco: The former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp. has been talked about as a possible trade representative in the Trump administration. TPP seen as doomed after Trump victory Washington’s apparent intent to scrap pact leaves Canada scrambling for options. Observers suggest looking to Asia for deals, Steven Chase explains. (Return to table of contents) Homeland Security Has someone been picked yet? No CHUCK BURTON/ASSOCIATED PRESS This is expected to be one of the key portfolios in the Trump administration. Mr. Trump kicked off his campaign promising to get Mexico to pay for a wall between their two countries. He said he would deport the 11-million undocumented immigrants living in the United States and has said he would ban Muslims from entering the country. However, his position has wavered throughout the campaign. His latest comments called for the deportation or jailing of what he called three million undocumented immigrants with criminal records. Mr. Trump’s supporters have cited illegal immigration as their top issue and they will be watching his administration carefully to ensure he follows through on his promises. David Clarke: The African-American law enforcement veteran made a name for himself by criticizing the Black Lives Matter movement, calling it “Black Lies Matter” and saying the activists would join forces with the Islamic State. During the campaign, the Milwaukee County Sheriff told supporters in a tweet that it was “pitchforks and torches” time. (Return to table of contents) Interior Has someone been picked yet? No KAREN BLEIER/AFP/GETTY IMAGES This department is in charge of the country’s natural resources. Sarah Palin: Resource development and exploration has a friend in Ms. Palin. The former Republican vice-presidential nominee and former Alaskan governor became known for her “drill, baby, drill” motto. Other reported possibilities: Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor; Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil; Harold Hamm, CEO of Continental Resources Inc.; Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors. Campbell Clark: Thanks to Trump, Trudeau’s calculus on climate no longer adds up For all the questions about what Mr. Trump will do as president, one thing is pretty clear: He won’t advance climate change policies. (Return to table of contents) Secretary of defence Has someone been picked yet? No ASSOCIATED PRESS The Trump administration will have to deal with the rise in terrorism at home and abroad. Mr. Trump’s policies to fight terrorism and defeat Islamic State are vague. Initially, Mr. Trump said he knew more about IS than the generals and then said his plan would entail asking the military to devise a plan within 30 days to destroy Islamic State. Part of his plan is to temporarily ban immigration from certain regions that have a “history of exporting terrorism,” though he has not identified the regions. Some reported possibilities: Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush; Jon Kyl, former senator from Arizona; Duncan Hunter, representative from California and member of the House Armed Services Committee; Jim Talent, former Missouri senator who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee; Kelly Ayotte, outgoing senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee. Trump win puts pressure on Ottawa to boost military spending U.S. leaders have tried to nudge Canada to do more in NATO for decades, but the Trump administration may escalate that, Steven Chase explains. (Return to table of contents) Attorney-general Has someone been picked yet? Yes BLUESTOCKING/iSTOCKPHOTO The country’s top lawyer and chief law enforcer will be instrumental in carrying out Mr. Trump’s promises to bring back “law and order” to the country. Mr. Trump also vowed to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Ms. Clinton’s use of a private e-mail server when she served as secretary of state. This raised concerns that Mr. Trump would use the powers of his office to go after his rivals. However, Mr. Trump appears to have softened his position, saying that the Clintons were good people and that he did not want to hurt them. Jeff Sessions: A Trump transition-team official said on Nov. 18 that U.S. Senator Jeff Sessions has accepted Trump’s offer to serve as attorney-general, Reuters reported. The Alabama lawmaker is a member of the judiciary committee and is known for his hardline positions on immigration. Mr. Sessions was one of the few Republican senators to actively campaign on Mr. Trump’s behalf. 'It will be devastating': Women’s rights at risk under Trump presidency Though he has voiced a pro-choice position in the past, his campaign – and the men surrounding him now – has women worrying about the president-elect, Erin Anderssen explains. (Return to table of contents) Energy Has someone been picked yet? No NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION This department is responsible for ensuring the safety of the country’s nuclear weapons. Under previous administrations, the department was also responsible for stopping the spread of nuclear weapons. But Mr. Trump has suggested that the U.S. would benefit if other countries like Japan and South Korea had their own nuclear weapons. Reported possibilities: Harold Hamm, CEO of Continental Resources Inc.; Kevin Cramer, North Dakota congressman; Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors; Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp.; James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to president George W. Bush. (Return to table of contents) Environment NASA Mr. Trump has said he would get rid of the country’s Environmental Protection Agency and has called environmental protection a waste of money. (Return to table of contents) With reports from Reuters and Associated Press Photos: Associated Press, AFP/Getty Images, Reuters, Twitter Follow Rachelle Younglai on Twitter: @rachyounglai MORE FROM THE GLOBE AND MAIL What does the Trump era mean for you? A Canadian survival guide Our primer of the latest news, analysis and opinion on what his presidency could mean for Canada, from protectionism and the economy to pluralism and immigration. Obama on Trump: ‘Reality has a way of asserting itself’ 1:33 David Shribman: The first 100 days, Trump-style Donald Trump has made it clear that he’s determined to be remembered for more than being a businessman-bull in the china shop of the United States capital. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2016 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 444 Front St. W., Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5V 2S9 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: The Best Bank Stocks of 2016 The best bank stocks are up more than 43% in 2016. Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Nov 15, 2016 at 8:31AM Image source: Getty Images Bank stocks are rarely the market's best performers. You probably shouldn't want them to be if you've held them for a long time. The best years typically follow particularly bad years, which is the case for two of 2016's best banks.  So far, 2016 has been especially good for smaller banks, as a popular regional banking index is up about 22% year to date. Some have have done even better. Hancock Holding Company (NASDAQ:HBHC), Chemical Financial Corporation (NASDAQ:CHFC), and Cullen/Frost Bankers (NYSE:CFR) have made the most of 2016. The worst performer of the three is up 43% this year, nearly twice the return of its peer group.  Here's an introduction to 2016's best bank stocks, and why they're flying higher. Banking along the Gulf Hancock Holding Company operates nearly 200 branches along the Gulf of Mexico. In the booming days of domestic oil production, the company's bankers got ahead of themselves, making loans across the energy industry. Energy loans, which made up 13% of its loan book two years ago, now make up just 8.7% of its loan portfolio. It spent the better part of 2016 building up a substantial reserve against loan losses and now carries an allowance that amounts to 8.6% of its energy loans. In other words, it could lose about $0.09 of every dollar deployed in energy loans and take no further hits to its balance sheet. Of course, direct energy exposure is only one slice of the pie. Hancock Holding Company has some indirect energy exposure in the form of commercial real estate loans in Houston. On a recent conference call, management indicated that it felt good about the prospects for getting repaid, noting few ill effects of lower oil prices and rents. The market is increasingly viewing Hancock's problematic energy loans to be a problem of the past. With bolstered reserves and reduced exposure, shares recently topped $38, a level not seen since 2010, gaining nearly 55% this year. Making a mint in Michigan Chemical Financial Corporation operates under the names Chemical Bank (not to be confused with JPMorgan Chase's predecessor) and Talmer Bank and Trust, with 255 branches in Michigan, Ohio, and surrounding areas. It is most competitive in Michigan's smaller towns, including Midland, Clare, and Bay City, areas where it reported having 67%, 43%, and 29% of bank deposit market share, respectively, before a recent acquisition. Chemical Financial is an acquisitive company. It closed on the acquisition of Talmer in the third quarter, which immediately brought the bank to eastern Michigan and Ohio. Two rivals, Huntington Bancshares and FirstMerit Corp., also merged this year, giving the new Huntington Bancshares more branches in the same geographic footprint. On a recent conference call, management noted that it expected one-time costs associated with the merger to taper off through the second quarter of 2017, which would then allow for the combined earnings power to flow through to shareholders. A presentation called for its efficiency ratio -- non-interest expenses as a percentage of revenue -- to be as low as 55% after the integration is complete, which is excellent for a regional bank. Notably, its 2016 performance was compounded by the bank rally following Trump's presidential win. Its post-election gain of 13% tops the others on this list, who saw their shares swell by 10%. In all, shares have gained about 47% year to date in 2016. A Texan titan The rise in Cullen/Frost Bankers' share price has been remarkable, as shares are up nearly 100% from their 2016 low, and about 43% year to date. A true oil bank, Cullen/Frost has seen its share price largely followed the price of oil this year, up and down. The energy businesses that fueled its loan growth are now taking a back seat. Cullen/Frost recently reported that 12% of its loans were to energy-related companies, down from 15.3% in December 2015. Its commercial real estate loan portfolio has some additional worrisome exposure to Houston, amounting to about 8% of total loans. But where loans make up the vast majority of most banks' balance sheets, Cullen/Frost Bankers is an exception. Its loan and securities portfolios are roughly similarly sized, and thus it can afford larger losses on loans than the prototypical bank. Cullen/Frost charged off its biggest losers in the second quarter of 2016, reporting a net charge-off ratio of 0.74% during the period. In the third quarter of 2016, charge-offs fell to 0.17% of loans, closer to its average charge-off rate in periods of high oil prices and economic growth. Management indicated on the second-quarter conference call that it expected charge-offs to normalize through the remainder of the year. So far, they have. A recent regulatory stress test suggested the bank is on solid footing. The test concluded that Cullen/Frost would remain well capitalized -- and profitable -- in a significant economic downturn in which unemployment spikes to 10%, the stock market drops 51%, and commercial real estate prices drop 30%, among other worrisome assumptions. Beefier loan reserves, higher oil prices, and declining charge-off expectations have helped buoy shares this year.   Jordan Wathen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Cullen/Frost Bankers. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jordan Wathen (TMFValueMagnet) Jordan is a value investor who believes incentives matter. Moats, floats, and compelling valuations.   Follow @jwthn   Send Jordan an email Article Info Nov 15, 2016 at 8:31AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $77.71 down $0.31 (-0.40%) Huntington Bancshares NASDAQ:HBAN $12.50 up $0.27 (2.21%) Cullen/Frost Bankers NYSE:CFR $83.18 up $0.10 (0.12%) Hancock Holding NASDAQ:HBHC $40.95 up $0.88 (2.18%) Chemical Financial NASDAQ:CHFC $51.31 up $0.28 (0.55%) Read More Cullen/Frost Bankers Turns the Corner 1 Chart That Shows Why Bank Stocks are Getting Crushed Cullen/Frost Bankers' Q2 Energy Losses Slow: Is the Worst Over? 5 Bank Stocks That Yield More Than 3% This Bank Stock Is Up 70% Since January 10 Most Hated Banks in America Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
null
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Ultimate Stock-Pickers Ultimate Stock-Pickers' Top 10 High-Conviction Picks and New-Money Buys While overall activity for our managers decreased again, we did uncover a few ideas worth considering. PrintCommentRecommend (-) By The Morningstar Ultimate Stock-Pickers Team | 11-15-16 | 06:00 AM | Email Article By Eric Compton | Stock Analyst For the past eight years, our primary goal with the Ultimate Stock-Pickers concept has been to uncover investment ideas that not only reflect the most recent transactions of our grouping of top investment managers but are timely enough for investors to get some value from them. In cross-checking the most current valuation work and opinions of Morningstar's own cadre of stock analysts against the actions (or inactions) of some of the best equity managers in the business (see the full roster here), we hope to uncover a few good ideas each quarter that investors can dig into a bit deeper to see if they warrant a long-term commitment. About the Author Ultimate Stock-Pickers layers Morningstar's own stock recommendations over a cross-section of great investors' stock picks to uncover enticing opportunities. For more, visit the Ultimate Stock-Pickers homepage and sign up for Ultimate Stock-Pickers e-mail alerts. Contact Author | Meet other investing specialists With close to three fourths of our Ultimate Stock-Pickers having reported their holdings for the third quarter of 2016, we have a sense of the stocks that piqued their interest during the period. While the story of the fourth quarter will be how well our top managers positioned their portfolios in the run-up to and aftermath of the election, the story of the third quarter was one where the markets were largely calm (relative to the disruption caused by the Brexit vote in late June). As such, it was no surprise to see the level of buying activity during the most recent period being more tepid than it has been in past periods. In fact, while the number of top managers making new-money purchases did increase slightly during the period, many of the positions that were initiated were small, with no single security seeing more than one fund making a conviction, new-money buy. And as has been the case during the first two quarters of the year, our top managers were net sellers during the most recent period. For those that may not recall, when we look at the buying activity of our Ultimate Stock-Pickers, we focus on both high-conviction purchases and new-money buys. We think of high-conviction purchases as instances where managers have made meaningful additions to their portfolios, as defined by the size of the purchase in relation to the size of the portfolio. We define a new-money buy strictly as an instance where a manager purchases a stock that did not exist in the portfolio in the prior period. New-money buys may be done either with or without conviction, depending on the size of the purchase, and a conviction buy can be a new-money purchase if the holding is new to the portfolio. We also recognize that the decision to purchase any of the securities we are highlighting in this article could have been made as early as the start of July, with the prices paid by our managers being much different from today's trading levels. As such, it is important for investors to assess the current attractiveness of any security mentioned here by checking it against some of the key valuation metrics—like the Morningstar Rating for Stocks and the price/fair value estimate ratio—that are generated regularly by our stock analysts' ongoing research efforts. Looking more closely at the top 10 high-conviction purchases during the third quarter of 2016, the buying activity was again well spread out among different sectors. This time around there were two Financial Services names, two Technology names, and two names each from the Consumer Cyclical and Consumer Defensive sectors. Not too surprisingly, given the track record of our top managers, most of the buying activity during the period was focused on high-quality names with defendable economic moats—exemplified by the greater number of wide- and narrow-moat names in the list of top 10 high-conviction purchases. Top 10 High-Conviction Purchases made by Our Ultimate Stock-Pickers There was also a decent amount of crossover between our two top 10 lists this quarter, with six of the names—wide-moat rated Analog Devices and Walt Disney , narrow-moat rated Danaher and JPMorgan Chase , on top of Walgreens Boots and Ally Financial —present on both lists. Notably, Walt Disney was a new-money name being purchased with conviction by a couple of our top managers. Top 10 New-Money Purchases made by Our Ultimate Stock-Pickers On a separate note, there was a larger number of 2- and 3-star rated names on both lists, no doubt affected somewhat by the post-election rally in the markets. While there is always room for disagreement on the prospects of an individual firm, the fact that the overall buying activity of our top managers continued to decrease (with the group being net sellers once again) and valuations seem to be stretched signals to us that caution is warranted. Keeping this in mind, there were still a few names that caught our eye as being worthy of further consideration by investors. Wide-moat rated Walt Disney was the only 5-star rated stock on our top 10 lists. We highlighted Disney last quarter, noting that  Parnassus Core Equity Investor had initiated a new position in the name with conviction. This past quarter, Parnassus continued to add to its position, making another high-conviction purchase of the name, while two other managers initiated positions. In fact,  Columbia Dividend Income and  American Funds American Mutual both made new money purchases, with the purchase by Columbia Dividend also being a conviction buy. Unfortunately, none of the managers of these funds mentioned Disney in their quarterly commentaries. Disney shares have been in a slump since late 2015. Morningstar analyst Neil Macker believes this sell-off has only created an opportunity for investors and continues to view shares of Disney as undervalued. Critics have consistently underestimated Disney's ability to fully monetize key assets in ways no other competitor can and often with a vision that most only see after the fact. The Pixar acquisition, which many felt was overpriced, turned into a financial and strategic home run. The acquisition of the Marvel franchise has also fared well, and the latest success of the Star Wars franchise, another acquired asset, has proven yet again the power of Disney's brand and varied platforms, which include movies, home video, merchandise, theme parks, and even musicals. In addition to its Disney-branded businesses, the firm also owns powerful media networks, including ESPN and ABC. ESPN is unrivaled in sports television, both in content and profitability, and the channel is a must have for television bundles. With so much going for Disney, it can be hard to see what could go wrong, but there are threats emerging. One major change taking place in the media environment is the switch from cable and traditional distribution networks to over-the-top distribution, where content is offered over the Internet, outside of the formal distribution channels. While this could be problematic in theory, Macker argues that it will be the content owners who still win in the long run. From this viewpoint, Disney is still immensely valuable because of all of the historical content it owns and all of the future content it is likely to produce. While many firms, such as Netflix and Amazon, are producing their own original content, Macker believes Disney's portfolio will still be profitable and quite enviable for years to come. Competition has also been heating up in the sports network arena, with new entrants and pressure on the traditional cable business suggesting the best times may be over. However, Macker argues that ESPN still has the most attractive portfolio of sports rights, and its history of being able to consistently increase fees should allow the channel to retain its position as the dominant sports network. These fee increases should also help cushion any losses of subscribers in the future. Disney recently reported fiscal fourth-quarter results, and while some may view them as disappointing given the firm's 10% decline in its EBITDA, Macker points to fiscal 2018 and beyond, where there should be a very strong slate of films including four Marvel films, three animated movies, and two Star Wars films. ESPN should also benefit from the proliferation of new over-the-top pay TV providers such as DirecTV Now. Macker sees average top-line growth of roughly 5% through 2020, with operating margins improving 80 basis points to 24.8% by 2020. Shares currently trade at a 27% discount to Macker's fair value estimate of $134, with the company expected to buy back $7 billion-$8 billion of stock in the near term. Apple and Twenty-First Century Fox were the only other stocks on our top 10 lists that were appealing from a valuation perspective. We've covered Apple quite a few times in the past, with the shares even catching the attention of the investment managers at wide-moat rated Berkshire Hathaway this year. The stock has appreciated off its since its mid-May lows, gaining 25% through the end of September. Since our last series of articles, Apple reported fiscal fourth-quarter results, and the shares retreated somewhat, but Morningstar analyst Brian Colello has maintained his $133 fair value estimate and positive overall view of the firm. Parnassus Core Equity Investor was one of two managers buying Apple with conviction this quarter, and had the following to say about the firm: Apple had a great [third] quarter, as its stock rose 18.3% to $113.05 from $95.60 and boosted the Fund's return by 58 basis points. The stock moved higher as signs indicated that the recent iPhone 7 launch would beat investor expectations. We continue to admire Apple's competitive position, ability to innovate, and vibrant ecosystem, so we've held onto the stock even as it's moved higher. Colello also likes Apple's competitive positioning, awarding the firm a narrow economic moat, with a positive moat trend. Colello notes that there are minimal switching costs associated with smartphones, as all of these devices can perform most necessary functions—such as placing calls, sending texts, browsing the web, running apps, and so on—but believes that Apple has done a much better job at trying to develop switching costs than many of its peers. He believes that Apple's switching cost advantages arise from its iOS operating system, and appear to be increasing thanks to iCloud and other native services. While many complain that innovation has declined since Tim Cook took over as CEO, Colello believes the firm is still innovating, with the introductions of Apple Pay, Apple Watch, and Apple TV standing out. He also notes that Apple recently held a product launch event that featured substantial upgrades to its Macbook Pro lineup as well as a new TV viewing guide app for the Apple TV box and iOS devices. Colello believes the Mac and TV demonstrations showed that Apple continues to move the ball forward on the integration of hardware and software, with innovation at the company being far from dead. More importantly, Colello sees the firm maintaining the loyalty of its massive iPhone user base. Apple reported fiscal fourth-quarter results last month. The biggest near-term issue Colello saw in the period was the supply constraints around the higher-priced iPhone 7 Plus, which will weigh on gross margins in the near term (and likely contributed to the fall in Apple's stock price post earnings). While the company's current revenue forecast is not indicative of tremendous iPhone unit or revenue growth, Colello's long-term valuation for Apple hinges on a steady iPhone business with repeat device sales made to loyal customers, buffeted by the switching cost advantage provided by the iOS ecosystem. In this context, Apple's results gave Colello confidence that his thesis remains intact. Twenty-First Century Fox had the greatest number of funds buying with conviction during the most recent period, as Yacktman ,  FMI Large Cap , and  Dodge & Cox Stock were all buying shares. Yacktman, which made the highest conviction purchase, and currently has the most exposure to the name among all of our top managers, had the following to say about the firm: We think Fox is significantly undervalued, in part because of underappreciated businesses like Star, which provides nearly 25% of television content in India, equity affiliates that include Fox's 39% ownership of Sky, and non-controlling ownership stakes in Hulu and Endemol Shine. In total, we think Star, Sky, and the other affiliate stakes could represent more than $10 per share of value while contributing only modestly to earnings. After adjusting for our appraisal of these underappreciated assets, we think the core of Fox trades for only 8-9 times earnings. Morningstar analyst Neil Macker believes Twenty-First Century Fox enjoys strong competitive advantages based on its worldwide cable networks and its film and television studios. Just as the ever increasing importance of quality content will benefit Disney in the future, Macker sees it benefitting Fox, which owns robust film franchises and a strong television production studio (producing such prime-time hits as Modern Family, the X-Men movie series, and more). In addition to this, the firm also own Fox News and broadcasting rights for the NFL, college football, and MLB as well as the international cable assets Yacktman highlighted. Macker believes that the combination of an established and growing broadcast network and the ownership of valuable content assets give Fox a wide moat. That said, investors should keep in mind that Fox is heavily dependent on advertising revenue for its network profitability, and the operating leverage of building out and maintaining these networks remains high. While content will continue to be valuable, Fox is also exposed to some of the viewing preference shifts that are taking place, which affect the networks more than pure play content providers. Helping to counteract some of this is Fox's exposure to still expanding emerging and developing markets, like Asia. With the stock trading at a 23% discount to his fair value estimate of $35 per share, Macker believes there is a decent enough margin of safety for investors to consider the name. Among the more fairly valued names that showed up on our top 10 lists this time around, Danaher, Walgreens, and JP Morgan saw some of the highest conviction buying activity, but in each case, it was a single manager making the purchase. For Danaher, the managers at  AMG Managers Montag & Caldwell Growth made a high-conviction, new-money purchase during the period, with Ronald Canakaris having the following to say about the name: A new position was established in Danaher, a provider of professional, medical, industrial, and commercial products and services, typically characterized by strong brand names, innovative technology, and market-leading positions. The company continuously drives revenue and cost improvements utilizing Kaizen business practices and should benefit from accretion from the recently completed acquisition of Pall Corp. The company became more focused on the faster growing healthcare market following the spin-off of Fortive, businesses that were more exposed to industrial end markets. Celgene was increased as we believe the stock was attractively valued, and we expect solid earnings growth. Danaher follows a unique business model for a public company. It is essentially a conglomerate that grows through significant M&A, overhauls the acquired assets using Danaher's management system, and counts on the superiority of that system so that Danaher creates more value from the acquired assets than the previous owners did, all while not overpaying. As one might guess, this strategy relies heavily on the capital allocation and managerial acumen of upper management. Morningstar analyst Michael Waterhouse believes that Danaher has some unique benefits and that a focus on innovation within more niche areas has helped lead to sticky relationships and strong brand reputation. While Danaher competes in many different business lines, after its latest spin-off the firm is more concentrated in healthcare—being a major player in life science, diagnostic, and dental markets. The Kaizen business practices mentioned by Montag & Caldwell refer to a business model developed originally in Japan that focuses on continual improvement. A bet on Danaher is largely a bet on its management and its ability to make wise M&A moves and to better manage the assets it does own as well as those it acquires in the future. Waterhouse believes the shares are slightly overvalued right now and that investors may do better to wait for more attractive prices. Disclosure: Eric Compton has no ownership interests in any of the securities mentioned above. It should also be noted that Morningstar's Institutional Equity Research Service offers research and analyst access to institutional asset managers. Through this service, Morningstar may have a business relationship with fund companies discussed in this report. Our business relationships in no way influence the funds or stocks discussed here. Return to Discuss Securities mentioned in this article Ticker Price($) Change(%) Morningstar Rating Morningstar Analyst Report With Morningstar Analyst reports you can get our expert Buy/Sell opinions on over 3,900 Stock and Funds The Morningstar Ultimate Stock-Pickers Team does not own shares in any of the securities mentioned above. Find out about Morningstar's editorial policies. Video Reports Patience May Pay Off for... More Videos... Most Popular Related News Also in Investing Specialists The Trouble with TIPS (and Some Workarounds)Inflation Accelerates, but It Isn’t the 1970s AgainMorningstar Runs the Numbers8 Questions for RMD SeasonHow Trump Has Changed Inflation Expectations Sponsored Links Sponsor Center Please Wait... 780601 STOCKS USA_ALLY,USA_AMRMX,USA_DODGX,USA_PRBLX,USA_YACKX,USA_MCGIX,USA_FMIHX,USA_LBSAX,USA_BRK.A,USA_WBA,USA_AAPL,USA_DIS,USA_ADI,USA_JPM,USA_DHR,USA_FOX E0_USA_ALLY FO_USA_AMRMX FO_USA_DODGX FO_USA_PRBLX FO_USA_YACKX FO_USA_MCGIX FO_USA_FMIHX FO_USA_LBSAX E0_USA_BRK.A E0_USA_WBA E0_USA_AAPL E0_USA_DIS E0_USA_ADI E0_USA_JPM E0_USA_DHR E0_USA_FOX &primaryKeyword=STOCKS 2 {CommentWebService} Content Partners Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com 360insights Names Tim Rochon CTO as it Launches Consumer Rebates Module for Channel Success Platform™ Former VP of Information Technology at Loblaw Companies to help guide growth of industry-first channel marketing software platform for global consumer brands WHITBY, Ontario–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Unveiling today a new consumer rebate and management module for its Channel Success Platform™ – the world’s first cloud-based sales and marketing incentives software platform – 360insights also announced that it has hired former Loblaw Companies Limited VP of Information Technology Tim Rochon as its Chief Technology Officer (CTO). “With his uniquely powerful combination of business and technology acumen, Tim is the ideal person to lead our future technology vision across an increasing number of market segments,” says 360insights founder and CEO Jason Atkins. “He has a strong track record of leading the vision, development and implementation of customer- and technology-driven innovation.” Rochon is a seasoned information technology and marketing systems manager with more than 20 years of leadership experience in the Canadian retail and financial services sectors, including senior roles at Loblaw, Shoppers Drug Mart, JP Morgan Chase, Sears Canada and CIBC. His role at 360insights is to lead the product development team in its mission to deliver best-in-class, software-based user experiences and business intelligence to the global brands served by 360insights. 360insights, previously known as 360incentives, has grown its business model as a cloud-based channel incentives platform underpinned by a robust state-of-the-art insights analytics engine. Its Channel Success Platform™ shifts the focus from channel program management to channel optimization, delivering for its clients’ higher integrity, data-driven, predictive decisions on where and how they direct their channel marketing spend. Rebates Module The latest development in the 360insights’ Channel Success Platform™ is the enhanced Rebates Module, which enables product manufacturers and marketers who offer promotional rebates to consumers, to deliver the most compelling consumer experience possible with the industry’s best online and mobile claim submission platform. Capitalizing on a multiplicity of consumer touchpoints, the 360insights Rebates Module delivers a transformational rebate experience to consumers and helps marketers increase lifetime customer value by giving them the analytical tools to understand, predict and act on real-world consumer behaviors. The reality is that most consumer rebate programs do not realize their full potential. Customers are often cynical, submissions are cumbersome and the redemption process can be frustrating. Even after the rebate is completed, marketers have no way to measure the results and effectiveness of the promotion. Lost is the opportunity to learn more about the consumer and ensure that the last impression of the brand with them is a good one. “Consumer product companies need to advance their traditional channel marketing practices in order to build brand advocates, make intelligent data-driven decisions and ensure the rebate transaction is a springboard for future brand loyalty, customer retention and increased market share,” Rochon says. “The enhanced Rebates Module we’re launching today enables all that to happen by connecting manufacturers, dealers, sales associates and consumers with a digitized rebate management solution that is seamless, brand-consistent and user-focused from end-to-end,” he says. “It is also the first module enhancement of many more to come that will elevate the value of the Channel Success Platform™.” ABOUT 360insights 360insights.com is the originator of the Channel Success Platform™, the first truly integrated software-as-a-service platform to enable brands to optimize their partner marketing and consumer incentive spend. Based in Whitby, Ontario, the company serves over 100 of the world’s top brands and has expanded to have operations around the USA and UK. In the past year, 360insights has raised over $40 million in private investment capital to accelerate the global growth and adoption of the Channel Success Platform™. With a company culture built around the simple concept of happiness, the company was awarded Employer of the Year honors in the Toronto Region Board of Trade’s 2016 Business Excellence Awards and has been recognized multiple times as one of Canada’s Best Small to Medium Employers. For more information and resources on 360insights.com, please see: http://www.360insights.com/newsroom Contacts 360insights Jason King, 888-665-4927 ext. 159 905-259-8729 mobile @jayking71 twitter or BullsEye Communications David Bosworth, 416-846-3540 david@bullseye-communications.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 15, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Jaguar se electrifica con el I-PACE Concept Car Next Next post: Fundbox Reveals How $825B In Unpaid Invoices Stagnates U.S. Small Businesses Search for: Search Recent Posts Raw Paws All Natural Treats Partners With Amazon via Seller Fulfilled Prime Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Celebrates 7.8 Billion YouTube Music Video Views With Two-minute Commercial During 2016 American Music Awards Tonight (Sunday, November 20) Coast Guard, locals save 6 from boat sinking off New Bedford, MA Statement by Minister Joly on Sir Wilfrid Laurier's 175th Birthday LATICRETE Middle East LLC. Presence Will Be Felt at The Big 5 Dubai 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
null
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets Bond bubble could burst with explosive impact The Guardian @guardianPublished now The Guardian @guardianPublished now                                                                               It remains early days for assessing Donald Trump’s economic plans, not least because of the difficulty in separating the serious policies from the wilder campaigning rhetoric, but the bond market seems clear on the central point: the president-elect intends to cut tax taxes, increase spending and deregulate. Investors know what that cocktail produces. It boosts growth, at least for a while, and it generates inflation. Even famed liberal economist Paul Krugman has switched from predicting an imminent global recession. “Don’t be surprised if economic growth actually accelerates for a couple of years,” he says, because the “dire effects of Trumpism” will take time to become manifest. In the bond market, a mini-rout is under way as yields on government debt climb across the board. US 1o-year Treasuries were yielding 1.35% in the summer and 1.85% on the eve of Trump’s victory; now they are 2.19%, a huge move in such a short space of time. In the UK, the 10-year gilt yield, which fell as low as 0.5% in the same summer lull, is now 1.4%. Related: Global bonds slump as Trump prompts inflation fears A return of more normal yields, encouraged by the prospect of fiscal stimulus and higher rates of growth, is just what the world has been crying out for, many at both ends of the political spectrum would agree. Years of near-zero interest rates and quantitative easing haven’t rebooted the global economy, so try something different. Well, yes, but let’s not pretend that such fiscal medicine is risk-free, especially when taken in the dosage Trump intends. A cut in the business tax rate from 35% to 15%, and $550bn to be spent on new infrastructure, represent crisis-style responses. But, as JP Morgan’s chief global strategist David Kelly argues, the idea that the US is massively underperforming its potential for growth and requires a big fiscal stimulus is wrong. The US economy is at virtual full employment and the federal budget deficit is already rising. Indeed, the US Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimated in September that Trump’s plans for massive personal and corporate tax cuts plus more defence spending would push the US national debt to 105% of GDP by 2026, against 77% currently and 86% assumed for 2026 under current laws. “The truth is, boosting the federal debt to these levels is fiscally reckless,” argues Kelly. The inflationary impact of a spending spree looks likely to be even more severe if the US is simultaneously blocking skilled immigration and imposing 1930s-style trade tariffs around the world. A big boom followed by an almighty bust? That script seems very plausible. Nor should we surprised if there are accidents on the way. In the early days of quantitative easing, central banks used to warn us that the exit from the bond bubble they created would have to be managed carefully because of its capacity to destabilise the financial system. You can understand why they worried: if government debt, supposedly the safest form of asset, is suddenly imposing double-digit losses on holders, there will be consequences. Prepare to see them soon: the bond bubble has been 30 years in the making and it won’t deflate painlessly. William Hill back in the race after failed merger It should not be news that a gambling company is appointing to its board some non-executives with experience of the gambling industry. It is at William Hill, where the boardroom is currently populated by non-specialists, a shortcoming that was cruelly exposed when shareholders shot down the board’s half-baked idea of exploring a £4.6bn merger with Amaya, a Canadian online poker company. John O’Reilly, formerly of Ladbrokes and Coral, and Mark Brooker, former chief operating officer at Betfair, will improve the board’s gambling quota from zero to two. Robin Terrell, a former digital wizard for Tesco, also looks a sensible hire. Gareth Davis, chairman for the past six years, did not explain why the obvious gap in expertise had not been filled previously but he has heard the criticisms and responded, which may quell the calls for his own departure. Full rehabilitation will depend on the two other factors. First, the company needs to avoid further trading upsets while Davis completes his search for a chief executive to relieve Philip Bowman, whose own lack of a gambling background makes him an imperfect candidate. On that front, news that full-year operating profits are still expected to arrive towards the top of a £260m to £280m range gets a tick. The other factor will be evidence that William Hill won’t have its head turned by the next flashy Amaya-style proposal. The new boardroom appointments suggest self-help is indeed the priority again. Good, but the path to this point should not have been so roundabout. This article was written by Nils Pratley, for theguardian.com on Monday 14th November 2016 20.06 Europe/Londonguardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010   And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... The Guardian More articles from The Guardian @guardian Latest news, sport, business, comment, analysis and reviews from the Guardian, the world's leading liberal voice. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Presidential Race Short list of potential Trump administration picks Updated: November 14, 2016 — 9:01 PM EST Facebook icon 284Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Trump demands apology for Pence from 'Hamilton' cast Nov 19 - 5:29 AM Twitter war: Baldwin fires back at Trump's 'SNL' criticism 53 minutes ago Getty Images Secretary of the Interior Sarah Palin? The former Alaska governor is on the short list of potential picks for president-elect Donald Trump's cabinet. by Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell, Reuters Close icon Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell Reuters WASHINGTON, Nov 14 (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump recently announced the first major appointments to his administration but still has many positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative web site Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The selection of Bannon drew sharp criticism from Democrats, who criticized Breitbart News' ties to racist messages. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. SECRETARY OF STATE * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City   TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc   DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona * Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee   ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor * Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya   HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate * Newt Gingrich * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor   HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump   HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump's transition team * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management   ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer, of North Dakota * Robert Grady   INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady   COMMERCE SECRETARY * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate   CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Mike Rogers, Republican former representative from Michigan who chaired the House Intelligence Committee * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former representative from Michigan   NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley   UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, Republican representative from New York   U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp   VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring congressman from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee Published: November 14, 2016 — 11:54 PM EST We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in news Real Time › Twitter war: Baldwin fires back at Trump's 'SNL' criticism News › Foundation's $100M gift major sign of confidence for Kenney Rebuild plan News › Lower Merion apartment boom brings more students, and costly school building plans Father of slain soldier says he was booed trying to make flight to Philly The surprising salaries some nonprofit execs are making ADHD symptoms in females differ from those in males Nerlens Noel talks with Brett Brown about his role To Philly D.A.'s review unit, there are no unjust convictions Roll over, Beethoven: 1973 Orchestra visit to China dodges crisis 6 facts we found buried in our newspaper archives Rocky's rep still solid on Art Museum steps - but elsewhere? Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  21 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News VAT causes split in businesses Peace index ranks BD 3rd in South Asia Fire at city’s Uttara kitchen market NBR may freeze SBC's bank account for VAT non-payment Govt to adjust fuel oil prices after impact assessment of last cut Denmark to give TIB Tk 220m assistance Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail TIME - 12:31 am National Peace index ranks BD 3rd in South Asia Economy VAT causes split in businesses World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police Fire at city’s Uttara kitchen market November 21, 2016, 12:15 am A fire broke out in a kitchen market in the city's Uttara Sector-11 on Sunday afternoon. Fire Service and Civil Defence central control room inspector Mahmudur Rahman said the fire originated from a shop in the kitchen market at around Read more NBR may freeze SBC's bank account for VAT non-payment November 21, 2016, 12:14 am The National Board of Revenue (NBR) is likely to take stern action against Sadharan Bima Corporation (SBC) if it fails to pay its outstanding VAT (Value Added Tax) to the tax authority within a month, officials said. The tax authority may Read more Economy Govt to adjust fuel oil prices after impact assessment of last cut The government would consider fresh adjustment in fuel oil prices after assessing the impact of the last cut on transport fare. "The government wants to see the direct benefits of price cut in the transport sector," State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid told reporters, following a seminar at a city hotel Sunday. "Direct benefits of reduction in fuel price should be reflected in transport fares, but it is not happening," he said, replying to a question. Following a recent meeting with a delegation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF), Finance Minister AMA Muhith had said the prices of fuel Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Armenia sees record increase in exports November 19, 2016, 9:37 pm China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Denmark to give TIB Tk 220m assistance The government of Denmark will provide the Transparency International Bangladesh (TIB) with Tk220 million as financial support to promote its activities to ensure good governance and fight corruption in Bangladesh. The financial assistance will be given to continue the core programme of TIB under the project titled "Building Integrity Blocks for Effective Change (BIBEC)," for the period of 2017-2021. To this effect, Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor Capital’s rail link with north, west remains suspended ACC fails to get stay on lawmaker Bodi's bail Ivy collects nomination form Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts The overuse and misuse of antibiotics are key factors contributing to antibiotic resistance, which eventually is causing harmful impact on human health, health experts on Sunday said, reports BSS. Without doctor's prescription, no one should take antibiotics as its rampant use may increase chances of many diseases in human body, they told the meet the press on "Improve awareness and understanding on antibiotic resistance" in the city. Centre for Injury Prevention and Research, Bangladesh (CIPRB) organised the Meet the Press in the ... ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body Expressing its dissatisfaction over the poor performance in the 'Strengthening Access to Land and Property Rights for All Citizens of Bangladesh' project, the parliamentary standing committee on land ministry Sunday recommended steps for its timely implementation. The meeting was informed that less than 25 per cent work of the pilot project was completed over the past five years. The project was launched in 2011 at a cost of Tk 1.0 billion funded by the European Union (EU). The main objective of the ... JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular Fire at citys Uttara kitchen market November 21, 2016, 12:15 am Govt to adjust fuel oil prices after impact assessment of last cut November 21, 2016, 12:13 am Denmark to give TIB Tk 220m assistance November 21, 2016, 12:12 am Poor performance of executing agency irks JS body November 21, 2016, 12:10 am Misuse of antibiotics causes harmful impact on human health: Experts November 21, 2016, 12:11 am Peace index ranks BD 3rd in South Asia November 21, 2016, 12:16 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Asian Currencies Drop to Seven-Year Low as Dollar Surges: Chart Lilian Karunungan LK_bloomberg November 14, 2016 — 8:00 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp A gauge of emerging Asian currencies is heading for the lowest close since March 2009 as the dollar surged after Donald Trump’s unexpected election victory. The Bloomberg-JPMorgan Asia Dollar Index, which tracks 10 regional currencies, is down 2 percent this year. As recently as August it was up 1.7 percent. Emerging assets have tumbled in the past week as the president-elect is seen unleashing a spending surge, pushing the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Currencies Donald John Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Apple Said to Explore Smart Glasses Lagarde: Global Economy Needs More 'Inclusive' Growth Surprise! Trump May Be Great for Business Model Doutzen Kroes Takes a Stand for Elephants Trump Said Considering Critic Mitt Romney for State The Upside to Donald Trump's Election Win Trump Names Security Team, Sessions for Attorney General Mike Huckabee on Trump Meeting, Sessions Nomination Trump Said to Pick Jeff Sessions for Attorney General President-Elect Trump's Cabinet in the Making Full Show: With All Due Respect (11/17/16) Apple Said to Explore Smart Glasses 8:32 PM EST November 14, 2016 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Apple is said to be weighing an expansion into digital glasses, a risky but potentially lucrative area of wearables. Sources tell Bloomberg that a device is still in an exploration phase and may use augmented reality. Bloomberg's Mark Gurman reports on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Asia." (Source: Bloomberg) Most Recent Videos Facebook and Twitter Scrutinized After Election Lagarde: Trade Policies Need to Pay Attention to People Lagarde: IMF to Ensure China Abides by FX Commitments Lagarde: Global Economy Needs More 'Inclusive' Growth Wells Fargo's Wren: Market Came to Senses After Election November 18, 2016 Full Show: What'd You Miss? (11/17) 31:48 - Full episode of "What'd You Miss?" Guests include: Martin Hegarty, BlackRock portfolio manager, Rep. Maxine Waters, and Peter Tchir, Brean Capital's head of macro strategy. (Source: Bloomberg) November 18, 2016 Full Show: Surveillance (11/17) November 18, 2016 Anticipation, Uncertainty for Energy and Financials November 18, 2016 A Public-Private Path for Trump's Infrastructure Plan Markets Tech Apple Inc Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Wall Street ends flat as financials rise offsets tech drop By The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.03 points, or 0.11 percent, to 18,868.69, the S&P 500 lost 0.25 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,164.2 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 18.72 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,218.40. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » Markets » International Markets Nov 15, 2016, 09.05 AM | Source: Reuters Wall Street ends flat as financials' rise offsets tech drop The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.03 points, or 0.11 percent, to 18,868.69, the S&P 500 lost 0.25 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,164.2 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 18.72 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,218.40. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Wall Street ends flat as financials rise offsets tech drop The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.03 points, or 0.11 percent, to 18,868.69, the S&P 500 lost 0.25 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,164.2 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 18.72 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,218.40. Post Your Comments Share Cancel US stocks closed little changed on Monday after rising dramatically the week before and a decline in the technology sector offset a steep rise in financial stocks as investors bet on higher interest rates. After choppy trading late in the session, the Dow ended at a record high while the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite dipped. "I think all we're doing is trimming our sails a little from the violently positive rally we had post-election results last week," said Mark Luschini, chief investment strategist at Janney Montgomery Scott in Philadelphia. The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite has been under pressure since the November 8 election as investors poured money into sectors such as financials, industrials and energy, which are seen benefiting from President-elect Donald Trump's policies. The financial index rose 2.3 percent, with banks including Bank of America JPMorgan providing the biggest boost. The index has risen 10.8 percent since the election on hopes of deregulation and higher interest rates. While the financial rally gained steam, the S&P technology index closed down 1.7 percent, leading the decliners. The index has fallen 3 percent since the election. Apple fell 2.5 percent and weighed the most on the Nasdaq and the S&P 500, followed by Facebook and Microsoft . Since technology valuations have soared in recent years, investors are switching money to sectors such as banks, which has been relatively cheaper but should now benefit from rising interest rates, said Kim Forrest, senior equity research analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh. Investors have been betting technology will look relatively less attractive if Trump lives up to his promise to review regulation in healthcare and financial sectors and to increase government spending on infrastructure to boost economic growth. "If growth becomes more even and available, we may see a continuation of rotation into lower-valuation, more cyclical businesses and out of high-valuation growth stocks like technology," said James Abate, chief investment officer at Centre Asset Management in New York. The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 21.03 points, or 0.11 percent, to 18,868.69, the S&P 500 lost 0.25 points, or 0.01 percent, to 2,164.2 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 18.72 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,218.40. The U.S. Federal Reserve is widely expected to raise interest rates at its December meeting, with traders pricing in a 91-percent chance, according to CME Group's FedWatch tool. The industrial index finished up 0.4 percent, buoyed by prospects for increased infrastructure outlays. Harman International rose 25.2 percent to USD109.72 after Samsung Electronics announced an USD8 billion deal to buy the company. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.10-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.44-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 82 new 52-week highs and 3 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 423 new highs and 31 new lows. About 10 billion shares changed hands on US exchanges on Monday, far above the 7.7 billion average for the previous 20 sessions. Tags  Wall Street US markets Dow Jones industrial average S&P 500 Nasdaq Composite Alphabet Microsoft Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Wall Street ends flat as financials rise offsets tech drop See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Watch: Funancial Quest's Kolkata Finals Check out: How demonetisation impacts various sectors Get Rich: Investment lessons for young & new investors Indian ADR ends lower; Infosys, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors fall India Cements Q2 net jumps 62% at Rs 62.41 crore Farmer bodies' pre-Budget consultation with FinMin kicks off Demonetisation a bold and gutsy move: USIBC ATMs with no cash continue to trouble customers Farmer bodies want govt to allow old notes for agri input buy See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Short list of potential Trump administration picks By Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell ReutersNovember 15, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share By Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump recently announced the first major appointments to his administration but still has many positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative web site Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The selection of Bannon drew sharp criticism from Democrats, who criticized Breitbart News' ties to racist messages. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. SECRETARY OF STATE * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona * Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor * Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate * Newt Gingrich * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump's transition team * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer, of North Dakota * Robert Grady INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady COMMERCE SECRETARY * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Mike Rogers, Republican former representative from Michigan who chaired the House Intelligence Committee * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former representative from Michigan NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, Republican representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring congressman from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee (Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Clinton's Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes ABC News Mike Pence: I wasn't offended by booing at 'Hamilton' Business Insider Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz The Starbucks "Trump" Cup Is Causing A Ton Of Controversy Delish 3,000 join hands around Green Lake in peaceful protest Q13 FOX Seattle Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Associated Press Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape ABC News Videos Merkel tells party ready to seek fourth term as chancellor AFP Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff 8 Arrested in White Lives Matter Protest Clash Near Texas Capitol ABC News Donald Trump Taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General ABC News Videos Stephen Colbert and John Oliver Talk Trump, Fake News, and Terrible Stand-Up Gigs Yahoo TV Trump touts retired general as potential defense secretary AFP Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Suddenly, Trump Has Three Middle East Crises on His Hands The Fiscal Times Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames PoBoy: Welcome to the presidency as reality show. Don't blame me, I voted for Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 Trump Agrees to Pay $25M to Settle Trump University Lawsuit ABC News Videos First Major Winter Storm of the Season Pummels Midwest and Great Lakes Region Good Morning America Blac Chyna Shows Off Tiny Waist and Bare Stomach Less Than Two Weeks After Giving Birth! Entertainment Tonight Candice Swanepoel Flaunts Her Ample Curves in Cute Snap with Baby Son InStyle Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff Mosul escapees tell about their ordeal AFP Videos Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' ABC News Videos Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Associated Press ‘Saturday Night Live’ Recap: Kristen Wiig Comes Home for Thanksgiving Yahoo TV Trump children's roles blur line between transition, company Associated Press Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff The electoral college and its racist roots Detroit Free Press Remembering Journalist Gwen Ifill ABC News Videos Trump Blasts 'Saturday Night Live' as 'One-Sided Biased Show,' Asks 'Equal Time for Us?' Good Morning America Monaco’s Royal Twins Steal the Show at National Day — and Reveal Their Different Hair Colors People Yale students organize naked celebration just because Dr. Saturday Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Short list of potential Trump administration picks By Reuters Published: 21:06 EST, 14 November 2016 | Updated: 21:06 EST, 14 November 2016 e-mail By Ginger Gibson and Susan Cornwell WASHINGTON, Nov 14 (Reuters) - U.S. President-elect Donald Trump recently announced the first major appointments to his administration but still has many positions to fill ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. Trump announced on Sunday he will hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative web site Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. The selection of Bannon drew sharp criticism from Democrats, who criticized Breitbart News' ties to racist messages. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. SECRETARY OF STATE * Bob Corker, Tennessee senator and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Newt Gingrich, Republican former U.S. House Speaker * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq * Rudy Giuliani, Republican former mayor of New York City TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, Texas Republican congressman and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc DEFENSE SECRETARY * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn, former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency * Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser under President George W. Bush * Jon Kyl, former Republican senator from Arizona * Jeff Sessions, Republican senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing Republican senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Duncan Hunter, Republican congressman from California and early Trump supporter, member of House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former Republican senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Rudy Giuliani * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration * Chris Christie, Republican New Jersey governor * Pam Bondi, Republican Florida Attorney General * Trey Gowdy, Republican congressman from South Carolina who headed the House committee that investigated the 2012 attacks on the U.S. mission in Benghazi, Libya HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Ben Carson, former neurosurgeon and 2016 Republican presidential candidate * Newt Gingrich * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. Republican congressman from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump HEAD OF THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY * Myron Ebell, a climate change skeptic at the libertarian Competitive Enterprise Institute who is overseeing environmental policy on Trump's transition team * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, CEO of Continental Resources Inc * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, CEO of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush * U.S. Representative Kevin Cramer, of North Dakota * Robert Grady INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, Republican former Alaska governor who ran for vice president in 2008 * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm * Robert Grady COMMERCE SECRETARY * Linda McMahon, former world Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Mike Rogers, Republican former representative from Michigan who chaired the House Intelligence Committee * Pete Hoekstra, Republican former representative from Michigan NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Lieutenant General Michael Flynn * Stephen Hadley UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, Republican representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp VETERANS AFFAIRS SECRETARY * Jeff Miller, retiring congressman from Florida and chairman of the Veterans Affairs committee (Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      

Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Regency Centers and Equity One to Merge in $15.6 Billion Transaction By Published: Nov 14, 2016 6:25 p.m. ET Share - Creates Preeminent Shopping Center Owner, Operator, and Developer -- Transaction Expected to be Accretive to Core FFO/Share upon Realization of Expected Operational and Overhead Cost Benefits - JACKSONVILLE, Fla. & NEW YORK, Nov 14, 2016 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Regency Centers Corporation REG, +0.93% (“Regency”) and Equity One, Inc. EQY, +0.61% today announced that they have entered into a definitive merger agreement (“Agreement”) under which Equity One will merge with and into Regency, with Regency continuing as the surviving public company and creating the preeminent shopping center Real Estate Investment Trust (“REIT”). The resulting enterprise will have industry-leading operating, development, redevelopment capacities as well as an unparalleled portfolio of primarily grocery-anchored properties uniquely positioned to sustain growth in net operating income (“NOI”) and create value for all of its stakeholders. The combined company is expected to have a pro forma equity market capitalization of approximately $11.7 billion and a total market capitalization of $15.6 billion, making it the largest REIT by equity value in the shopping center index. “Bringing together these two highly complementary businesses creates a best-in-class platform capable of delivering sustained growth and value creation over the long-term,” said Martin E. “Hap” Stein, Jr., Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Regency. “Shareholders of both companies are poised to benefit from an expanded presence in top metro areas, a higher organic growth profile, expanded development and redevelopment program, and greater tenant diversity. Through this transaction we are creating the nation’s preeminent shopping center REIT with excellent embedded growth potential. Importantly, we expect the transaction to be accretive to core FFO per share while preserving a sector-leading balance sheet, with greater financial flexibility to support growth initiatives.” “This merger will be a transformative event for both companies,” said David Lukes, Chief Executive Officer of Equity One. “The alignment of our respective portfolios, development/redevelopment pipelines, industry-leading operations, and access to a lower cost of capital, opens us to new avenues of growth that will benefit all shareholders. Equity One shareholders are receiving an attractive valuation for the company’s assets, and have the opportunity to participate in the future growth prospects of a powerful new company led by a best-in-class management team.” Under the terms of the Agreement, each share of Equity One common stock will be converted into 0.45 shares of newly issued shares of Regency common stock. On a pro forma basis, following the closing of the transaction, Regency shareholders are expected to own approximately 62 percent of the combined company’s equity, and former Equity One shareholders are expected to own approximately 38 percent. The merger is subject to customary closing conditions, including the approval of both Regency and Equity One shareholders. The parties currently expect the transaction to close during the first quarter or early second quarter of 2017. This strategic transaction was unanimously approved by the Board of Directors of both companies. The merger will create a national portfolio of 429 properties encompassing more than 57 million square feet, including co-investment partnerships, and located primarily in high density in-fill and affluent trade areas. The combination will provide increased penetration within key target areas, broader tenant diversity, and meaningful balance sheet capacity. As a result, the combined company will feature the attributes necessary to deliver consistent NOI growth, along with the capabilities to pursue accretive capital deployment opportunities through disciplined development and intense asset management. Summary of Strategic Benefits The merger of Regency and Equity One uniquely positions the combined company to enhance shareholder value as the preeminent grocery-anchored shopping center REIT: Unparalleled Portfolio of High-Quality Centers: Increased concentration in higher density, in-fill metro areas. The company’s five largest areas of Southern and Northern California; Southeast Florida; New York; and the Washington / Baltimore corridor, which together will represent more than 50 percent of total annualized rent, increases density by more than 30 percent and demographic purchasing power by 15 percent. Enhanced NOI Growth Profile: The high quality of the combined platform provides for significant and sustainable embedded NOI and net asset value growth opportunities. Expanded Value-Creation Opportunities: The combined best-in-class national development, redevelopment, and leasing platform is positioned to produce industry-leading performance. Greater Diversity of High-Quality Tenants: The top 10 tenants of the combined company, which include category-leading grocers and retailers such as Publix, Kroger, Whole Foods, and TJX, will represent approximately 18 percent of total ABR, with no single tenant representing more than approximately three percent. Superior Financial Strength and Flexibility: With enhanced size and scale, the combined company will maintain a conservative balance sheet with the flexibility to pursue compelling investment opportunities. Annualized Operating Cost Savings: The combined company expects to realize approximately $27 million in annual run-rate cost savings by 2018, primarily related to the elimination of duplicative corporate and property-level operating costs. In addition, the combined company expects to realize additional synergies from economies of scale, increased operational efficiencies and its ability to augment an already-talented team. Leadership and Organization Both the Board of Directors of Regency and the Board of Directors of Equity One unanimously approved the transaction. The number of directors on Regency’s Board of Directors will be increased to 12, of which two directors designated by Equity One and one director designated by Gazit-Globe will be appointed to the Regency Board. Mr. Stein will serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the combined company, and Regency’s President and Chief Financial Officer, Lisa Palmer, Executive Vice President of Development, Mac Chandler, and Executive Vice President of Operations, James Thompson, will continue in their respective roles at the combined company. Chaim Katzman, current Chairman of Equity One and Gazit-Globe’s designee on the Regency Board, will serve as non-executive Vice Chairman of the combined company. Gazit-Globe, which owns approximately 34 percent of the outstanding stock of Equity One, has agreed to vote in favor the transaction. John C. Schweitzer will continue to serve in his role as lead director for Regency. Upon completion of the merger, the company’s headquarters will remain in Jacksonville, Florida. The company will retain the Regency name and will continue to trade under the ticker symbol REG (NYSE). Pro Forma Operations and Balance Sheet Both companies own and operate high-quality grocery-anchored shopping centers located in fundamentally strong areas throughout the country. On a pro forma basis, the combined company will have an increased presence in higher-density, in-fill trade areas and enhanced tenant diversification. Given the complementary assets and operations of the two companies, the combined platform has meaningful opportunities for synergies, and margin improvement is expected. The combined company expects to increase cash flow at the property level by marking rents to market rates, realizing contractual rent increases, growing small shop occupancy and re-merchandising. In addition, the combined company is expected to have greater liquidity, a strong investment-grade balance sheet and a well-staggered debt maturity profile supported by long-standing relationships. Dividend Policy and Declaration Each company is expected to continue its ordinary course dividend policy during the pendency of the merger, and will also pay a pro-rated pre-closing dividend, so as to equalize the dividend payment dates and periods for each company. Advisors J.P. Morgan Securities LLC is acting as financial advisor, and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz is acting as legal advisor, to Regency. Barclays is acting as lead financial advisor, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. is acting as co-financial advisor, and Kirkland & Ellis LLP is acting as legal advisor to Equity One. ICR, LLC served as communications advisor for the transaction. Conference Call The companies will host a joint conference call on Monday, November 14, 2016 at 7:00 pm EST to discuss the proposed merger. Participants will include Mr. Stein, Regency’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Ms. Palmer, Regency’s President and Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Lukes, Equity One’s Chief Executive Officer, and Matthew L. Ostrower, Equity One’s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. The conference call-in number is 800-289-0487 (Domestic); or 913-312-0844 (International) or interested parties can join the live webcast of the conference call by accessing the Investor Relations section of each company’s website at www.regencycenters.com or www.equityone.com. A transcript of the call and the conference call replay will be posted when available on the respective companies’ websites under the Investor Relations sections. About Regency Centers Corporation With more than 50 years of experience, Regency is the preeminent national owner, operator and developer of high-quality, grocery anchored neighborhood and community shopping centers. The Company’s portfolio of 307 retail properties encompasses over 42.1 million square feet located in top areas throughout the United States, including co-investment partnerships. Regency has developed 223 shopping centers since 2000, representing an investment at completion of more than $3 billion. Operating as a fully integrated real estate company, Regency is a qualified real estate investment trust that is self-administered and self-managed. About Equity One, Inc. As of September 30, 2016, the company’s portfolio comprised 122 properties, including 98 retail properties and five non-retail properties totaling approximately 12.3 million square feet of gross leasable area, or GLA, 13 development or redevelopment properties with approximately 2.8 million square feet of GLA, and six land parcels. As of September 30, 2016, the company’s retail occupancy excluding developments and redevelopments was 95.4% and included national, regional and local tenants. Additionally, the company had joint venture interests in six retail properties and two office buildings totaling approximately 1.4 million square feet of GLA. To be included in the company’s e-mail distributions for press releases and other company notices, please click here or send contact details to Investor Relations at www.equityone.com. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information The information presented herein may contain forward looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 giving Regency’s and Equity One’s expectations or predictions of future financial or business performance or conditions. Forward-looking statements are typically identified by words such as “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “target,” “estimate,” “continue,” “positions,” “prospects” or “potential,” by future conditional verbs such as “will,” “would,” “should,” “could” or “may”, or by variations of such words or by similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties which change over time. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we assume no duty to update forward-looking statements. As forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties, caution should be exercised against placing undue reliance on such statements. In addition to factors previously disclosed in Regency’s and Equity One’s reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and those identified elsewhere in this communication, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from forward-looking statements and historical performance: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to right of one or both of the parties to terminate the definitive merger agreement between Regency and Equity One; the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against Regency or Equity One; the failure to obtain necessary shareholder approvals or to satisfy any of the other conditions to the transaction on a timely basis or at all; the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the transaction are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the two companies or as a result of changes in the economy and competitive factors in the areas where Regency and Equity One do business; the possibility that the transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities; potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships, including those resulting from the announcement or completion of the transaction; Regency’s ability to complete the acquisition and integration of Equity One successfully or fully realize cost savings and other benefits and other consequences associated with mergers, acquisitions and divestitures; changes in asset quality and credit risk; the potential liability for a failure to meet regulatory requirements, including the maintenance of REIT status; material changes in the dividend rates on securities or the ability to pay dividends on common shares or other securities; potential changes to tax legislation; changes in demand for developed properties; adverse changes in financial condition of joint venture partner(s) or major tenants; risks associated with the acquisition, development, expansion, leasing and management of properties; risks associated with the geographic concentration of Regency or Equity One; risks associated with the industry concentration of tenants; the potential impact of announcement of the proposed transactions or consummation of the proposed transactions on relationships, including with tenants, employees, customers and competitors; significant costs related to uninsured losses, condemnation, or environmental issues; the ability to retain key personnel; and changes in local, national and international financial market, insurance rates and interest rates. Regency and Equity One do not intend, and undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking statement. Important Additional Information Investors and security holders are urged to carefully review and consider each of Regency’s and Equity One’s public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”), including but not limited to their Annual Reports on Form 10-K, their proxy statements, their Current Reports on Form 8-K and their Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The documents filed by Regency with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Regency’s website at www.regencycenters.comor at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from Regency by requesting them in writing to One Independent Drive, Suite 114, Jacksonville, FL 32202, or by telephone at (904) 598-7000. The documents filed by Equity One with the SEC may be obtained free of charge at Equity One’s website at www.equityone.com or at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. These documents may also be obtained free of charge from Equity One by requesting them in writing to 410 Park Avenue, Suite 1220, New York, NY 10022, or by telephone at (212) 796-1760. In connection with the proposed transaction, Regency intends to file a registration statement on Form S-4 with the SEC which will include a joint proxy statement of Equity One and Regency and a prospectus of Regency, and each party will file other documents regarding the proposed transaction with the SEC. Before making any voting or investment decision, investors and security holders of Equity One and Regency are urged to carefully read the entire registration statement and joint proxy statement/prospectus, when they become available, as well as any amendments or supplements to these documents and any other relevant documents filed with the SEC, because they will contain important information about the proposed transaction. A definitive joint proxy statement/prospectus will be sent to the shareholders of each party seeking the required shareholder approval. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus free of charge from the SEC’s website or from Regency or Equity One as described in the paragraphs above. Participants in the Solicitation Regency, Equity One, and certain of their directors and executive officers may be deemed participants in the solicitation of proxies from Regency and Equity One shareholders in connection with the proposed transaction. Information about the directors and executive officers of Regency and their ownership of Regency common stock is set forth in the definitive proxy statement for Regency’s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, as previously filed with the SEC on March 14, 2016. Information about the directors and executive officers of Equity One and their ownership of Equity One common stock is set forth in the definitive proxy statement for Equity One’s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, as previously filed with the SEC on April 1, 2016. Regency and Equity One shareholders may obtain additional information regarding the interests of such participants by reading the registration statement and the joint proxy statement/prospectus when they become available. Free copies of these documents may be obtained as described in the paragraphs above. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20161114006641/en/ SOURCE: Regency Centers Corporation Regency Investors Michael Mas and Patrick Johnson MichaelMas@regencycenters.com, 904-598-7470 PatrickJohnson@regencycenters.com, 904-598-7422 or Equity One Investors Matthew Ostrower mostrower@equityone.com, 212-796-1760 or Regency and Equity One Media ICR Phil Denning and Jason Chudoba Phil.Denning@icrinc.com, 646-277-1258 Jason.Chudoba@icrinc.com, 646-277-1249 Copyright Business Wire 2016 MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Regency Centers Corp. U.S.: NYSE: REG $65.99 +0.61 (+0.93%) Volume 1.1M Open $65.62 High $66.44 Low $65.62 P/E Ratio 79.22 Div Yield 3.03 Market Cap 6.9B Equity One Inc. U.S.: NYSE: EQY $29.46 +0.18 (+0.61%) Volume 1.4M Open $29.39 High $29.71 Low $29.36 P/E Ratio 59.74 Div Yield 2.99 Market Cap 4.3B LatestNews
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Mad Money Video Full Shows Jim Cramer About Mad Money Disclaimer Cramer Remix: Apple's vulnerability under Trump Abigail Stevenson | @A_StevensonCNBC Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 7:05 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters <p>Apple&rsquo;s vulnerability under Trump </p> <p>Jim Cramer discussed how Trump and China could converge on Apple.</p> Apple’s vulnerability under Trump    Monday, 14 Nov 2016 | 7:00 PM ET | 01:12 As the market digested the news of a Donald Trump win and the Dow rally extended to six days, Jim Cramer said investors are now starting to realize there's another negative side to the story. "I smell a trade war. That is what I think this market has become all about," the "Mad Money" host said. Stocks initially rallied last week from the prospects of tax cuts and infrastructure and defense spending. On Monday, however, investors finally realized that President-elect Trump could crack down on trading partners who take advantage of the U.S. market without opening theirs, Cramer said. They are starting to see what it could mean if Trump does more than just talk tough about imports and dumping. Apple shares declined more than 2 percent on Monday, revealing the company's vulnerability to a Trump regime. "Trump has stated repeatedly that Apple should make more products here. Apple might be caught between the proverbial rock and a hard place ... I know the Chinese picked the wrong day to single out Apple," Cramer said. Carlo Allegri | Reuters A ship is unloaded in Miami, Florida. Harman International Industries CEO Dinesh Paliwal told Cramer on Monday that he is thrilled that Samsung Electronics is acquiring the company for $8 billion. "Frankly when we see that the integration of these two companies, when we put it together, this is really dynamite because it's so complimentary," Paliwal said. Shares of Harman skyrocketed 25 percent on the news that Samsung is acquiring the company for $112 per share, a nearly 28 percent premium over where it traded on Friday. It signaled a major push for Samsung into auto-related technology. Moving forward, Paliwal added that he plans to double down in cybersecurity. He believes that the threat has now extended into individuals homes, cars and personal devices. Cyberark Software's CEO Udi Mokady echoed the same sentiment to Cramer on Monday, stating that anything connected to the internet can be hacked. Cyberark is the Israeli cybersecurity company that helps companies to protect administrator and privileged accounts. These are the accounts frequently targeted by hackers with the aim of getting the "keys to the kingdom." Mokady commented on the changing landscape of the cybersecurity industry. "I think in the last couple of years we have seen a change. It's called the post-breach proactive security measure," Mokady said. "We are coming in ahead of time to help secure against these advanced attacks, but we are seeing that the modern day customer is thinking 'OK we will be breached, let's make sure it's contained.'" Ashlee Espinal | CNBC Dinesh Paliwal, Harman International CEO Bank stocks have also rebounded since the presidential election. Cramer noted that all of the signals were there for investors to buy the banks, starting when JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon purchased 500,000 shares in the open market for $26.6 million on Feb. 11. With JPMorgan closing at $79 on Monday, those shares are worth nearly $40 million. "Maybe Dimon was lucky. Maybe he's just good. Either way, he's obviously still optimistic about JPMorgan, or else he would have taken up Trump on his offer to be Treasury secretary," Cramer said. After years of outperformance, the stock of CVS Health suffered a 10-point straight decline last week, leading Jim Cramer to wonder if it is a broken company or merely a broken stock. "CVS has gone from a market darling to a total dog, as its once-vaunted pharmacy benefit manager business has become an albatross around its neck and the company loses share to its rivals," Cramer said. Shares of CVS tripled from the summer of 2011 to the summer of 2015, but then fell into free-fall. They closed at $76 on Monday. The business includes both its 7,800 retail pharmacies, and its pharmacy benefit manager (PBM) segments. "Maybe they can turn things around, but for now, CVS remains in the penalty box until we see them take concrete steps to lessen their dependence on what was once the golden goose, now just a turkey headed for a carving," Cramer said. In the Lightning Round, Cramer gave his take on a few caller favorite stocks: American Tower: "There was a piece out today that Sprint might merge with T-Mobile and everybody decided to dump on American Tower. My thinking is when you get this kind of a move, you've got to wait until tomorrow mid-day because there are so many sellers out there." AmSurg Corp: "This group is under pressure. Everything is so in flux in healthcare because of the new President that we just have to be on the sidelines. It's tough, because it looks so inexpensive. But sidelines is where we have to be." Abigail StevensonDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change AMT --- CVS --- HAR --- AAPL --- CYBR --- JPM --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Cramer's New Book
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer View text version of this page Help using this website - Accessibility statement Menu Canberra Times Business Login Sign-up Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Become a Canberra Times member today Join today and you can easily save your favourite articles, join in the conversation and comment, plus select which news your want direct to your inbox. Create your account now! Home News Sport Business Public Service World Politics Comment Property Entertainment Lifestyle Cars Travel Tech Video All News ACT News ACT Election 2016 National Environment Health Education Good Weekend NSW News Victoria News Queensland WA News Sport ACT Sport NRL Union AFL Cricket Racing Soccer Golf Basketball Cycling Motorsport Tennis Scores Athletics Swimming Boxing Sailing Netball Fitz Files Business News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Business News Opinion Video Cartoons The Pulse Federal Election 2016 Your Vote Electorate Map Letters Editorials Obituaries View from the Street John Birmingham Satire Movies Music TV & Radio TV Guide Art Books Stage Video News & Views Life & Relationships Health & Wellbeing Beauty Fashion Celebrity Home The Optimist News Security Web Culture Innovation Science Games Gadgets on the Go Smartphone Apps Mobiles News Sport Business Entertainment Lifestyle Travel Property Cars Food Exec Style Parenting Search Site News & Views Markets Quotes Workplace Consumer Property Innovation Retail Economy CBD Money Small Biz Indices Market Movers Sectors Currencies Live 52 Week Highs 52 Week Lows Floats & IPOs Home Business Markets Live Live Save Print Markets Live: Telstra leads ASX rebound Patrick Commins and Jens Meyer facebook SHARE twitter TWEET email google-plus linkedin reddit More Shares recover from early losses, led up by a rally in Telstra, while a surprise surge in full-time jobs keeps the unemployment rate steady, but the Aussie dollar slips. Jobless rate stays 5.6% despite fewer jobs created than expected and fall in participation rate Isentia shares slump the most on record after shocking investors with a profit warning Telstra rebounds after flagging $1b in cost savings, and as bond proxies rebound Energy stocks are among the biggest losers of the day after oil prices slipped again Live updates Sort posts by Newest Oldest 4:33pm on 17 Nov 2016 Shares lurched higher in a quiet trading session as the frantic "Trump trades" that shook up financial markets over the past week faded further. The S&P/ASX 200 index ended the day 0.2 per cent higher at 5338.5, after sliding as much as 0.8 per cent in early trade following losses on Wall Street. Battered yield-sensitive bond proxies such as Telstra and Transurban, which had been sold off on speculation that ambitious stimulus plans by a Trump administration would lift inflation, were among the winners of the day as global bond markets continued to recover. The yield on Australia's benchmark 10-year bond fell further to 2.574 per cent, from the 10-month high of 2.737 per cent it had struck on Tuesday (bond yields and prices move in opposite direction), but traders doubted the bond recovery rally would last much longer. "The momentum is clearly in favour of rising (bond) yields and a continued sell-off for bond proxies, so this is likely only a short-term reprieve for distressed investors in these stocks," said Atlantic Pacific Securities advisor Gary Huxtable. Still, on Wednesday bond proxies enjoyed their moment in the spotlight, with Transurban rising 2.5 per cent, Duet Group up 2.25 per cent and Westfield gaining 1.4 per cent. Telstra provided the biggest tailwind for the benchmark index, rising 2. per cent after the telco reaffirmed its earnings guidance and flagged $1 billion in cost cuts over the next four years. The energy sector was the biggest loser after oil prices dropped, while banks were also sold off following drops in the sector on Wall Street. US banks had been among the biggest winners since the US election on hopes President-elect Donald Trump would axe regulation. There was still real uncertainty as to what a Trump administration and its plans meant for bonds, equites, interest rates, said Bell Potter's director of institutional sales and trading, Richard Coppleson. "Look plenty are bearish - I'm not. I still see markets a lot higher in six weeks," Mr Coppleson said, noting that he still expects a 5 per cent rally in the ASX before the year ends. Mr Coppleson predicted the rally would be driven by the heavyweights of the market, which until a few months ago had been laggards. "Not many have noticed, but the top 20 have been seeing flows out of ASX 200 stocks and out of small caps," he said, adding that the blue chips had been quietly outperforming since September. 4:15pm on 17 Nov 2016 Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has said he does not have to accept gains in Japanese government bond yields simply because US Treasury yields are rising. Ten-year Japanese sovereign yields turned positive this week for the first time since Sept. 21, when the Bank of Japan announced a shift in policy aimed at pegging them near zero per cent. Kuroda added the option of holding purchase operations at fixed rates with no set amount to his toolkit following that decision. The selloff in Japanese bonds had threatened to test Kuroda's determination to keep yields stable with unlimited debt purchases -- a weapon he had so far kept in reserve. He had said in September that the bank would hold unlimited purchases as needed, setting a fixed rate, in order to control yields. Kuroda, speaking to the upper house financial affairs committee, also said the BOJ could raise or lower its target for 10-year government bond yields depending on economic conditions. The governor spoke after the BOJ launched its first fixed-rate debt purchasing operation to bring down bond yields. Haruhiko Kuroda, governor of the Bank of Japan. Photo: Akio Kon 4:13pm on 17 Nov 2016 One of Australia's most renowned investors has branded US President-elect Donald Trump's pledge to Make America Great Again, as "vacuous" and "frightening" in the context of China's rising economic might.   "This very Western-centric take on the world is frightening to me because it is so naive in the context of the rebalancing of world economic might," Kerr Neilson, the founder of $23 billion Platinum Asset Management said of Trump's jingoistic campaign slogan.   "The folk who voted for Brexit, who voted for the right wing in America, are disenchanted and angry and we heard today about the remuneration payments here, I have a very clear understanding of that, but we are in a competitive world," he said at Platinum's AGM.   "When we have these vacuous phrases like 'Make America Great Again', it's completely out of any economic or historic context. America has been great because it had the world to itself. "We now have three, four billion people in Asia who are tuned in because of mobile phones, TV, you name it, video. They're saying 'well why can't we have what others have?' So what are their leaders to do?" Neilson said that China "absolutely smashes America" when measured by physical goods, producing more motor cars, eight times more steel and ten times more cement. "We're just comatose. We have no idea, particularly in the West, what's really changing. So we have all this debate, that's the politicians' hard sell. You can no longer make these silly promises and say 'we've got to be more equitable'.  "Sure, it's a great idea, but in fact the place we're competing against, these other teams...they play a very hard game. It's no good complaining about the referee"  Kerr Neilson: 'We have no idea, particularly in the West, what's really changing.' Photo: Louie Douvis 3:38pm on 17 Nov 2016 Photo: Citi Male underemployment exposes the soft underbelly of the labour market, Citi economists reckon. The adjacent chart essentially tells the story: since around late 2010, the male participation rate began dropping sharply. But the trend has accelerated in the past 12 months. The Citi team point out that the participation rate and employment to population ratio are both "low", belying the upbeat unemployment rate of 5.6 per cent revealed in this morning's monthly ABS jobs data. But they say the declining trend in male labour force participation is "of particular concern". [Falling male participation] most probably reflects to some extent the weakness in male full-time employment, which is down 46,000 in the past 12 months despite a rise this month. At least some of the drivers of this decline are structural as even in NSW, with the healthiest labour market, there has been a fall in male full-time employment. Underemployment rates for males have been rising over the past few years, with a total increase in the past four years of almost 2% points (from 5.3% to 7.2%). They sum up: "Overall, this week's data by themselves won't change the RBA's assessment about the economic and inflation outlook, but they do keep alive some risk that more easing may be likely next year, even if this isn't the central case. Market pricing of around 5bp of cuts by mid next year [implying a 20 per cent chance of a cut] seems reasonable. 3:20pm on 17 Nov 2016 Gold steadied as a rally in the US dollar showed signs of fatigue after the currency hit its highest in nearly 14 years against a basket of currencies the day before. Spot gold is up 0.2 per cent at $US1227.25 an ounce, after dropping 0.25 per cent in the previous session. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of major currencies, slipped 0.12 per cent to 100.290. The index climbed to 100.57 on Wednesday, which was its highest since April 2003, after a week-long rally mainly driven by the post-election surge in US bond yields as traders bet the Trump administration will adopt inflationary policies. "The US dollar was higher and gold was sold. Now, the dollar has given away gains and gold is steady," said Yuichi Ikemizu, head of commodity trading at Standard Bank in Tokyo. "It has found a bottom around $US1220 and looks firm." "We need something for gold to follow. At this moment there is nothing supporting movement and investors are sidelined," Ikemizu added. Gold seems to have found a bottom at $US1220 an ounce. Photo: AFR Back to top 2:55pm on 17 Nov 2016 Isentia shares have slumped the most on record after the market intelligence company shocked investors with a profit warning. The stock is down 22 per cent to $2.53 after Isentia said first-half earnings before tax (EBITDA) are expected to be lower than last year's and full-year revenue and EBITDA will likely grow in the "high single-digit" range. The company said that "due to decisions made in regards to strategy, new business development and client retention in FY17", the company's content marketing unit would report an overall loss. Analysts had been mostly upbeat about the stock, with five rating it a 'buy' and one a 'hold', as well as an average price target of $4.18, but expect some revisions over the following days. 2:40pm on 17 Nov 2016 Local shares have recovered from early losses to rise marginally, led by gains in telecom stocks, while financial and energy shares lost ground tracking losses in the US financial sector overnight and lower global oil prices. "What's holding the market a little up - as it looked to open a lot lower - has been Telstra's reaffirmation of guidance," said James McGlew, executive director of corporate stockbroking at Argonaut. Telstra rose as much as 3 per cent, its biggest intraday percentage gain in nearly five months, after the company reaffirmed its guidance for FY2017 and said it would cut core fixed costs by over $1 billion by FY2021. Shares are currently 2.1 per cent. Overnight in the US, the S&P financial sector index dropped 1.4 per cent, ending a seven-day rally, as investors search for clarity on how much of Trump's campaign promises will become a reality. "We (Australian stocks) have been following the sentiment on Wall Street since Trump's victory in the US election, but have finally taken a breather," McGlew said. Westpac and ANZ are the two biggest losers among the big four, slipping 0.7 pre cent and 0.4 per cent respectively. Energy stocks fell as global oil prices eased overnight and in early Asian trade. Woodside Petroleum has lost 2.3 per cent. Other regional markets are trading flat to slightly lower, with the Nikkei in Japan flat, then Hang Seng in Hong Kong down 0.1 per cent and the Shanghai Composite losing 0.4 per cent. "The lack of volatility we've seen in global markets over the last few days is a complete contrast to the events of last week," said Gary Huxtable, client advisor at Atlantic Pacific Securities in Australia. "And it appears there is still much divisiveness from investors on what direction markets head to from here, and how the new US political landscape will affect equity markets," he added Shares in the big four are tracking developments on Wall Street. Photo: Joe Armao 1:55pm on 17 Nov 2016 Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen will probably be quizzed about how President-elect Donald Trump's fiscal policies might affect the economic outlook and path for rate increases when she gives congressional testimony tonight. Don't expect a clear answer. Almost every Fed official who spoke publicly so far this week -- a list that includes nine of the 17 regional bank presidents and Fed governors -- has been asked how tax cuts or fiscal stimulus under Trump could affect the outlook. All have said they're unsure because it's not yet obvious which policies will be pursued and enacted. Several have indicated that expansionary fiscal policy could give the Fed more scope to increase rates. While there's growing confidence in a rate hike in December, Yellen may not be able to give the bicameral Joint Economic Committee in Washington many additional details on the more distant path for monetary policy. The future is loaded with more than the usual amount of hypotheticals that could alter the central bank's economic forecasts and rate-hiking speed. "She'll continue to beat the drum as far as the Fed's current outlook goes," said Sam Bullard, senior economist at Wells Fargo Securities. "It'll be interesting just to hear about the outlook given the political shift in landscape" but "I doubt seriously that they're going to go too far out in making direct commentary on that until there's greater clarity." Federal funds futures markets indicate a 94 per cent chance that the Fed will increase rates by 25 basis points at its December meeting. On Tuesday, Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo -- who historically has supported maintaining easy policy to help pull workers back into the labor market -- said there's now a stronger case for talking about hiking to avoid overheating, adding his to the chorus of voices signalling that an increase has become more imminent. While the December outlook seems fairly set, barring any major economic surprises, what will happen in 2017 is far less certain. The Fed will have to take a look at how fiscal policy changes. "We have to take into account what potential changes would happen in policy that would affect our behaviour," Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said in Philadelphia Wednesday. He didn't speak on Trump's specific proposals, but said smart tax and other fiscal policies could be important to stimulate growth. "Monetary policy is very limited in what we can do to move an economy forward." Janet Yellen, chair of the US Federal Reserve,will testify to Congress tonight. Photo: Pete Marovich 1:35pm on 17 Nov 2016 BHP Billiton chief executive Andrew Mackenzie says he hopes Donald Trump does not walk away from the agreement reached at last year's climate conference in Paris. Speaking to shareholders in Brisbane, Mackenzie said it was crucial to have the US and China aligned on a climate change response. "We do welcome, to be clear at the outset, the agreement that was forged at COP21, we do hope that President Trump doesn't actually tear up the agreement of the United States to support that and also the very strong bond that President Obama and XiJinping forged on that because we see this is a strong foundation for future action," he said. The comments come despite the fact that BHP shares have rallied in the days since Trump was elected to the presidency, based on perceptions that raw materials producers will benefit from Trump's planned infrastructure program in the US, and his support for the coal industry. Mackenzie is also a passionate advocate for global free trade, which could put him on a collision course with Trump's plans to impose tariffs on Chinese imports and his general hostility toward globalisation. BHP has long accepted that human actions are exacerbating climate change and that work to reduce that impact must be taken, but the company also believes fossil fuels will have a role to play in global energy supply for a long time, particularly to the developing world. The company is investing in carbon capture and storage technology in Australia, Canada and China, with the latter focusing on ways to capture and store greenhouse gas emissions from steel mills. BHP hopes Donald Trump will stick to the Paris climate deal. Photo: Jim Cole 1:10pm on 17 Nov 2016 Here are some economist reactions to yet another month of wild jobs data: Tom Kennedy, JPMorgan: Overall, today's release only confirms the view that the unemployment rate is overstating the strength in the labour market, with alternative measures of spare capacity, such as the composition of employment, the employment to population ratio and hours worked, all still soft. For the RBA, mixed outcomes in today's data won't do much to resolve the uncertainty around the true extent of excess capacity in the labour market. However, this week's soft wages data are certainly one piece of evidence which suggest that recent labour market data should probably be interpreted in a less optimistic fashion. Annette Beacher, TD: The RBA is unlikely to interpret ... the unemployment rate as a sign of labour market strength.  As we said after yesterday's wages update, the Bank is focused on underemployment via a lack of hours worked. Employment growth in recent years has been skewed towards services (health care, the public service and the leisure sector) while heavy industry jobs (mining, manufacturing) are still being lost.  These trends have raised concerns within the RBA, where the 4 November Statement of Monetary Policy mentioned "underemployment" 14 times, a measure of excess capacity in the labour market where (especially male) employees would like to work more hours.  Scott Haslem, UBS: Today's modest 10k rebound in jobs, underpinned by a pick-up in full-time (42k), does little to hide a loss of momentum over recent months. Jobs growth has halved since mid-year to about 1 per cent, with significant spare capacity reflected in this week's new record low pace of wages growth. Pleasingly, there are early signs of a lift in hours-worked, a help to household income. While the mixed jobs market lowers the hurdle for an RBA cut were core inflation to lurch below 1.5 per cent (per annum) next year, we continue to see new RBA Gov. Lowe playing the 'long game', keeping rates steady, given much improved medium-term growth drivers such as rising commodities & public capex. Rahul Bajoria, Barclays: Today's report, while marginally positive given the strong gain in full-time jobs, continues to highlight the continuing divergence between full-time and part-time job creation. This has resulted in low wage growth, as year to date, full-time employment has fallen 89.9k, while part-time employment has risen 133k, resulting in an increase in total employment of only 43.1k jobs YTD. Forward-looking indicators (ANZ job ads, NAB business survey) show some signs of improvement. These indicators point to the resilience of Australia's job market into year-end, and if this trend holds up, we expect full-time job gains to outperform part-time gains in coming months.  Craig James, CommSec: The big news in the latest month is a big lift in the number of hours worked, in line with more full-time jobs created. And the jobless rate continues to fall to fresh 3½-year lows. More people in jobs and more people confident about their job status mean more spending and borrowing. Remember that the Reserve Bank Governor indicated that 'full employment' was consistent with a jobless rate near 5 per cent. The national jobless rate is below 5.6 per cent and the NSW jobless rate is 4.9 per cent. Kate Hickie, Capital Economics: We suspect that there is still a significant amount of spare capacity in the labour market. As such, despite the recent surge in key commodity exports and probable rise in national income, we still expect that wage growth will probably remain subdued for some time yet. Overall, alongside yesterday's news that wage growth fell to an all-time low, October's employment data are unlikely to allay the RBA's concerns about the strength of the labour market. Back to top 1:02pm on 17 Nov 2016 The number of merger and acquisitions in Australia is set to fall in the first quarter of 2017, according to a report by dataroom company Intralinks. Its deal flow predictor report, said early-stage M&A activity will decrease in Australia by 3 per cent year-over-year, suggesting a drop in announced deals in the first three months of 2017 compared to the same period this year.   Intralinks attributes the much of the contraction in Australia to the "sharp decline" in M&A activity in metals and mining. The report said the number of announced Australian metals and mining deals fell by 25 per cent in the first nine months of 2016, compared to the same period in 2015.  The Intralinks report also suggested that the global number of announced deals in 2016 would be around 3 per cent higher than 2015. That would make 2016 the new peak for the number of global deal announcements, surpassing the previous high in 2007. The takeover of AusGrid by AustralianSuper and IFM Investors is this year's largest deal. Photo: Bloomberg 12:37pm on 17 Nov 2016 Building products supplier James Hardie has downgraded expectations for its full-year adjusted net operating profit, saying production constraints are affecting its ability to meet US demand. James Hardie this morning noted that analysts' forecasts for net operating profit excluding asbestos-related adjustments for the year ending March 31, 2017, ranged from $US256 million to $US285 million. But company management expects full-year adjusted net operating profit to be between $US250 million and $US270 million. The comparable adjusted net operating profit for fiscal 2016 was $US242.9 million. Chief financial officer Matt Marsh said in a briefing for market analysts that James Hardie was taking steps to increase manufacturing capacity to meet strong demand now and in the future. Marsh said the downgrade was driven by a combination of start-up costs and the company not being able to ship everything it had orders for. James Hardie chief executive Louis Gries said it would be another two or three quarters to get James Hardie's manufacturing network up to targeted performance levels. The company said its expects the US housing market to grow steadily in fiscal 2017, but market conditions were uncertain and some input costs were volatile. Shares initially tanked as much as 4.4 per cent but have since come back and are currently 1.7 per cent higher at $19.81. James Hardie has trimmed profit guidance over uncertainties in the US market. Photo: Bloomberg 12:18pm on 17 Nov 2016 Telstra investors pinning their hopes on today's investor day being the catalyst for a share price revival will be disappointed, the AFR's Chanticleer columnist Tony Boyd writes: While it is clearly positive for the stock that chief executive Andy Penn is moving aggressively to fill the $2 billion to $3 billion hole in earnings in 2020 caused by the NBN there is no tangible trigger for an earnings uplift in the short term. It is possible that Telstra will use excess cash flow to fund a buyback but there will be no clarity about that until February next year. Penn has stuck to his existing earnings guidance for fiscal 2017 which is for mid to high-single digit income growth, low to mid-single digit growth in earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation, an 18 per cent capital expenditure to sales ratio and free cash flow of $3.5 billion to $4 billion. In other words, Telstra shares will continue to trade on their dividend yield. At the current share price, the Telstra dividend yield is 6.56 per cent or 9.4 per cent when grossed up for dividend imputation credits. The stock has suffered from a shift in investor preference in favour of growth stocks, a decline in the obsession for yield plays, nervousness that Penn would blow up $1 billion in an Asian consumer market expansion and longer-term concerns about the NBN earnings hole. Here's more at the AFR Telstra shares are up nearly 2 per cent today, as the market reverses some of the trades of the past sessions, which included selling down yield-sensitive stocks. The shares have fallen 14 per cent this year and are down 20 per cent from the record high of $5.95 struck in July last year. Investors hoping for more growth in Telstra are likely to be disappointed.  Photo: Louie Douvis 11:46am on 17 Nov 2016 Here are a few reactions on Twitter to the jobs numbers. The general sense is take the data with a grain of salt: AUD/USD pop higher on 5.6% u/e rate reverses on 11yr low in part rate, -20k in jobs revisions. Trend emp -ve for first time since 2013— Sean Callow (@seandcallow) November 17, 2016 Slightly weaker jobs number but once again ABS numbers volatile. Is this really a reliable number for RBA decisions? Think not.. AUD rises— Marcus Padley (@Marcus_Today) November 17, 2016 Since the July election, employment down 25,600 when working age population up 71,800. So much for jobs & growth. Hopeless #auspol— Stephen Koukoulas (@TheKouk) November 17, 2016 ABS data makes the da Vinci code look easy— Con Michalakis (@MichalakisCon) November 17, 2016 Ft work up 41,500 - embarrassing all those who have spent the last month lamenting the lack of such jobs... who believes these #s anyway?— Jacob Greber (@jacobgreber) November 17, 2016 Employment growth is catching up (or more correctly slowing down) to the growth of hours worked pic.twitter.com/2NxJhyNtHK— Greg Jericho (@GrogsGamut) November 17, 2016 11:38am on 17 Nov 2016 The ABS has reported a big jump in new full-time jobs in October, but weaker than expected overall growth in roles and a drop in the participation rate may sour the data for economists. The unemployment rate was steady at 5.6 per cent as 41,500 new full-time jobs were added, offset by a 31,700 drop in part-time roles. In September it was the reverse: full-time employment fell by 74,300 and part-time grew 45,300. In an added twist to what looks like a messy set of number, the ABS revised both those last figures from 53,000 and 43,200, respectively.  All up there were 9800 jobs added, equalling the previous month's fall. Economists, however, had been expecting 16,000 new jobs. The participation rate at 64.4 per cent came in below the consensus forecast, as economists had been expecting the participation rate to climb to 64.6 per cent. The Aussie dollar has weakened slightly to where it started the day - at 74.8 US cents.Back to top 11:17am on 17 Nov 2016 Billionaire bond investor Bill Gross says "populist" President-elect Donald Trump will fail to deliver a bull market in equities and that the savage global sell off in bonds will now likely "plateau". Gross lamented the election of Trump, arguing that his tax cutting policies will hurt low-wage Americans who let him "sneak in the side door" at the presidential election last week. "The Trumpian Fox has entered the Populist Henhouse, not so much by stealth but as a result of Middle America's misinterpretation of what will make America great again," Gross wrote in his monthly letter to clients. Markets are betting Trump's plan for about $US5 trillion in tax cuts and infrastructure spending over the next five years would revive inflation and force interest rates higher. However, Gross said structural headwinds from the ageing population would prevent US economic growth returning to the 3-4 per cent range – the low end of Trump's pledge. Gross argued that while lower taxes could result in increased spending in the economy, the higher budget deficits that are expected to result from the tax cuts will also push interest rates and prices higher, leading companies to pay more for their goods and investments. That in turn would cut into earnings and price-to-earnings ratios, while Trump's policies on immigration and free trade would limit the economy's growth. It's a one-two economic knockout, according to Gross. In the bond market, Gross said that buyers of zero-yielding Japanese bonds would make an "easy switch" to higher yielding 10-year US Treasury bonds and that aggressive bond buying by central banks in Japan, Europe and the United Kingdom would keep a lid on sovereign bond yields. "Central banks are buying at $US180 billion a month and that's pretty heavy fire power," Gross said. "I think the Trumpian force and the force from central banks will neutralise each other at this level." Continued bond buying by global central banks will keep a cap on yields, Bill Gross says. Photo: Simon Dawson 10:43am on 17 Nov 2016 Cash has begun to move again, as investors bet global growth and corporate profits will rise, while inflation expectations surge to a 12-year high, according to this month's fund manager survey conducted by Bank of America Merril Lynch. Geopolitical, deflationary and slow growth woes have dominated headlines so far this year, prompting investors to hoard record stockpiles of cash, but Donald Trump's surprise victory in the United States has been seen as "unambiguously positive" for nominal GDP and cash levels have dropped from 5.8 per cent in October to 5 per cent in November.  The survey was conducted just after the US presidential election results were known and probed the holdings of 177 global fund managers with $US456 billion under management. A pickup in inflation expectations may be the signal the US Federal Reserve needs to resume raising interest rates, with the market currently pricing in a 94 per cent chance of a hike this coming December. As such, investors have begun to rotate steadily out of yield stocks, those that benefited from ultra-low interest rates, and into cyclical stocks that may enjoy some support from an uptick in growth.  "There will likely be a (contrarian) trade in 'bond proxies' soon," said Michael Hartnett, chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch. "But our cyclical view of peak liquidity, globalisation and inequality means the 'yield' dam has been broken." The US election result has clearly accelerated the rotation into banks, out of high dividend yield and bond proxies such as utilities and telcos, and selling of tech stocks, according to the survey. And investors are rushing to exit emerging markets, with the survey showing the biggest drop in the asset class since February 2011. And fund managers are increasingly convinced the "inflation trade" will last, with a majority of investors saying the rotation to cyclical stocks and inflationary sectors will continue well into 2017. 10:34am on 17 Nov 2016 There's broad selling on the ASX this morning amid a global washout of the post-Trump moves in financial markets. The top 200 sharemarket index is 34 points, or 0.6 per cent, down at 5294, with only one in five stocks making early gains. Among the lucky few are Telstra, which is 1.4 per cent higher as news emerges from its investor day (see below), and CSL, up 1.4 per cent on a broker upgrade. The kick-back against the recent trend is evident in buying in bond proxies - Transurban is up 0.8 per cent, and the listed property sector is 0.6 per cent ahead. But, as we say, the wider direction is firmly down, with the big banks all off by around 1 per cent, and resources are also under pressure. BHP is 1.4 per cent lower, and Rio 0.5 per cent and Fortescue 2.4 per cent. A drop in the oil price overnight hasn't done energy stocks any favour - Woodside is down 1.6 per cent. But the morning's wooden spoon goes to software outfit iSentia, which has suffered its biggest ever fall of 20 per cent after downgrading earnings forecasts for the first half. Winners and losers in early trade. Photo: Bloomberg 10:12am on 17 Nov 2016 Rio Tinto has fired two executives linked to a payment scandal in Guinea, despite external investigations being in their early stages. The Rio board said an internal investigation into the matter was sufficient to warrant the dismissal of the pair; energy and minerals boss Alan Davies and legal affairs boss Debra Valentine. Mr Davies had been suspended since November 9 when Rio alerted fraud and securities agencies in the UK, US and Australia to a series of emails between Mr Davies and former chief executives Sam Walsh and Tom Albanese. The emails appeared to show the men discussing a $US10.5 million ($14 million) payment to a political adviser in Guinea named Francois De Combret.  Ms Valentine had stepped down at that time. "The board's decision does not pre-judge the course of any external inquiries into this matter. However the board concluded that the executives failed to maintain the standards expected of them under our global code of conduct "The Way We Work". In the circumstances the board terminated the contracts of both executives," the company said in a statement. The company has appointed Bold Baatar to run the energy and minerals division that Mr Davies had previously fronted, while chief financial officer Chris Lynch will take on some extra duties in the legal affairs area left vacant by Ms Valentine.  Rio said neither Davies nor Valentine will be eligible for any short term incentive plan awards in 2016 and unvested incentive plan awards from previous years will also be cancelled. Rio shares are 1 per cent lower in early trade at $56.32. Rio Tinto chief executive Jean-Sebastien Jacques. Photo: Byamba-Ochir Byambasuren 10:07am on 17 Nov 2016 Telstra will slash costs by $1 billion over the next five years at a time when it is investing as much as $15 billion in its networks over the next three years to fight intense competition. At Telstra's investor day, Australia's largest telecommunications company announced a cost-cutting target of at least $1 billion over the next five years. Telstra will also review its capital allocation strategy over the next six to 12 months. Chief executive Andy Penn said the targets would enable the business to respond to increasing competition. "The changes to our strategy are not major, however they are an important signal to shareholders, employees and our customers that we will be relentless in delivering customer experience improvements and disciplined in how we invest in our networks, services and growth businesses," Mr Penn said. In August, Telstra flagged an extra $3 billion it would spend largely on its core networks over the next three years, taking its spend up to $15 billion over the next three years, but provided few details on what exactly the money would go towards. Telstra shares last fetched $4.72 and are wallowing at two-year lows. Telstra chief executive Andy Penn. Photo: Jessica Hromas Back to top Search pagination Current page Live Article Posts1 Next Live Article Posts2 Share via Email Post on facebook wall Share on Google Plus Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit 1 new post(s) available. View post(s) Dismiss Advertisement Advertisement 118 comments Comment are now closed Sort comments by Oldest Newest HuffPost Australia Being Savvy About Money Is The New Cool Contains: External link Sydney, You Have A Problem And I Think ... Contains: External link Most Popular Savers hit as CBA cuts term deposit rates Westpac hoses down apartment glut fears Public service bosses say 'no, but yeah, but no' Akamai's video streaming technology threat to live broadcast Kaufland studying Oz retail market Follow BusinessDay Share on FacebookFacebook Share on TwitterTwitter Follow Canberra Times Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on EmailNewsletters Advertisement Most Viewed Today Previous slide Next slide Business How your restaurant knows who you are Workers pay price as charities turn their back Savers hit as CBA cuts term deposit rates Bond yields a bad sign for expensive ASX Revealed: new breed of public service super-executive Canberra Times Russians retaliate: your car was old and rusty Family thanked for son's gift of life From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband 30,000 Canberrans ask the government to fix their streets The Sydney Morning Herald The suburb that Sydney left behind How I quit sugar and alcohol and became a better husband Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia The Age Springvale Commonwealth Bank fire: Inside the life of alleged bank attacker From senator to sawmill owner, the rise and rise of Ricky Muir Trump demands cast of Hamilton apologise to Mike Pence 'A fleeting taste of summer': Victoria expected to sizzle ... for a couple of days Rival groups rally in Melbourne as tragedy fuels tension Brisbane Times Mum dead, son stable after Woolloongabba driveway accident Computer fault halts Movie World's Green Lantern ride X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Apple acknowledges existence of iPhone-bricking glitch Schapelle Corby given return date to Australia WA Today WA leavers: - no booze - but here's 10,000 condoms Dunsborough man 'breaks dentures' after home caged in by building site Three women killed in horror weekend on West Australian roads X Factor's dire on-set conditions revealed Perth Stadium footbridge could now cost a whopping $70 million Canberra Times Share via Email Share on Facebook Share on Google Plus Share on Twitter RSS Feed Products and Services AM Edition PM Edition Good Food Guide Newsletters Canberra Times Photos Canberra Times Sitemap Subscriptions Contact Us Advertise With Us Sponsorship Text Version Site Accessibility Guide Classifieds Place an Ad Place a free ad CT Classifieds & Notices Cars Dating Jobs Domain Commercial Real Estate Oneflare Nabo Tributes Celebrations Our Sites SMH The Age AFR.com Adzuna Allhomes Domain Drive RSVP Essential Baby Home Price Guide Weatherzone Fairfax Media Member Centre News Store Archive Fairfax Syndication Careers Events Press Council Copyright © 2016Fairfax Media Website Feedback
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 57 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 57 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Bank rally fades, stocks fall; dollar at 13-year high By MARLEY JAY The Associated Press First Published Nov 16 2016 03:48PM    •    Last Updated Nov 16 2016 03:48 pm In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a miniature reproduction of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" sculpture sits on display at a street vendor's table outside the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. Global stock markets were mixed on Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Oil prices retreated, snapping an overnight rally. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) In this Tuesday, Oct. 25, 2016, photo, a miniature reproduction of Arturo Di Modica's "Charging Bull" sculpture sits on display at a street vendor's table outside the New York Stock Exchange, in lower Manhattan. Global stock markets were mixed on Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016, as investors awaited more policy details from U.S. President-elect Donald Trump. Oil prices retreated, snapping an overnight rally. (AP Photo/Mary Altaffer) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • U.S. stocks finished barely lower Wednesday as banks return some of the huge gains they've made since the presidential election last week, but technology and consumer stocks climbed. The dollar continued to appreciate against other currencies and reached its highest mark in 13 years. Banks took the biggest losses as a seven-day rally in that sector petered out. Industrial companies, also big gainers since the election, traded lower as well. The price of oil gave back some of its enormous gain from the day before. Graphics processor maker Nvidia and household names like Apple and Microsoft led technology companies higher. Rising stocks outnumbered decliners. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The dollar has been very strong in recent years, just not this strong, and it's been pretty stable compared to other currencies. But in the wake of the election, investors think the U.S. economy might grow a bit faster and inflation might pick up. "What's pushed the dollar higher here in the short term is with the Trump win, particularly combined with (Republicans) holding on to the Senate," said Scott Wren, a senior global equity strategist at the Wells Fargo Investment Institute. Still, Wren doesn't think the dollar will rise much further. The Dow Jones industrial average slid 54.92 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,868.14. The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3.45 points, or 0.2 percent, to 2,176.94. The Nasdaq composite picked up 18.96 points, or 0.4 percent, to 5,294.58. After a long losing streak before the election, the Dow had risen for seven days in a row through Tuesday and set several all-time highs. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq have also made large gains and are near the records they set this fall. JPMorgan Chase led banks lower as it fell $1.96, or 2.5 percent, to $77.40 and Morgan Stanley lost 81 cents, or 2 percent, to $39.19. Banks are coming off their best single week since the financial crisis as investors hope for higher interest rates and more profits from lending, as well as cutbacks in regulations that could boost bank profits. The ICE U.S. Dollar Index, which measures the dollar against six other currencies, rose to its highest level since April of 2003. The dollar is rising in part because investors think the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates at a faster pace in response to inflation stemming from the increased spending that President-elect Donald Trump has proposed. A stronger dollar hurts U.S. companies that do a lot of business overseas because it makes their products more expensive, and it affects their earnings when they are translated from other currencies back into U.S. dollars. However it makes imported goods cheaper for consumers in the U.S. The dollar slipped 109.15 Japanese yen from 109.32 yen late Tuesday. The euro slid to $1.0681 from $1.0718. Technology companies moved upward as they continued a rally from a day earlier. Graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $5.44, or 6.3 percent, to $91.63 after it announced a collaboration with Microsoft, and Apple picked up $2.93, or 2.7 percent, to $110.04. Tech stocks had weakened since the election. Trump's policies might affect their sales in China and other key markets, and a big surge this summer had brought some technology stocks to all-time highs. Retailer Target raised its profit forecast and its sales projections for the third quarter with the holiday season approaching. That came as the retailer gave a strong third-quarter report, as it put more emphasis on low prices after it stumbled in the second quarter. The stock gained $4.59, or 6.4 percent, to $76.03. TJX, the parent of TJ Maxx and Marshalls, reported a bigger profit and better sales than investors expected and its stock gained $2.90, or 3.9 percent, to $76.39. That helped lead consumer stocks higher. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Monson: Utah betrays itself in upset loss ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Sports on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in 0 Mail Sports Home Fantasy NFL NCAAF MLB NBA THE VERTICAL MMA NHL NASCAR Soccer NCAAB Esports Golf Tennis Rivals Boxing Cycling WNBA Horse Racing NCAAW Shop Help Boxing on Yahoo Sports Sergey Kovalev shouldn't feel too bad about his controversial loss to Andre Ward US STOCKS-Dow, S&P 500 drop as U.S. bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq ReutersNovember 16, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share * Financial, energy sectors suffer while tech rises * Investors bet on December rate hike, higher rates to help banks * Dow down 0.29 pct, S&P 500 down 0.16 pct, Nasdaq up 0.36 pct (Updates to close, adds commentary) By Sinead Carew NEW YORK, Nov 16 (Reuters) - The S&P 500 closed lower and the Dow ended a seven-day rally on Wednesday as financial stocks fell but gains in technology stocks helped Nasdaq end the day higher. U.S. stocks had been on a tear since the real estate developer's surprise victory in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The Dow had closed higher for the previous seven sessions, with the last four at record levels. The S&P financial sector ended its own seven-day rally with a 1.4 percent decline. Both the Dow and S&P pared losses in choppy afternoon trading. "I think you've a lot of people who were caught sleeping last week and are trying to use the weakness to put their money to work," said Paul Hickey, Co-founder, Bespoke Investment Group, LLC, a research firm in Harrison, New York. "People with money on the sidelines are looking for a place to put it. They're looking for names that haven't rallied as much and ones that have rallied are taking a bit of a breather." The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 54.92 points, or 0.29 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 lost 3.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,176.94 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.96 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,294.58. Investors were still looking for clarity on how much of Trump's campaign promises will become a reality, while preparing for higher interest rates and inflation. Trump's proposals to cut taxes and raise infrastructure spending are seen boosting economic activity and inflation, while any dismantling of foreign trade agreements or imposition of import tariffs would be expected to hurt the U.S. economy. "You've got a little bit of a hangover from the Trump rally today," said Steven Chiavarone, a New York-based associate portfolio manager at Federated Investors Global Allocation Fund. "The market priced in pretty quickly a very rosy scenario but now you're seeing a little doubt ... as he puts together his team." While S&P financial stocks slipped on Wednesday they were still 9.3 percent above their pre-election levels as investors are betting on higher interest rates and lighter regulation helping that sector. JPMorgan's 2.5 percent drop to $77.40 weighed the most on the sector. Traders are pricing in an 81 percent chance that the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P technology index, which fell as much as 3.6 percent in the days after the election, ended up 0.92 percent, helped most by Apple and Microsoft. U.S. technology companies, most of which make their products overseas, could bear some of the brunt of any new trade restrictions. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors ended lower, with the financial index leading the decliners. The energy sector was the second weakest with a 0.9 percent slip driven by a drop in oil prices . Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.11-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.11-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 191 new highs and 33 new lows. About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 7.9 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next snl trump hamilton alec baldwin pence Yahoo TV Anticipation Grows For Powerball Jackpot IBTimes Jacquizz Rodgers injury update: RB out for Bucs, fantasy owners SB Nation Social Security Pay Schedule for 2017 -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Five ways Indians are dodging 'black money' crackdown AFP Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner SportsFlash - Ohio State narrowly escapes Michigan State with win Yahoo Sports Videos Yale students organize naked celebration just because Dr. Saturday NFL Week 11 cheerleaders Yahoo Sports How Buying Blue Apron Ahead of any IPO Could Leave You Blue The Street SportsFlash – Rob Gronkowski ruled out vs. 49ers Yahoo Sports Videos Watch 'Fantasy Football Live' for expert help in Week 11 Roto Arcade James Harden Hit One Of The Filthiest Step-Back Jumpers You'll Ever See UPROXX 10 Takeaways: Charlie Strong's time at Texas appears to be at an end Yahoo Sports NFL Week 10 cheerleaders Yahoo Sports Goldman Sachs has an idea for how to make money this holiday season CNBC Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames PoBoy: Welcome to the presidency as reality show. Don't blame me, I voted for Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 SportsFlash - Bryant, Trout take home MVP awards Yahoo Sports Videos Story claims Packers' Aaron Rodgers completely cut off his family two years ago Shutdown Corner Winners and Losers: The coaching carousel likely put into overdrive Saturday Dr. Saturday Conor McGregor was in bad shape ahead of Nate Diaz fight at UFC 196, says Joe Rogan International Business Times ONC UK Best images of NFL Week 10 Yahoo Sports US Here's Why Analysts Are Downgrading Bank of America's Stock -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Week 11 NFL Knockout Picks Yahoo Sports Videos Steve Kerr fined $25K for complaints about NBA's nightly 'blooper reel' of missed traveling calls Ball Don't Lie Canucks walked away from Evander Kane trade Puck Daddy Andre Ward survives Sergey Kovalev ... this time, at least Yahoo Sports Conor McGregor makes history at UFC 205 Yahoo Sports US Stocks slip but up for the week; Nasdaq hits new intraday high Yahoo Finance Life imitates art for “Pitch” star Kylie Bunbury Yahoo Sports Videos Hot Stove Digest: Astros place Jon Singleton and his unprecedented contract on waivers Big League Stew Tony Romo is interested in being the next aging quarterback to lead the Broncos to glory SB Nation Follow NFL action during Week 11 Yahoo Sports Yahoo Sports - NBC Sports Network, Stats LLC, Opta. All Rights Reserved Help Suggestions Privacy About our Ads Terms
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Dow, S&P 500 drop as US bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Dow, S&P 500 drop as US bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq The S&P 500 closed lower and the Dow ended a seven-day rally on Wednesday as financial stocks fell but gains in technology stocks helped Nasdaq end the day higher. Posted 16 Nov 2016 20:25 Updated 17 Nov 2016 05:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York City, NY, U.S. November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The S&P 500 closed lower and the Dow ended a seven-day rally on Wednesday as financial stocks fell but gains in technology stocks helped Nasdaq end the day higher. U.S. stocks had been on a tear since the real estate developer's surprise victory in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The Dow had closed higher for the previous seven sessions, with the last four at record levels. The S&P financial sector ended its own seven-day rally with a 1.4 percent decline. Both the Dow and S&P pared losses in choppy afternoon trading. "I think you've a lot of people who were caught sleeping last week and are trying to use the weakness to put their money to work," said Paul Hickey, Co-founder, Bespoke Investment Group, LLC, a research firm in Harrison, New York. "People with money on the sidelines are looking for a place to put it. They're looking for names that haven't rallied as much and ones that have rallied are taking a bit of a breather." The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 54.92 points, or 0.29 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 lost 3.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,176.94 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.96 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,294.58. Investors were still looking for clarity on how much of Trump's campaign promises will become a reality, while preparing for higher interest rates and inflation. Trump's proposals to cut taxes and raise infrastructure spending are seen boosting economic activity and inflation, while any dismantling of foreign trade agreements or imposition of import tariffs would be expected to hurt the U.S. economy. "You've got a little bit of a hangover from the Trump rally today," said Steven Chiavarone, a New York-based associate portfolio manager at Federated Investors Global Allocation Fund. "The market priced in pretty quickly a very rosy scenario but now you're seeing a little doubt ... as he puts together his team." While S&P financial stocks slipped on Wednesday they were still 9.3 percent above their pre-election levels as investors are betting on higher interest rates and lighter regulation helping that sector. JPMorgan's 2.5 percent drop to US$77.40 weighed the most on the sector. Traders are pricing in an 81 percent chance that the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P technology index, which fell as much as 3.6 percent in the days after the election, ended up 0.92 percent, helped most by Apple and Microsoft. U.S. technology companies, most of which make their products overseas, could bear some of the brunt of any new trade restrictions. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors ended lower, with the financial index leading the decliners. The energy sector was the second weakest with a 0.9 percent slip driven by a drop in oil prices. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.11-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.11-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 191 new highs and 33 new lows. About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 7.9 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Dow, S&P 500 drop as U.S. bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq By Reuters Published: 15:15 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 15:15 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail By Sinead Carew New York - Nov 16 (Reuters) - The S&P and the Dow fell on Wednesday as financial stocks ended their seven-day rally, but gains in technology shares kept the Nasdaq in positive territory as investors continued to prepare their portfolios for a Donald Trump presidency. U.S. stocks have been on a tear since the real estate mogul's surprise victory in the U.S. presidential election. The Dow has closed higher for seven days, with the last four at record levels. But investors were still looking for clarity on how much of Trump's campaign promises would become a reality, while preparing for higher interest rates and inflation. His proposals to cut taxes and raise infrastructure spending are seen boosting economic activity and inflation, while a dismantling of foreign trade agreements or an imposition of tariffs on imports would be expected to hurt the U.S. economy. "You've got a little bit of a hangover from the Trump rally today," said Steven Chiavarone, a New York-based associate portfolio manager at Federated Investors Global Allocation Fund. "The market priced in pretty quickly a very rosy scenario but now you're seeing a little doubt on the counter frame as he puts together his team." At 2:40 p.m. ET, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 47.83 points, or 0.25 percent, to 18,875.23, the S&P 500 had lost 5.04 points, or 0.23 percent, to 2,175.35 and the Nasdaq Composite had added 14.14 points, or 0.27 percent, to 5,289.76. While financial stocks gave back gains on Wednesday they were still well above their pre-election levels as investors are betting on higher interest rates and lighter regulation. Even with a 1.3 percent decline the financial sector is still 9.5 percent higher than before the election. JPMorgan's 2 percent fall weighed the most on that sector. The S&P technology index, which is down 1 percent since the election, rose 0.7 percent and led the gainers on Wednesday, helped by Apple and Microsoft. U.S. technology companies, most of which manufacture their products overseas, could bear some of the biggest brunt of any new trade restrictions. Traders are pricing in an 81 percent chance that the U.S. Federal Reserve will raise rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. Despite the recent pullback, technical analysts say they expect the S&P 500 to hit a record high in the near future. "Short-term overbought conditions could generate consolidation in the days ahead, but we expect the SPX to ultimately follow the Dow Jones Industrial Average and Russell 2000 Index to new highs," Katie Stockton, chief technical strategist at BTIG, said in a note. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors were lower, with the financial index and the utilities sector leading the decliners. S&P utilities, down 1.2 percent, have fallen 6.2 percent since the election as these dividend focus stocks with fixed rate services become less attractive in a high-inflation and high-interest rate economy. Declining issues outnumbered advancing ones on the NYSE by a 1.03-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.03-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 12 new 52-week highs and 2 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 160 new highs and 26 new lows. (Reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Anil D'Silva and Chizu Nomiyama) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor This Controversial Commodity Could Be Worth 5X More Than Gold Home | Investing and Analysis Tags: 2016 Elections | Donald Trump | hedge fund | donald trump | bets | billion Hedge Fund With $2 Billion Sets Bets on 'Crazy' in a Trump World (Getty/Sara D. Davis) Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 01:36 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Buying the losers of the past decade could pay off in a world where Donald Trump is in charge of the world’s biggest economy. Norwegian hedge fund firm Sector Asset Management, which manages about $1.7 billion, is turning its portfolios around to bet on bank, energy and materials stocks that may thrive as fiscal stimulus is about to be unleashed after years of global austerity. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has signaled massive fiscal stimulus, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending, causing bond yields to soar as investors factor in accelerating inflation. “You need someone that is crazy enough, like a Trump,” Peter Andersland, founder of Sector, said in an interview on Tuesday at his office in Oslo. “Someone that just says: ‘let’s do it!”’ Monetary policy has reached its end and fiscal expansion is now the only option to revive the economy and prevent further populism from spreading, according to the 55-year-old founder of Sector. ‘Animal Spirit’ “You must use the bazooka to get it going,” he said. “A QE for the people can come. A fiscal policy in coordination with central banks. Then we can get an economic impulse for some time. The question is whether that’s enough to revive the animal spirit so people take the baton and start to spend money.” As rates may have reached a bottom, Sector is decreasing long exposure to stocks within consumer staples and discretionary, which have been the winners in the low-rate regime. “We avoid a lot of the winners in the past five to six years,” Jannik Arvesen, 57, manager of the Sector Sigma Nordic Fund, said. “Good companies, bad stocks.” The most obvious winners are now U.S. banks, according to Andersland, who manages the Global Equity Kernel Fund. The fund holds JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and regional banks such as U.S. Bancorp and Fifth Third Bancorp. European banks still have a long way to go in cleaning up their balance sheets, he said. “When long rates become higher than the short ones then the banks make money,” he said. “The U.S. banks have cleaned up their balance sheets.” Sector is also increasing in energy stocks on the view that the bottom in oil prices has been set. Andersland prefers the big integrated producers and holds BP Plc and Chevron Corp. among others. His global fund had a return of 7 percent through September compared with 6.6 percent for its benchmark. “We didn’t have any energy, down to one to two percent, now our target is 13 percent,” he said. “We buy the dips within energy. You can accumulate that now along with finance and materials.”   © Copyright 2016 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share InvestingAnalysis Buying the losers of the past decade could pay off in a world where Donald Trump is in charge of the world's biggest economy. hedge fund, donald trump, bets, billion 440 Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 01:36 PM 2016-36-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Forbes.com: Trump, GOP Could Cut Social Security, Medicare Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 119 comments SS could easily be "fixed" by forcing the government to PAY BACK THE... Nikkei Asian Review: Apple Considers Making iPhones in US Amid Trump Threat Friday, 18 Nov 2016 | 53 comments When I buy auto parts at the parts stores my first question is where is it... Janus' Gross Says Trump Will be One-termer, in Failure for Populism Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 34 comments Stick to Wall street manipulation Mr Gross. You know nothing about what... Wilbur Ross: Trump's 'Very Progressive' Plan Means Tax Cuts for All Thursday, 17 Nov 2016 | 27 comments We do need to be some tax cuts in some areas but the ceos and one... Gallup: Economic Confidence Surges After Trump Beats Hillary for White House Tuesday, 15 Nov 2016 | 27 comments What the numbers tell us is, that democrats simply cannot comprehend the... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Use of Healthcare Accounts in the U.S. Is Booming as Healthcare Costs Rise Use of Healthcare Accounts in the U.S. Is Booming as Healthcare Costs Rise Posted on November 16, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer New Mercator Advisory Group research explores the growth of healthcare accounts as U.S. consumers seek to bridge the gap between expenses and what health insurance covers. Boston, MA (PRWEB) November 16, 2016 Healthcare-related expenses are nearing 20% of GDP in the U.S. and the rise in costs show no signs of slowing. The persistent trend has left employers of all sizes to figure out how to offer meaningful healthcare benefits to attract good employees while keeping insurance costs at reasonable levels. The answer for many employers and consumers has be a reliance on healthcare plans with higher deductibles but lower premiums than traditional plans, coupled with a tax-advantaged account that the consumer uses to pay for healthcare-related expenses not covered by their health insurance plan. The dependency on consumer-driven accounts represents an opportunity for issuers and new market entrants that can amass scale and offer efficient, differentiated services, according to Mercator Advisory Group’s latest research, The Growing Importance of Healthcare Accounts. The increase in healthcare costs and the impact of the Affordable Care Act are the primary drivers leading consumers and employers to embrace healthcare accounts. HRA (Health Reimbursement Accounts (HRAs), Health Savings Accounts (HSAs), and Flexible Spending Accounts (FSAs) have been in use for years, but the influx of new users is profoundly changing the way these accounts are being used. In the past, account users were primarily savers seeking to take advantage of the tax savings these accounts afford since contributions to fund the accounts are not taxed if withdrawals are for expenses permitted by the IRS. In contrast, the new users tend to be heavily reliant on their accounts to pay healthcare expenses and frequently they draw down their balances. “The new users are active spenders, involved in how their healthcare dollars are spent and looking for the most effective way to use their healthcare account balances. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) is in part responsible for the wave of new users. Survival of the ACA is in question after the presidential election, but the use of healthcare accounts has been considered positive and will likely be front and center as new healthcare policies emerge,” commented Sarah Grotta, Director, Debit Advisory Service, author of the report. Highlights of the research report include: Market trends boosting the growth of healthcare accounts The ways that employers are incorporating health savings accounts (HSAs) into their employee benefit plans The impact of government policy on the way health care accounts are being used Why the influx of new users is driving some providers to exit the market Consideration of new capabilities or feature to help consumers maximize their healthcare account balances This research report contains 17 pages and 6 exhibits. Keywords: healthcare, HSA, HRA, FSA, debit, prepaid, Affordable Care Act, ACA Companies mentioned in this report include: Bank of America, ConnectYourCare, Devenir, Evolution Benefits, HSA Bank, J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, Kaiser Family Foundation, M&T Bank, Optum Bank, The Bancorp Bank, UMB, Wage Works, and Wells Fargo Bank. Members of Mercator Advisory Group’s Debit Advisory Service have access to these reports as well as the upcoming research for the year ahead, presentations, analyst access, and other membership benefits. For more information and media inquiries, please call Mercator Advisory Group's main line: (781) 419-1700, send email to media(at)mercatoradvisorygroup(dot)com. For free industry news, opinions, research, company information and more visit us at http://www.PaymentsJournal.com. Follow us on Twitter @ http://twitter.com/MercatorAdvisor. About Mercator Advisory Group Mercator Advisory Group is the leading independent research and advisory services firm exclusively focused on the payments and banking industries. We deliver pragmatic and timely research and advice designed to help our clients uncover the most lucrative opportunities to maximize revenue growth and contain costs. Our clients range from the world's largest payment issuers, acquirers, processors, merchants and associations to leading technology providers and investors. Mercator Advisory Group is also the publisher of the online payments and banking news and information portal PaymentsJournal.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13857688.htm Latest News Envago: The first marketplace for adventure travel Trek North: The Best Destination to Book Cairns Tours If You Drink Water, You Need This! Justlooking.com launches a groundbreaking new consumer deal sharing and ranking platform InventHelp Invention Eliminates Blind Spots for Drivers (TOR-9584) InventHelp Inventor Creates An Improved Baiting Device (SUU-339) InventHelp Inventor Creates Improved Smartphone/Tablet Case (SUU-337) InventHelp Inventor Develops Trash-Can Accessory (STU-2119) InventHelp Inventors Develop Accessories for Customizing Musical Instruments (STU-2113) InventHelp Inventor Develops Carpet-Cleaning Tool for Pet Owners and Carpet Cleaning Companies/Manufacturers (STU-2076) © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Dow, S&P 500 drop as US bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Dow, S&P 500 drop as US bank rally wanes, tech boosts Nasdaq The S&P 500 closed lower and the Dow ended a seven-day rally on Wednesday as financial stocks fell but gains in technology stocks helped Nasdaq end the day higher. Posted 16 Nov 2016 20:25 Updated 17 Nov 2016 05:40 Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) shortly after the opening bell in New York City, NY, U.S. November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson Enlarge Caption  Email More A A NEW YORK: The S&P 500 closed lower and the Dow ended a seven-day rally on Wednesday as financial stocks fell but gains in technology stocks helped Nasdaq end the day higher. U.S. stocks had been on a tear since the real estate developer's surprise victory in the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election. The Dow had closed higher for the previous seven sessions, with the last four at record levels. The S&P financial sector ended its own seven-day rally with a 1.4 percent decline. Both the Dow and S&P pared losses in choppy afternoon trading. "I think you've a lot of people who were caught sleeping last week and are trying to use the weakness to put their money to work," said Paul Hickey, Co-founder, Bespoke Investment Group, LLC, a research firm in Harrison, New York. "People with money on the sidelines are looking for a place to put it. They're looking for names that haven't rallied as much and ones that have rallied are taking a bit of a breather." The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 54.92 points, or 0.29 percent, to 18,868.14, the S&P 500 lost 3.45 points, or 0.16 percent, to 2,176.94 and the Nasdaq Composite added 18.96 points, or 0.36 percent, to 5,294.58. Investors were still looking for clarity on how much of Trump's campaign promises will become a reality, while preparing for higher interest rates and inflation. Trump's proposals to cut taxes and raise infrastructure spending are seen boosting economic activity and inflation, while any dismantling of foreign trade agreements or imposition of import tariffs would be expected to hurt the U.S. economy. "You've got a little bit of a hangover from the Trump rally today," said Steven Chiavarone, a New York-based associate portfolio manager at Federated Investors Global Allocation Fund. "The market priced in pretty quickly a very rosy scenario but now you're seeing a little doubt ... as he puts together his team." While S&P financial stocks slipped on Wednesday they were still 9.3 percent above their pre-election levels as investors are betting on higher interest rates and lighter regulation helping that sector. JPMorgan's 2.5 percent drop to US$77.40 weighed the most on the sector. Traders are pricing in an 81 percent chance that the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. rates in December, according to Thomson Reuters data. The S&P technology index, which fell as much as 3.6 percent in the days after the election, ended up 0.92 percent, helped most by Apple and Microsoft. U.S. technology companies, most of which make their products overseas, could bear some of the brunt of any new trade restrictions. Eight of the 11 major S&P 500 sectors ended lower, with the financial index leading the decliners. The energy sector was the second weakest with a 0.9 percent slip driven by a drop in oil prices. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.11-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.11-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 14 new 52-week highs and two new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 191 new highs and 33 new lows. About 7.3 billion shares changed hands on U.S. exchanges compared with the 7.9 billion average for the last 20 sessions. (Additional reporting by Tanya Agrawal; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Hedge Fund With $2 Billion Sets Bets on ‘Crazy’ in a Trump World Jonas Cho Walsgard jonaschw November 16, 2016 — 11:00 AM EST Updated on November 17, 2016 — 5:10 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Investment Strategies Under a Trump Administration Sector now betting on U.S. banks, boosting energy stocks Avoiding stocks in consumer staples and discretionary Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Buying the losers of the past decade could pay off in a world where Donald Trump is in charge of the world’s biggest economy. Norwegian hedge fund firm Sector Asset Management, which manages about $1.7 billion, is turning its portfolios around to bet on bank, energy and materials stocks that may thrive as fiscal stimulus is about to be unleashed after years of global austerity. U.S. President-elect Donald Trump has signaled massive fiscal stimulus, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending, causing bond yields to soar as investors factor in accelerating inflation. “You need someone that is crazy enough, like a Trump,” Peter Andersland, founder of Sector, said in an interview on Tuesday at his office in Oslo. “Someone that just says: ‘let’s do it!”’ Read More: How Trump Might Try to Fix Bridges and Highways Monetary policy has reached its end and fiscal expansion is now the only option to revive the economy and prevent further populism from spreading, according to the 55-year-old founder of Sector. ‘Animal Spirit’ “You must use the bazooka to get it going,” he said. “A QE for the people can come. A fiscal policy in coordination with central banks. Then we can get an economic impulse for some time. The question is whether that’s enough to revive the animal spirit so people take the baton and start to spend money.” As rates may have reached a bottom, Sector is decreasing long exposure to stocks within consumer staples and discretionary, which have been the winners in the low-rate regime. “We avoid a lot of the winners in the past five to six years,” Jannik Arvesen, 57, manager of the Sector Sigma Nordic Fund, said. “Good companies, bad stocks.” The most obvious winners are now U.S. banks, according to Andersland, who manages the Global Equity Kernel Fund. The fund holds JPMorgan Chase & Co., Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and regional banks such as U.S. Bancorp and Fifth Third Bancorp. European banks still have a long way to go in cleaning up their balance sheets, he said. “When long rates become higher than the short ones then the banks make money,” he said. “The U.S. banks have cleaned up their balance sheets.” Sector is also increasing in energy stocks on the view that the bottom in oil prices has been set. Andersland prefers the big integrated producers and holds BP Plc and Chevron Corp. among others. His global fund had a return of 7 percent through September compared with 6.6 percent for its benchmark. “We didn’t have any energy, down to one to two percent, now our target is 13 percent,” he said. “We buy the dips within energy. You can accumulate that now along with finance and materials.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories Donald John Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
POLITICO Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Trump Transition Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Latest 50 50 50 New Updated 11/20/16 12:40 PM EST Kissinger: Don't expect Trump to maintain all his promises By David Cohen "One should not insist on nailing [Trump] into positions that he had taken in the campaign," he said. Presidential Transition 11/20/16 12:21 PM EST Trump cranks up speed of transition By Matthew Nussbaum But he still takes some time out for Twitter feuds. 11/20/16 11:52 AM EST Rand Paul slams State contenders Bolton, Giuliani By Patrick Temple-West “Giuliani and Bolton are out there on the extreme," the GOP senator says. The Queen to invite Donald Trump to U.K. By Joanna Plucinska Theresa May's government considers the monarch a 'secret weapon' in efforts to maintain close relations with Washington. 11/20/16 11:19 AM EST Ethics reform bill a Trump priority, Pence says By Patrick Temple-West “The president-elect is determined to move ethics reform in the next year in the Congress.” 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Former CIA director pleased with Pompeo pick By Rebecca Morin "I actually am aware that the broader intelligence community was heartened by that pick," Michael Hayden says. Updated 11/20/16 11:08 AM EST Priebus: Citizens of certain countries will be barred By Patrick Temple-West "We will try to pinpoint the problems and temporarily suspend those areas from coming into the United States.” 11/20/16 10:34 AM EST New York Democrat Rice supports Tim Ryan's bid to unseat Pelosi By John Bresnahan The former prosecutor is the first to publicly announce support for Ryan. 11/20/16 10:31 AM EST TRUMP huddling with ARI EMANUEL today -- HE’S NOT THROWING AWAY HIS SHOT: Trump continues criticism of Hamilton -- SNL’s TRUMP cold-open -- SCHUMER on Trump: ‘He was not my friend’ -- B’DAY: Joe Biden By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Updated 11/20/16 09:58 AM EST Trump calls retired Gen. Mattis 'impressive' By Bryan Bender Trump on Sunday morning called retired Marine General James Mattis "impressive." 11/20/16 09:47 AM EST Pence: Trump to push repeal of Obamacare By Patrick Temple-West "He wants to focus out of the gate on repealing Obamacare," the vice president-elect says. 11/20/16 09:30 AM EST Trump talks up 'good relationship' with Schumer By POLITICO Staff The president-elect expressed optimism that he can get things done with Sen. Chuck Schumer. 11/20/16 09:09 AM EST Trump's wide-ranging Saturday meetings By Matthew Nussbaum Among those he met with: Mitt Romney, Michelle Rhee and retired Gen. James Mattis. 11/20/16 09:03 AM EST Schumer lays out where Democrats can work with Trump By Patrick Temple-West The New York senator sees area of common ground. 11/20/16 08:59 AM EST Trump slams 'SNL' sketch By Rebecca Morin He also doubles down on his criticism of "Hamilton." Germany: Angela Merkel to run for fourth term By Janosch Delcker The general election in Germany is scheduled to take place sometime in the fall of 2017. Tony Blair: Theresa May is a 'lightweight' By Joanna Plucinska As he tries to return to politics, the former British prime minister also criticized Labor leader Jeremy Corbyn. Doctors link tanning beds with cigarettes to make cancer case By Carmen Paun A European Commission report on safety of tanning beds is due by the end of the month. The Big Idea 11/20/16 07:37 AM EST How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Nov. 8 represented an explosion of anger on the right at years of smugness and disdain by liberals. Washington And The World 11/20/16 07:18 AM EST Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh From Bannon’s defense of the “Judeo-Christian West” to Flynn’s attacks on Muslims, some nat sec experts fear the incoming Trump administration believes... Congress Updated 11/20/16 07:14 AM EST House Democrats lament blue-collar collapse By Maggie Severns and Theodoric Meyer Some fear that the party’s move toward urban and suburban voters will eventually shut Democrats out of former white working-class strongholds. Transportation 11/20/16 07:07 AM EST Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps By Lauren Gardner Donald Trump’s pitch for a $1 trillion upgrade of the nation’s roads, bridges, tunnels and airports is already running into potholes as it meets reality... Congress 11/20/16 07:01 AM EST Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight By Daniel Strauss A top contender for party chair hits a roadblock. 11/19/16 10:46 PM EST Ronald Reagan enters presidential race: Nov. 20, 1975 By Andrew Glass On this day in 1975, Ronald Reagan announced his candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination, challenging Gerald Ford, who had moved into the... Updated 11/19/16 07:39 PM EST Trump: 'Hamilton' cast harassed Pence By Rebecca Morin "Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!"... Updated 11/19/16 05:26 PM EST Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting By Katie Glueck “Donald Trump’s campaign was the first step towards identity politics in the United States,” cheered Richard Spencer, the president of the National Policy... 11/19/16 04:37 PM EST House Judiciary Democrats announce opposition to Sessions By Brent Griffiths “We have grave concerns with Senator Sessions’ potential nomination for this post and urge President-elect Trump to reconsider.” 11/19/16 03:53 PM EST Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig By Hadas Gold The news host was spotted at Trump Tower in New York City on Wednesday. 11/19/16 03:03 PM EST McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding By Michael Crowley "I don’t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do. We will not waterboard,” McCain said. Presidential Transition 11/19/16 02:42 PM EST Trump offers olive branch to Romney By Brent Griffiths Romney called Trump a fraud earlier this year. On Saturday he shook Trump's hand. Fourth Estate 11/19/16 01:06 PM EST Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool By Jack Shafer By this time you'd expect that people would have figured out when Donald Trump is yanking their chain and pay him the same mind they do phone calls tagged... Backtalk 11/19/16 01:01 PM EST The Tea Party Movement Is Alive and Well—And We Saw Trump Coming By Jenny Beth Martin In an article POLITICO published this summer, a former employee of a PAC alleged that the 'Tea Party is dead,' claiming that bogus PACs had swallowed up... 11/19/16 12:01 PM EST Iran deal foe Schumer not ready to scrap it By Elana Schor, Burgess Everett and John Bresnahan The Senate Democratic leader says another year or two is needed to assess whether the pact is working. 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST SATURDAY MORNINGS WITH THE PRESIDENT ELECT -- PENCE booed at Hamilton -- The Playbook Interview: Andy Puzder -- STEVE BANNON speaks -- WEEKEND READS -- B’DAY: Matt Lloyd By Jake Sherman, Anna Palmer and Daniel Lippman Congress 11/19/16 12:00 PM EST Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' By Burgess Everett, John Bresnahan and Elana Schor In a POLITICO interview, the minority leader addresses his relationship with the incoming president and the outlook for 2017. 11/19/16 11:55 AM EST Trump to meet with Christie on Sunday By Brent Griffiths Trump pulled the plug on Christie's leadership after finding the team stacked with lobbyists and Christie allies, and amid concerns over the fallout of... 11/19/16 09:51 AM EST Steve Bannon fires back at the media By POLITICO Staff Bannon said he wore the attacks on him as an “emblem of pride.” 11/19/16 09:21 AM EST Trump claims he settled fraud case because he was too busy By Brent Griffiths “The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!,” Trump tweeted. 11/19/16 08:31 AM EST Trump talks with 3 more world leaders By POLITICO Staff Trump so far has spoken to about three dozen world leaders. 11/19/16 07:42 AM EST Trump’s Twitter feed has suddenly gotten a lot more interesting By Madeline Conway With the president-elect in seclusion for transition work, his tweets are the only direct channel into his thinking. Presidential transition 11/19/16 07:41 AM EST Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance By Sarah Wheaton Alumni of the Obama White House spent days mourning Trump's win. Now they're ready to fight. Congress 11/19/16 07:40 AM EST Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts By Darren Samuelsohn They're eager to make Republicans uncomfortable with oversight of a president who ran on a promise to 'drain the swamp.' Presidential Transition 11/19/16 07:39 AM EST Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace By Alex Isenstadt It was Trump himself who lost confidence in the New Jersey governor, transition sources say. 11/19/16 07:19 AM EST Breitbart may need to reveal business structure to secure Capitol Hill press credentials By Hadas Gold On Friday Breitbart News appeared before the Standing Committee of the Senate Press Gallery in order to secure permanent Capitol Hill credentials. But... Updated 11/19/16 03:35 AM EST Donald Trump's Cabinet-in-waiting: What we know so far By Andrew Restuccia The list features a wide range of political insiders, mixed with people from the business world. 11/18/16 11:56 PM EST Reagan and Gorbachev meet in Geneva, Nov. 19, 1985 By Andrew Glass For the first time in six years, on this day in 1985, the leaders of the United States and the Soviet Union held a summit conference. 11/18/16 09:07 PM EST Woodson says he's being considered for HUD position By Bianca Padró Ocasio Robert Woodson Sr. says he's being considered for a spot in Donald Trump's administration. 11/18/16 08:57 PM EST Huckabee says cabinet position discussed with Trump not 'the right fit' By Cristiano Lima "We talked about an opportunity," Huckabee says. "But you know, I'm not sure it was the right fit." Presidential Transition 11/18/16 08:43 PM EST Sessions pick as AG could spark exodus from civil rights division By Josh Gerstein A former leader says Justice staffers are alarmed by the Alabama senator's record on racial issues. US banks lay groundwork to leave London — reluctantly You're All Caught Up We're working on more stories right now Check out these top newsmakers Donald Trump Mike Pence Paul Ryan Barack Obama Hillary Clinton Reince Priebus Mitch McConnell Elizabeth Warren Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results 2016 Elections Events Events Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About Us Multimedia All Video Off Message POLITICO Nerdcast The Debrief Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 presidential tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus POLITICO Battleground States Project Connect With Us Obama loyalists plot Trump resistance Democrats plan assault on Trump's ethical conflicts Schumer on Trump: 'He was not my friend' Inside Chris Christie's fall from grace Trump: 'Hamilton' cast harassed Pence Stop Being Trump’s Twitter Fool Politico Morning Shift Your daily speed read on labor and employment policy Subscribe Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Texas judge considers overtime rule By Ted Hesson 11/16/16 10:00 AM EST With help from Marianne LeVine and Cogan Schneier TEXAS JUDGE CONSIDERS OVERTIME RULE: Federal Judge Amos Mazzant will hold a hearing this morning in Sherman, Texas, on whether to enjoin the Labor Department’s overtime rule. The rule will double (to $47,476) the salary threshold under which virtually all workers are guaranteed time-and-a-half pay if they work more than 40 hours in a given week. Two lawsuits, one from 21 state attorneys general and one from business groups, have been consolidated into one that argues the salary threshold is too high and that the Labor Department exceeded its authority by indexing it. Mazzant, who was nominated by President Barack Obama in 2014, is expected to issue a decision before the rule takes effect December 1. The hearing is set for 9 a.m. in the Paul Brown United States Courthouse. Story Continued Below Karen Harned, executive director of the Small Business Legal Center at the National Federation of Independent Business, told Morning Shift that the fastest route to killing the overtime rule would be “through the Hill or the courts.” If those options failed, Trump could issue a new regulation, but that process typically takes a year or more. NFIB would prefer that Judge Mazzant put the brakes on now. “We feel good about our arguments,” Harned said. “Hopefully we’ll see more in the tea leaves tomorrow after hearing from him.” GOOD MORNING. It's Wednesday, Nov. 16 and this is Morning Shift, POLITICO's daily tipsheet on labor and employment policy. Send tips, exclusives, and suggestions to mlevine@politico.com, cschneier@politico.com, thesson@politico.com, and tnoah@politico.com. Follow us on Twitter at @marianne_levine, @CoganSchneier, @tedhesson and @TimothyNoah1. FINAL BROWNING-FERRIS BRIEFS: A decision draws near in a court challenge to the National Labor Relations Board’s Browning-Ferris joint-employer ruling, which made it easier for the NLRB to hold companies jointly accountable for the labor practices of subcontractors or franchisees. Browning-Ferris filed its final brief last week, and the NLRB and the Teamsters (who represent the Browning-Ferris workers) filed final briefs Tuesday. The board argued in its brief that its revised joint employer standard was “reasonable and consistent” with the National Labor Relations Act and the “common-law definition of an employment relationship, which focuses on control or right to control.” The NLRB said its standard furthered the NLRA by “encouraging meaningful collective bargaining and ensuring the continued vitality of the Act’s protections.” For their part, the Teamsters argued that the board’s revised standard reconciled “inconsistencies in its own precedent.” The union also said the new standard matched up with the “common law concept of employment.” The Teamsters brief is here, and the NLRB brief is here. PAY GAP FOR BISEXUAL WORKERS: Bisexual men and women receive less pay than their heterosexual counterparts for the same jobs, according to a study published Tuesday in the American Sociological Review. The study’s author, Indiana University doctoral student Trenton Mize, writes that the perception that bisexuality is a choice (and one with a negative stigma) makes discrimination against bisexuals more severe than discrimination against homosexuals ... "Although all stigmatized traits carry negative consequences,” he writes, “stigmatized traits to which others attribute personal responsibility lead to particularly pernicious treatment.” The study finds that bisexual women earn 7-28 percent less than heterosexual women after accounting for factors such as age, education, and occupation. Bisexual men earn 11-19 percent less than heterosexual men. Read the abstract here. TRUMP’S DEPORTATION DRIVE: President-elect Donald Trump’s pledge to deport 2-3 million immigrants with criminal records is a massive undertaking. For some perspective: President Obama removed roughly 2.5 million immigrants during his first seven years in office, a calculation that includes individuals caught at the border. Were Trump to go through with his plan, he’d create a huge bottleneck in the nation’s already-overburdened immigration courts, Julie Hirschfeld Davis and Julia Preston report in The New York Times: “Obtaining deportation orders from judges can take many months — if not many years,” they write. “Thousands of immigrants are serving jail sentences that under current law cannot be curtailed. According to official figures, as of June only about 183,000 immigrants had been convicted of crimes and also had deportation orders so they could be detained and removed quickly.” Are there even 3 million immigrants in the U.S. with criminal records? Trump’s numbers come from a 2012 Homeland Security report that found the U.S. harbored an estimated 1.9 million “criminal aliens.” A more recent study from the Migration Policy Institute came up with the same number. But of those 1.9 million non-citizens with criminal records, only 820,000 were undocumented immigrants. In other words, more than one million of the “criminals” (i.e., ex-cons) whom Trump wants to deport are legal permanent residents with valid visas. Trump immigration adviser Kris Kobach said Tuesday that the president-elect may consider deportations of immigrants arrested for a crime but not necessarily convicted — a move that would certainly stretch the definition of “criminal.” More from the Times here and MPI here. RUMBLE OVER CORNELL GRAD UNION: An association of college professors called an attempt to dissuade Cornell graduate students from unionizing “typical anti-union propaganda” in a letter released Tuesday. The American Association of University Professors wrote the missive in response to Cornell University Interim President Hunter Rawlings, who penned his own message in October to discourage unionization. If Cornell graduate instructors unionized, Rawlings wrote, the outcome would have “a negative impact on the flexibility, individuality, and inventiveness of students and their faculty advisers in structuring the academic environment.” An August 2016 decision by the National Labor Relations Board allowed graduate students to bargain collectively, and an election at Cornell is expected soon. AAUP is the second group of professors to bark back at Rawlings — faculty at Cornell’s own School of Industrial and Labor Relations responded earlier this month. They wrote that the interim president’s letter “presents a negative view of unionization based on speculation and unsubstantiated assertions.” The IRL Faculty letter is here, and AAUP’s letter is here. NIGHTMARE FOR INSOMNIAC: SAG-AFTRA will picket tomorrow outside Insomniac Games, a Burbank, Calif., based video-game developer. The union, which includes actors, announcers, voice-over artists and other professionals, called a strike against 11 video game producers last month. Variety’s Dave McNary writes that the strike stems from disputes over compensation and “transparency for voice actors — meaning that the union wants companies to stop being able to hire without identifying the game.” A representative for the video game companies told Variety that union leadership is hung up on the language of the contract and should allow members to vote on a 9 percent pay raise. More here. DEFLATED SHARING ECONOMY: The appeal of the sharing economy has faded, according to a study from JPMorgan Chase & Co Institute. According to the study, monthly earnings from online labor platforms have declined by six percent since June 2014. Because the traditional labor market is gaining strength, the study found, fewer people are participating in online labor platforms. LET THEM EAT TURKEY: More retailers will shut their doors for Thanksgiving this year, Rachel Abrams reports for The New York Times. Businesses have seen smaller profit margins and an increase in negative publicity when they stay open. From Abrams: “The companies give different reasons for the shift — employees should be able to spend time with family, for one — but the overriding message is clear: For some retailers, opening on Thanksgiving is too much of a headache.” “The decision to remain closed is the latest evolution in the retail industry’s scramble to figure out how to compete in an increasingly complicated holiday shopping season [that] seems to start earlier every year,” Abrams writes. “The day after Thanksgiving, often called Black Friday, traditionally indicated the beginning of the annual promotional frenzy, but that idea became quaint in recent years. In the post-recession age of Amazon, people want the deals they have grown accustomed to finding, especially online, whenever they want them, and the season began expanding.” Still, many stores will remain open. While Office Depot and HHGregg will close for T-Day, Walmart and Target will welcome shoppers through the holiday weekend, the Times reports. COFFEE BREAK — “State labor board declares impasse between AFSCME, Rauner,” from the Chicago Sun Times — “U.S. Businesses Bet on Which Trump Will Govern,” from The Wall Street Journal — “McCaul on DHS chief: 'I’ve expressed my interest,’” from POLITICO — “One Employer Fights Against Prescription-Drug Abuse,” from The Wall Street Journal — “What Trump’s Secretary of Labor Could Do,” from the Atlantic — “Ford CEO warns Trump's 35% car tariff would harm the economy,” from USA Today — “Why Trump — or any other politician — can't do much to bring back manual labor jobs,” from The Los Angeles Times THAT’S ALL FOR MORNING SHIFT. « View Archives Authors: Ted Hesson thesson@politico.com About The Author Ted Hesson is a Labor & Employment reporter with POLITICO Pro. Most Read Fox News’ Eric Bolling talking to Trump team about Commerce gig Trump's $1 trillion plan hits D.C. speed bumps McCain warns Trump on torture, waterboarding Trump offers olive branch to Romney Trump slams 'SNL' sketch Alt-right celebrates Trump’s election at D.C. meeting Foes pile on Ellison in DNC chair fight Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back How the Left Created Trump Pence: Trump to push repeal of Obamacare Morning Shift - POLITICO Archive Friday, 11/18/16 Thursday, 11/17/16 Wednesday, 11/16/16 Tuesday, 11/15/16 Monday, 11/14/16 View the Full Morning Shift Archives » Politico Magazine How the Left Created Trump By Rob Hoffman Team Trump’s Message: The Clash of Civilizations Is Back By Michael Hirsh What Trump Voters Want Now By Michael Kruse How White Nationalists Learned To Love Donald Trump By J.M. Berger More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Events Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Labor & Employment Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2016 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy

PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path BlackFriday SnapchatSpectacles NetflixvsHulu FakeNews Alexa Home/ Forward Thinking/ Techonomy and the Economy: Is Change Happening Faster than Society Can Absorb it? Techonomy and the Economy: Is Change Happening Faster than Society Can Absorb it? By Michael J. Miller November 15, 2016 10 Comments It's possible that unease with technology has people so alarmed it had an impact on the election, among many other things. To me, the most interesting topic at last week's Techonomy 2016 conference was the impact that technology and data are having on the economy as a whole. As the conference immediately followed the election, it was a topic that came up in a variety of sessions—with a surprising number of comments about how changing technology has made many people uneasy, and how that may be hurting the economy and affecting how people vote. "Change is happening at a much faster pace than society can absorb the changes," Tony Scott, the Federal CIO of the United States, said in the opening panel, noting that changes in technology, energy, and other areas are fundamentally changing where jobs are and how people live. Still, he said, "relentless digitalization" is inevitable. Simulmedia CEO Dave Morgan noted that job loss to technology will only intensify, as 1.5 million driving jobs—the largest single job category for white men outside of the government—will disappear over the next 4-5 years. (I believe he is wildly overestimating the pace of change here, but we'll see.) Morgan stressed that, though economic issues are important, dignity is also important; in the small city in Pennsylvania where he grew up, people not only used to have jobs, they felt good about them. Morgan referenced a 1946 book by Peter Drucker, Concept of the Corporation, which lamented the growing use of cost accounting, and argued that the relationship between labor and management had changed. In the 1950s, Morgan said businesses paid a living wage, offered health plans to cope with catastrophic incidents, and offered pensions, so workers participated in the growth of a company. Over time, pensions have disappeared, fewer companies offer health insurance, and wages are now considered costs. Blackberry CEO John Chen said the bicoastal tech industry has largely missed the concept of jobs, and this has led to some of the anger directed toward the industry. Chen said he supports infrastructure investment and stressed the importance of cybersecurity. Scott agreed that some paradigms need to be reexamined. He noted that we have an assumption that everything should interoperate with everything else, but in the near future, we may need to ask whether the system you might connect to is safe and performing the way it should. Scott said that the government is on an unstoppable track to digitization that should improve interaction with the citizenry. For instance, he said that today's technology pretty much follows the org chart, so you need to understand the organizational structure to locate a site for the information you're after. This, he said, will change no matter who is president. Similarly, Scott said the federal government spends $85 billion a year on technology, with more than 80 percent of this to simply "keep the lights on." We are now "air-bagging and bubble-wrapping old stuff" for cybersecurity, but said that we need to upgrade and replace systems in order to get to a more modern platform. Scott mentioned that there was a bipartisan bill to create an Information Technology Monetization Fund to hasten IT advancements and upgrades at the federal level. There were a number of good questions and comments from the audience. Gary Rieschel of Qiming Venture Partners, who spoke in an earlier session, said there is a perception among Trump and Sanders supporters that "America is no longer fair." Where you live and how much money you have determines your quality of education and access to healthcare, Rieschel suggested, and while technology may help, it can only do so if it comes from the citizens up, and not from the top down. Rieschel pointed out that, until the 1970s, unions had large apprenticeship programs, but since then the skills of workers have eroded as older workers retired and younger workers weren't retrained. Roger Pilc of Pitney Bowes talked about how technology has helped to democratize international trade. He quoted Alibaba's Jack Ma as saying that over the last twenty years this has mostly helped large businesses, but that over the next twenty it may help medium and small businesses. Pilc pushed things like shipping and logistics, citing cloud technologies, APIs, mobile, and IoT as items that can help smaller firms, and noted that most job creation comes from small and medium-sized businesses. Others in the audience talked about how technology may not be the answer; how U.S. companies could build call centers and even coding centers in Middle America; and education. I noted a comment that the technology industry should not be surprised by the anger in the country, as many groups—especially women and minorities—are also angry at how they have been treated by tech. The Economic Impact of Data Convergence I was quite interested in a conversation on the economic impact of data convergence, which featured GE's Chief Economist Marco Annunziata and Diana Farrell, Founding President and CEO of the JP Morgan Chase Institute and a former Deputy Director of the National Economic Council. David Kirkpatrick, who moderated the discussion, said that data shows that life is improving in almost every major country. But Annunziata said that in most cases, the narrative is more powerful than the data. He said there is a lot of hype around data, but that the impact of data on the economy has been small. Going forward, however, Annunziata talked about using data to generate value. Farrell said that one big problem is that while the overall economy has strengthened, the level of anxiety remains high. She said take-home pay has been particularly volatile, with 55 percent of Americans seeing a swing of income of over 30 percent month-to-month over the course of a year. Farrell said a fear of "the liquidity trap"—a concern of running out of liquid money—is true for almost all Americans. Farrell said that the "gig economy" employs about 1 percent of adults in a given month, and only 4 percent of adults over last three years. These are primarily young and disproportionately low-income workers, who mostly view such work as supplemental income, used to offset volatility but not as a replacement for a job. In a discussion of how people view data, Ford Motor Co. VP of Research and Advanced Engineering Ken Washington said that even though the government has lots of data on people, it is all in silos, and thus it is incredibly difficult to obtain holistic information on an individual. Washington said there were few ways for either the government or commercial companies to pull this information together, and said people are frustrated that the data is out there but not improving their lives. Annunziata agreed, and said it seemed strange that the government "knows all this information about me, but treats me as a stranger when I go to the airport." Annunziata worries about things like data sovereignty laws in Europe. He said ringing a fence around data doesn't make it secure, and that by preventing data from being aggregated could negate the value of the data. On the question of government use of data, I was interested in a separate discussion with Marina Kaljurand, former Minister of Foreign Affairs for the Republic of Estonia. She talked about how her country had created an "e-lifestyle" that started with government digital systems used to pay taxes, to vote, and to receive report cards. This was based on digital signatures using two-factor authentication and the goal of having a "paperless" approach to government. I think that's an interesting goal, but one that seems hard to reach in a country as diverse as the U.S., where individual states have their own policies and rules. Overall, I wonder if Silicon Valley overestimates its direct impact on the economy, but underestimates the secondary impacts of the new technologies it creates. Back to top Previous : Zuckerberg at Techonomy: The Evolution of Facebook and the R... Waiting for the Singularity at Techonomy Next : By Michael J. Miller Michael J. Miller's Forward Thinking Blog: forwardthinking.pcmag.com Michael J. Miller is chief information officer at Ziff Brothers Investments, a private investment firm. From 1991 to 2005, Miller was editor-in-chief of PC Magazine, responsible for the editorial direction, quality and presentation of the world's largest computer publication. Until late 2006, Miller was the Chief Content Officer for Ziff Davis Media, responsible for overseeing the editorial positions of Ziff Davis's magazines, websites, and events. As Editorial Director for Ziff Davis Publishing since 1997, Miller took an active role in... More » More Stories by Michael Spreading, Securing and Regulating the Internet of Things at Techonomy IoT promises to be more than just what we see today; new examples appeared at Techonomy as the debat... More » Waiting for the Singularity at Techonomy The standard AI discussions at Techonomy were bolstered by fascinating direct computer-memory-to-bra... More » Zuckerberg at Techonomy: The Evolution of Facebook and the Role of the News Feed in the Election The Facebook CEO talked AI, curing disease, the need for Internet everywhere, and much more at the c... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus Subscribe //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Barclays boss: London's 'gravitational pull' on finance will not wane after Brexit Jes Staley, the chief executive of Barclays Ben Martin 16 November 2016 • 1:34pm Brexit is unlikely to lead to a sudden decline in London’s status as one of the leading centres for the global capital markets, the boss of Barclays has predicted. The vote in June to leave the European Union sparked fears in the City that the UK will quit the single market, which could damage London’s position as an international hub for banking and investment. Despite those concerns, Jes Staley, the chief executive of Barclays, argued yesterday that while Brexit would lead to a great deal of uncertainty for the banking sector, it was unlikely to result in the City losing its “gravitational pull” in the capital markets overnight. “The users of capital find the providers of capital, not the other way around, and the providers of capital, by and large, are resident in London and New York,” Mr Staley told the Financial Times’s Banking Summit. “I don’t think London will lose its gravitational pull in terms of management of capital in any reasonable timeframe.” He added that it is “going to be very hard to break” the grip that London already exerts as a centre for the markets. There has been speculation that Frankfurt or Paris could emerge as rival European centres to London, although many financiers believe that New York is the city most likely to benefit if banks do decide to move operations away from the UK following Brexit. The City is unlikely to lose its position as the premier finance hub Credit: Amer Ghazzal/REX/Shutterstock Asked whether Barclays was looking at setting up a subsidiary in Frankfurt, Mr Staley said Barclays was “looking at a lot of options” to help offset the uncertainty that the UK leaving the EU will cause. The Brexit vote, which took financial markets by surprise, was followed earlier this month by the even bigger shock caused by Donald Trump’s unexpected victory in the US presidential election. Mr Staley, a US citizen who spent much of his career at Wall Street giant JP Morgan, said Mr Trump’s triumph was likely to result in pressure on the US Federal Reserve to pursue tighter monetary policy. “You’ll see political pressure on the Fed to be less accommodating,” the Barclays chief predicted, adding that “influence on the Fed is going to be another significant consequence of the presidential election”. He said that there was “something to” the school of thought that the ultra-loose monetary policies of central banks around the world were starting to become less effective. Mr Trump has indicated that as president he will take a protectionist approach towards trade, in particular a hardline stance on China and Mexico. At the same conference, Standard Chartered boss Bill Winters conceded that the emerging markets-focused banks would be “in the line of fire” if the US launched a trade war with China. Mr Winters said that he believed Mr Trump’s expected economic policies were likely to “accelerate” the US dollar’s decline as a global currency. There have been rumours that Mr Trump has considered Jamie Dimon, the chief executive of JP Morgan, to become his Treasury Secretary, although the banker is not thought to be interested in the post. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Bill Winters Jamie Dimon London Barclays PLC Brexit Dollar Banks and Finance Jes Staley Standard Chartered US Federal Reserve Donald Trump Show more Business latest 20 Nov 2016, 6:06pm Sir Stelios's easyCoffee eyes expansion 20 Nov 2016, 6:02pm Hedge funds struggle to justify their vast fees in the wake of Trump's election 20 Nov 2016, 5:44pm Dividend worries hit troubled Mitie 20 Nov 2016, 5:42pm OPEC oil cut nears as battered Saudis bow to indomitable US shale  Premium 20 Nov 2016, 5:30pm Uranium: the unloved metal whose price is poised to go radioactive  01:21 20 Nov 2016, 5:18pm When is Black Friday 2016 and what are the best deals? 20 Nov 2016, 3:26pm British Wool: a thriving industry, thanks to running the last marketing board in the country 20 Nov 2016, 1:47pm TSB joins bidders for £16bn Bradford & Bingley loans 20 Nov 2016, 1:02pm China will not shut the door on globalisation, president Xi Jinping vows 00:28 20 Nov 2016, 11:05am Britain has an 'eye-wateringly large debt' and economy faces 'sharp challenge', Philip Hammond warns 20 Nov 2016, 10:52am BT boss: Openreach impasse is depriving economy of £6bn investment  20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Autumn Statement: what to expect from Chancellor Philip Hammond Premium 20 Nov 2016, 6:00am Paper cuts: inside regional papers' battle to survive 20 Nov 2016, 12:01am CBI calls for partnership with government after bruising EU campaign 19 Nov 2016, 8:10pm Tesco Towers: supermarket enters the fray with a radical new solution to the housing crisis 19 Nov 2016, 8:05pm Autumn Statement: fiscal watchdog to downgrade growth as Hammond announces infrastructure drive 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Football clubs 'vulnerable' after relying on TV rights 19 Nov 2016, 8:00pm Comment: The City gears up for the blockbuster $2 trillion listing of Saudi Aramco Ben Marlow Premium 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Trump casts a shadow over BAT's $47bn bid for Reynolds 19 Nov 2016, 7:50pm Industry bodies slam new business rates appeals system which could cost small firms £700m 19 Nov 2016, 7:45pm Powa payments under scrutiny If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Fed's Kashkari unveils plan to tackle 'too big to fail' banks and funds News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Fed's Kashkari unveils plan to tackle 'too big to fail' banks and funds Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari unveiled a plan on Wednesday to prevent future government bailouts by forcing the largest U.S. banks to hold so much capital that they would probably decide to break themselves up. Posted 16 Nov 2016 21:05 Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks during an interview at Reuters in New York, United States on February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File Photo Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari unveiled a plan on Wednesday to prevent future government bailouts by forcing the largest U.S. banks to hold so much capital that they would probably decide to break themselves up. Kashkari's plan would also penalize large asset managers, with the idea that so-called "shadow banks" can create systemic risks similar to that of big banks. "We expect that institutions whose size doesn't meaningfully benefit their customers will be forced to break themselves up," the Minneapolis Fed said in a summary of its plan. The plan, which would double the amount of loss-absorbing equity capital for large U.S. banks and impose a new tax on hedge funds and other asset managers, is sure to face fierce opposition from Wall Street. It may also be a tough sell for policymakers who have already imposed rules intended to eliminate the notion that some banks are "too big to fail," or TBTF. However, its prospects may be better under the administration of President-elect Donald Trump and the new Congress. Trump has been critical of Wall Street, and indicated he would support dismantling 2010 financial crisis legislation known as Dodd-Frank, but it is not clear whether he would support Kashkari's approach. However, lawmakers such as Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling, who runs the House Financial Services Committee, have also argued for ratcheting up capital requirements to a level that would prompt big banks to split apart. Senate Banking Committee members Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, and David Vitter, a Republican, have also introduced legislation seeking to raise capital requirements. "I believe the biggest banks are still TBTF and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy," Kashkari said in planned remarks he was to deliver at the Economic Club of New York on Wednesday. Kashkari has made "too big to fail" his signature issue since being appointed head of the Minneapolis Fed in January. He has held symposiums on the topic to get views from policymakers, academics and industry leaders about the best way to prevent future bailouts. A former Goldman Sachs banker who administered the U.S. Treasury Department's bailout program during the financial crisis that erupted in 2008, Kashkari has positioned himself as a reformed Wall Street banker who knows best how to fix the problem. He also ran for governor in California in 2014, but has declined to comment on future political ambitions. Kashkari's initial comments about breaking up big banks earlier this year drew praise from then-presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont. Dodd-Frank advocates have argued that it will prevent future bank bailouts. But the Minneapolis Fed proposal argues there is still a 67 percent chance of one over the next 100 years. Kashkari's plan would reduce the likelihood of a future financial crisis over the next 100 years to roughly 9 percent, according to the proposal. The increased equity requirement for banks would replace an existing requirement that allows banks to use equity and long-term debt. The plan would also require the Treasury Secretary to certify that the banks subject to the rule are not "systemically important." Otherwise, they would face even tougher capital requirements. Banks subject to the rule will have US$250 billion in assets, a group that would include Bank of America Corp , JPMorgan Chase & Co , Wells Fargo & CO and Citigroup , among others. A group of so-called "shadow banks," with more than US$50 billion in assets, like Blackrock Inc would face a tax of at least 1.2 percent on their debt. If the Treasury indicates any of those firms are systemically important, the tax would rise to 2.2 percent. "The tax would effectively make the cost of funds roughly equivalent between large banks and nonbanks," according to the plan, which was released Wednesday. Banks with less than US$10 billion in assets would see looser regulations, since they do not pose a threat to the U.S. economy, Kashkari said. Insurers would also escape the rule, because their funding model is different. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Diane Craft) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The Minneapolis Fed has a plan to end 'too big to fail' Dan Freed, Reuters Nov. 16, 2016, 8:16 AM 1,795 facebook linkedin twitter email print REUTERS/Joshua Roberts (Reuters) - Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari unveiled a plan on Wednesday to prevent future government bailouts by forcing the largest U.S. banks to hold so much capital that they would probably decide to break themselves up. Kashkari's plan would also penalize large asset managers, with the idea that so-called "shadow banks" can create systemic risks similar to that of big banks. "We expect that institutions whose size doesn't meaningfully benefit their customers will be forced to break themselves up," the Minneapolis Fed said in a summary of its plan. The plan, which would double the amount of loss-absorbing equity capital for large U.S. banks and impose a new tax on hedge funds and other asset managers, is sure to face fierce opposition from Wall Street. It may also be a tough sell for policymakers who have already imposed rules intended to eliminate the notion that some banks are "too big to fail," or TBTF. However, its prospects may be better under the administration of President-elect Donald Trump and the new Congress. Trump has been critical of Wall Street, and indicated he would support dismantling 2010 financial crisis legislation known as Dodd-Frank, but it is not clear whether he would support Kashkari's approach. However, lawmakers such as Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling, who runs the House Financial Services Committee, have also argued for ratcheting up capital requirements to a level that would prompt big banks to split apart. Senate Banking Committee members Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, and David Vitter, a Republican, have also introduced legislation seeking to raise capital requirements. "I believe the biggest banks are still TBTF and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy," Kashkari said in planned remarks he was to deliver at the Economic Club of New York on Wednesday. Kashkari has made "too big to fail" his signature issue since being appointed head of the Minneapolis Fed in January. He has held symposiums on the topic to get views from policymakers, academics and industry leaders about the best way to prevent future bailouts. A former Goldman Sachs banker who administered the U.S. Treasury Department's bailout program during the financial crisis that erupted in 2008, Kashkari has positioned himself as a reformed Wall Street banker who knows best how to fix the problem. He also ran for governor in California in 2014, but has declined to comment on future political ambitions. Oli Scarff/Getty Images Kashkari's initial comments about breaking up big banks earlier this year drew praise from then-presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont. Dodd-Frank advocates have argued that it will prevent future bank bailouts. But the Minneapolis Fed proposal argues there is still a 67 percent chance of one over the next 100 years. Kashkari's plan would reduce the likelihood of a future financial crisis over the next 100 years to roughly 9 percent, according to the proposal. The increased equity requirement for banks would replace an existing requirement that allows banks to use equity and long-term debt. The plan would also require the Treasury Secretary to certify that the banks subject to the rule are not "systemically important." Otherwise, they would face even tougher capital requirements. Banks subject to the rule will have $250 billion in assets, a group that would include Bank of America Corp, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & CO and Citigroup, among others. A group of so-called "shadow banks," with more than $50 billion in assets, like Blackrock Inc would face a tax of at least 1.2 percent on their debt. If the Treasury indicates any of those firms are systemically important, the tax would rise to 2.2 percent. "The tax would effectively make the cost of funds roughly equivalent between large banks and nonbanks," according to the plan, which was released Wednesday. Banks with less than $10 billion in assets would see looser regulations, since they do not pose a threat to the U.S. economy, Kashkari said. Insurers would also escape the rule, because their funding model is different. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Diane Craft) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival SEE ALSO: FED'S BULLARD: One rate hike could 'move monetary policy to a neutral setting' NOW WATCH: A hacker reveals a simple way to come up with a strong password that's easy to remember Loading video... More: Neel Kashkari Too Big To Fail facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The Minneapolis Fed has a plan to end 'too big to fail' The Minneapolis Fed has a plan to end 'too big to fail' (Reuters) - Minneapolis Federal Reserve... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Fed's Kashkari unveils plan to tackle 'too big to fail' banks and funds By Dan Freed ReutersNovember 16, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari speaks during an interview at Reuters in New York, United States on February 17, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid/File PhotoMore By Dan Freed (Reuters) - Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari unveiled a plan on Wednesday to prevent future government bailouts by forcing the largest U.S. banks to hold so much capital that they would probably decide to break up into smaller parts. Kashkari's plan would also penalize large asset managers, with the idea that so-called "shadow banks" can create systemic risks similar to that of big lenders. "We expect that institutions whose size doesn't meaningfully benefit their customers will be forced to break themselves up," the Minneapolis Fed said in a summary of its plan. The plan is sure to face fierce opposition from Wall Street. It would double the amount of loss-absorbing equity capital for large U.S. banks to 23.5 percent, thereby hurting profitability. It would also impose a new tax on hedge funds and other asset managers. Following Kashkari's speech, a spokeswoman for the Financial Services Forum, an industry trade group, said the plan would hurt economic growth and job creation. It may also be a tough sell for policymakers who have already imposed rules intended to eliminate the notion that some banks are "too big to fail," or TBTF. The prospects for Kashkari's plan under the administration of President-elect Donald Trump remain to be seen. Trump has been critical of Wall Street, and indicated he would support dismantling a 2010 financial reform law known as Dodd-Frank, but it is not clear whether he would support Kashkari's approach. Kashkari told reporters on Wednesday that he had no contact with the campaign before the election, nor has he had contact with Trump's transition team. However, lawmakers like Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling, who runs the House Financial Services Committee, have also argued for ratcheting up capital requirements to a level that would prompt big banks to split apart. Senate Banking Committee members Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, and David Vitter, a Republican, have also introduced legislation seeking to raise capital requirements. "I believe the biggest banks are still TBTF and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy," Kashkari said during a speech at the Economic Club of New York on Wednesday. Kashkari has made "too big to fail" his signature issue since being appointed head of the Minneapolis Fed in January. He has held symposiums on the topic to get views from policymakers, academics and industry leaders about the best way to prevent future bailouts. A former Goldman Sachs <GS.N> banker who administered the U.S. Treasury Department's bailout program during the financial crisis that erupted in 2008, Kashkari has positioned himself as a reformed Wall Street banker who knows best how to fix the problem. He also ran for governor in California in 2014, but has declined to comment on future political ambitions. Kashkari's initial comments about breaking up big banks earlier this year drew praise from then-presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont. In a report following Wednesday's event, Cowen & Co analyst Jaret Seiberg said Kashkari's plan "catapults (him) to the front of the line for a key job if Trump wants to continue his anti-Wall Street stance." Dodd-Frank advocates have argued that existing regulations already prevent future bank bailouts. Capital and liquidity requirements are now much higher, leverage has come down, and big banks are required to undergo annual stress tests and maintain plans for how they would wind themselves down in the event of a failure. But the Minneapolis Fed proposal argues there is still a 67 percent chance of bailouts happening again over the next century. Kashkari's plan would reduce the likelihood to roughly 9 percent, according to the proposal. Banks with more than $250 billion in assets would be subject to the proposed rule. That group includes Bank of America Corp <BAC.N>, JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, Wells Fargo & CO <WFC.N> and Citigroup <C.N>, among others. A group of so-called "shadow banks," with more than $50 billion in assets, like Blackrock Inc <BLK.N> would face a tax of at least 1.2 percent on their debt. The Treasury would play a role in implementing the rule. If a bank or fund is above the asset threshold but the Treasury Secretary does not certify that it is not "systemically important," it would face even tougher requirements. However, banks with less than $10 billion in assets would see looser regulations, since they do not pose a threat to the U.S. economy, Kashkari said. Insurers would also escape the rule because their funding model is different. Kashkari said he was "sympathetic" to the idea of loosening other regulations on banks if his plan is implemented. (Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Diane Craft) Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next Clinton's Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes ABC News Mike Pence: I wasn't offended by booing at 'Hamilton' Business Insider Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz The Starbucks "Trump" Cup Is Causing A Ton Of Controversy Delish 3,000 join hands around Green Lake in peaceful protest Q13 FOX Seattle Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Associated Press Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape ABC News Videos Merkel tells party ready to seek fourth term as chancellor AFP Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff 8 Arrested in White Lives Matter Protest Clash Near Texas Capitol ABC News Donald Trump Taps Sen. Jeff Sessions for Attorney General ABC News Videos Stephen Colbert and John Oliver Talk Trump, Fake News, and Terrible Stand-Up Gigs Yahoo TV Trump touts retired general as potential defense secretary AFP Report: Cowboys' Tony Romo prefers Denver as his next team Shutdown Corner Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Suddenly, Trump Has Three Middle East Crises on His Hands The Fiscal Times Mike Pence tries to end the 'Hamilton' drama while Trump stokes the flames PoBoy: Welcome to the presidency as reality show. Don't blame me, I voted for Hillary. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 28 Trump Agrees to Pay $25M to Settle Trump University Lawsuit ABC News Videos First Major Winter Storm of the Season Pummels Midwest and Great Lakes Region Good Morning America Blac Chyna Shows Off Tiny Waist and Bare Stomach Less Than Two Weeks After Giving Birth! Entertainment Tonight Candice Swanepoel Flaunts Her Ample Curves in Cute Snap with Baby Son InStyle Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff NYPD: UWS Robbers Hit Victim With Skateboard, Yelled 'Anti-White Statements' Gothamist Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' ABC News Videos Trump, Pence address potential of Romney, Mattis in Cabinet Associated Press ‘Saturday Night Live’ Recap: Kristen Wiig Comes Home for Thanksgiving Yahoo TV Trump children's roles blur line between transition, company Associated Press Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff Man killed after seven-hour standoff with SAPD KENS 5 San Antonio Remembering Journalist Gwen Ifill ABC News Videos Trump Blasts 'Saturday Night Live' as 'One-Sided Biased Show,' Asks 'Equal Time for Us?' Good Morning America Monaco’s Royal Twins Steal the Show at National Day — and Reveal Their Different Hair Colors People Yale students organize naked celebration just because Dr. Saturday Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Advisor Insight Trader Talk ETF Strategist Portfolio Perspective Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × The Fed Economy World Economy US Economy The Fed Central Banks Jobs GDP outlook Fed's Kashkari unveils plan to tackle 'too big to fail' banks and funds Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 7:51 AM ETReuters SHARES show chapters <p>Fed&#039;s Kashkari unveils plan to end &#039;too big to fail&#039;</p> <p>CNBC&#039;s Steve Liesman has the update from a speech by Minneapolis President Neel Kashkari on his proposal to overhaul banking regulations.</p> Fed's Kashkari unveils plan to end 'too big to fail'    Wednesday, 16 Nov 2016 | 7:43 AM ET | 01:43 Minneapolis Federal Reserve President Neel Kashkari unveiled a plan on Wednesday to prevent future government bailouts by forcing the largest U.S. banks to hold so much capital that they would probably decide to break themselves up. Kashkari's plan would also penalize large asset managers, with the idea that so-called "shadow banks" can create systemic risks similar to that of big banks. "We expect that institutions whose size doesn't meaningfully benefit their customers will be forced to break themselves up," the Minneapolis Fed said in a summary of its plan. The plan, which would double the amount of loss-absorbing equity capital for large U.S. banks and impose a new tax on hedge funds and other asset managers, is sure to face fierce opposition from Wall Street. It may also be a tough sell for policymakers who have already imposed rules intended to eliminate the notion that some banks are "too big to fail," or TBTF. However, its prospects may be better under the administration of President-elect Donald Trump and the new Congress. Trump has been critical of Wall Street, and indicated he would support dismantling 2010 financial crisis legislation known as Dodd-Frank, but it is not clear whether he would support Kashkari's approach. However, lawmakers such as Texas Rep. Jeb Hensarling, who runs the House Financial Services Committee, have also argued for ratcheting up capital requirements to a level that would prompt big banks to split apart. Senate Banking Committee members Sherrod Brown, a Democrat, and David Vitter, a Republican, have also introduced legislation seeking to raise capital requirements. "I believe the biggest banks are still TBTF and continue to pose a significant, ongoing risk to our economy," Kashkari said in planned remarks he was to deliver at the Economic Club of New York on Wednesday. Kashkari has made "too big to fail" his signature issue since being appointed head of the Minneapolis Fed in January. He has held symposiums on the topic to get views from policymakers, academics and industry leaders about the best way to prevent future bailouts. A former Goldman Sachs banker who administered the U.S. Treasury Department's bailout program during the financial crisis that erupted in 2008, Kashkari has positioned himself as a reformed Wall Street banker who knows best how to fix the problem. He also ran for governor in California in 2014, but has declined to comment on future political ambitions. Kashkari's initial comments about breaking up big banks earlier this year drew praise from then-presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont. Dodd-Frank advocates have argued that it will prevent future bank bailouts. But the Minneapolis Fed proposal argues there is still a 67 percent chance of one over the next 100 years. Kashkari's plan would reduce the likelihood of a future financial crisis over the next 100 years to roughly 9 percent, according to the proposal. The increased equity requirement for banks would replace an existing requirement that allows banks to use equity and long-term debt. The plan would also require the Treasury Secretary to certify that the banks subject to the rule are not "systemically important." Otherwise, they would face even tougher capital requirements. Banks subject to the rule will have $250 billion in assets, a group that would include Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Citigroup, among others. A group of so-called "shadow banks," with more than $50 billion in assets, like Blackrock Inc would face a tax of at least 1.2 percent on their debt. If the Treasury indicates any of those firms are systemically important, the tax would rise to 2.2 percent. "The tax would effectively make the cost of funds roughly equivalent between large banks and nonbanks," according to the plan, which was released Wednesday. Banks with less than $10 billion in assets would see looser regulations, since they do not pose a threat to the U.S. economy, Kashkari said. Insurers would also escape the rule, because their funding model is different. Neel Kashkari will appear on CNBC's "Squawk Box" Thursday at 6 a.m. ET. Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change BAC --- SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets Top firms said to face fines over rigging Euribor benchmark rate Ian Bolland @imbollPublished now Ian Bolland @imbollPublished now                                                                               JPMorgan Chase, HSBC and Credit Agricole are set to face antitrust fines as soon as next month over rigging the Euribor benchmark, wrapping up a five-year European Union investigation, according to two people familiar with the status of the case. Embed from Getty Images   Bloomberg News reports that EU regulators are making the final touches on a decision to fine the trio who shunned a settlement in late 2013, said the people who asked not to be identified because the decision isn’t public. The four other banks in the same probe agreed to pay penalties totaling about $888m. The EU’s investigation into Euribor manipulation was strained three years ago after Credit Agricole, JPMorgan and HSBC refused to join the multi-bank settlement with four other lenders including Deutsche Bank and Societe Generale. Since then, the holdouts have been a thorn in the European Commission’s side -- successfully delaying the process and showing up the regulator for its handling of the case. To access the complete Bloomberg News article hit the link below: JPMorgan, HSBC Said to Face EU Antitrust Fines Over Euribor Carney Is Growing Tired of the Global Central Bank Blame Game And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Ian Bolland More articles from Ian Bolland @imboll Google+ A journalism graduate of Liverpool John Moores University. During his time at university, Ian spent time on work experience at local newspapers in Liverpool, Bolton and Wigan, and prior to that he did work for The Observer's 'fans verdict'. Ian also has interests in news, current affairs and business but mostly sport, including football, rugby league, cricket, golf and Formula 1, amongst others. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Business Fintech Blockchain Singapore set to harness potential of blockchain for inter-bank payments Monetary Authority of Singapore, Singapore Exchange and eight major banks are involved in the project. By Jason Murdock November 16, 2016 10:54 GMT Singapore's central bank is embracing blockchain as 'proof-of-concept' plans toutediStock The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), the Singapore Exchange and eight major banks have together developed a proof-of-concept project to use blockchain technology to bolster inter-bank payments and cross-border transactions in foreign currency. The project, outlined in a speech at Singapore's Fintech Festival on Wednesday (16 November 2016) by Ravi Menon, managing director of the MAS, the state central bank, is aimed at streamlining the payments process and slashing the costs of transferring money. "Under the pilot system, banks will deposit cash as collateral with the MAS in exchange for MAS-issued digital currency," he said. "The banks can later redeem the digital currency for cash. Banks also have the option of using the existing payments gateway [...] to transact on the blockchain." According to Menon, participating banks would be able to pay each other directly instead of having to first send payment instructions via the central bank. "This is an improvement over current large-value payment systems that are centrally operated. It strengthens resilience and lowers cost," he said. He continued: "This project marks the first step in MAS' exploration of ways to harness the potential of central bank-issued digital currency. The next phase of the project will involve transactions in foreign currency, possibly with the support of another central bank." According to Bloomberg, a presentation shown during the event indicated that banks taking part in the project included Singapore's DBS Group Holdings, HSBC Holdings, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Credit Suisse Group and Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ. The project is supported by the R3 blockchain research lab and BCS Information Systems, Menon said. In light of rising security concerns over digital currency and blockchains – as major hacks are starting to take place – the banking official said a focus on cybersecurity is also needed. Blockchain is increasingly bring investigated by banks around the world iStock "A smart financial centre must be a safe financial centre," he asserted. "As more financial services are delivered over the Internet, there will be growing security and privacy concerns from cyber threats. Users will have confidence in new technologies and innovative services only to the extent they have confidence in cybersecurity." "Strengthening cybersecurity is therefore an important part of Singapore's FinTech agenda," he continued. "MAS works closely with other government agencies and the industry to help ensure cyber-defences are robust." Blockchain and distributed ledger technology, or DLT, originated with the virtual currency Bitcoin. It is a public ledger and record keeping system that doesn't rely on a central system to operate. Its multiple use cases are starting to be analysed by banks and financial institutions around the world. "The practical spin-offs from fundamental research in distributed ledgers and blockchains are beginning to be realised," Sopnendu Mohanty, chief fintech officer at the MAS said recently during the launch of the Asia Blockchain Centre of Excellence. He added: "MAS is pleased to collaborate with the financial industry through broad, international, consortia such as R3 to create and conduct rigorous experiments that will inform and encourage adoption of these advances." Read more on IBTimes UK Technology Bitnation brings forth 'Smart Love' for outlawed LGBT and inter-faith marriages on blockchain Bitcoin boost: Blockchain and Coinify join forces in industry milestone In the face of Trump's trade threats, China's Ant Financial wants to help America's SMEs Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close VW emissions scandal explained in 60 seconds Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event The Artificial Intelligence and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. Rolls-Royce shares fall after Emirates Airline flags technical issues with the British firm's engines Shares of Rolls-Royce closed 6.58% lower on Friday at £6.53, marking its lowest price in nearly five months. FX Focus: Euro in middle of longest-ever losing streak as dollar rallies Pound climbs above €1.17 for the first time in two months as common currency endures worst run in its history. Brexit backers attack 'nonsensical' Barack Obama over latest EU intervention Conservative MEP David Campbell Bannerman told IBTimes UK there is no transparency over TTIP. Bill Gates backs India's demonetisation move Microsoft founder says demonetisation will accelerate India's shift towards a digitised economy. R3 hosts the Second Smart Contract Templates Summit IBTimes speaks to Todd McDonald from R3, Dr Lee Braine from Barclays, and Sean Murphy from Norton Rose Fulbright. Equibit to begin beta testing blockchain-based OTC securities platform EDC has completed its Supernode installation and partnered with data centre giant Equinix. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
null
null
