Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Trump’s business adviser Jamie Dimon urges US, China to revive dialogue on economy, defence  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies SINO-US RELATIONS Sino-US relations Sino-US relations Trump’s business adviser Jamie Dimon urges US, China to revive dialogue on economy, defence PUBLISHED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 11:39am UPDATED : Saturday, 03 June, 2017, 12:01pm Comments:   Peggy Sito Alun John Share PrintEmail Related topics Sino-US relations Trade China Economy JPMorgan Chase More on this story Insight & Opinion A Sino-US deal on the South China Sea is difficult, but not impossible 20 Jul 2016 China Business Jack Ma’s Alibaba can create 1m US jobs, he tells Trump 10 Jan 2017 Insight & Opinion US-China ties must not fall victim to apocalyptic visions 4 Jan 2017 Diplomacy & Defence Beijing says Sino-US ties rely on one-China policy 13 Dec 2016 Diplomacy & Defence High-level Sino-US talks ‘to keep ties stable over last months of Obama’s term’ 2 Nov 2016 Related Articles Opinion US-China trade deal is no breakthrough, but it’s a start 3 Jun 2017 Insight & Opinion How US fears over Russian threat led to the rise of China 2 Jun 2017 Diplomacy & Defence Don’t let North Korea exploit mistrust: ex-US diplomat 30 May 2017 The governments of the United States and China, stewards of the world’s two largest economies, should revive the process and mechanism for a regular dialogue about economic, strategic and defence matters, said one of the business leaders who advises the American president. “Put everything that’s important on the table,” said Jamie Dimon, chairman of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and a member of Donald Trump’s business advisory council. Besides economics, trade and education, “there should be a consistent political and defence dialogue about the world,” not jut about the South China Sea, but also issues from North Korea’s nuclear weapons programme to the Middle East peace process, he said. “We all have a common interest in getting these things right, and you’re not going to get them right if you don’t talk about it,” Dimon said during an interview in Hong Kong with the South China Morning Post. The US and China had been conducting half yearly meetings called the Strategic Economic Dialogue (SED) since 2006 during the administrations of George W Bush and Chinese president Hu Jintao. Headed by treasury and finance ministry officials in both countries, five SEDs were held between 2006 and 2008. During the Obama administration and the years under Chinese presidents Hu Jintao and his successor Xi Jinping, the SED was expanded to give the US State Department a greater role, and renamed the Strategic & Economic Dialogue (S&ED). Trump, who came to occupy the White House with no prior experience in public office and governing, has surrounded himself with military men, business leaders and Wall Street executives for advice and counsel, in addition to the family members who form his inner circle. Several of them make up the business advisory council, led by Blackstone Group’s CEO Stephen Schwarzman, and comprising Dimon, PepsiCo’s CEO Indra Nooyi and General Motors’ CEO Mary Barra. Things haven’t gone well with Trump’s new administration, leading to three business advisers quitting since February. Uber Technologies Inc’s co-founder Travis Kalanick was first to resign, after he faced blowback from Uber drivers and riders over Trump’s executive order on immigration. Tesla’s chief executive Elon Musk and Walt Disney’s chief executive Bob Iger both quit their advisory roles this week after Trump announced he would pull the US from the Paris climate accord. Dimon himself doesn’t agree with everything that Trump says or does, and “absolutely disagreed” with Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris pact. “I don’t know anyone who agrees with everything that a president or prime minister says,” Dimon said. The key is to “engage each other and have more open dialogue,” he said. Head of the largest US bank since 2004, Dimon, 61, has spent his career making deals all over the world, with years in Asia and China. Some of the experience may offer alternatives to the new president, and help him ditch his campaign rhetoric for the art of governance. China is not a currency manipulator, although the country has engaged in trade practices that aren’t entirely free or fair, Dimon said, citing cybersecurity, intellectual property, tariffs and the non-fulfilment of World Trade Organisation obligations. “I think the Chinese know that, and I don’t think they deny that. But it’s not about yelling and screaming and pointing fingers, it’s about sitting down, having a constructive dialogue,” and recognising that “what might have been fair 15 years ago may not be fair today,” he said. The country is also making efforts and progress toward becoming a market economy, he said. What matters to American businesses, including the ones headed by Trump’s corporate advisors, is the World Trade Organisation’s principle of reciprocal right to markets, particularly one with the size of China’s 1.3 billion people. “I don’t think many people among the US business community operating in China were particularly concerned about whether China was manipulating the yuan,” said Andrew Gilholm, director of analysis, Greater China and North Asia at Control Risks. “They are more concerned about reciprocity.” China’s banking regulator in March loosened the licensing requirement on foreign banks,part of the process of liberalising the financial industry, a move that’s lauded by the man whose bank reports US$700 million in revenue from China. “One day, I want to own 100 per cent of our activities in China, not 49 per cent, and do anything,” he said. “I honestly believe that 49 per cent ownership is a structural problem and leads to bad governance.” An open market would help China improve the efficiency of state enterprises and nip corruption in the country, and said that his bank can play an important part to help improving the corporate disclosure, governance and enhance corporate standards of Chinese companies. Dimon, who got an earful from investors during JPMorgan’s shareholders meeting three weeks ago for his advisory role in the Trump circle, said he would continue to offer his counsel. “I am a patriot, I want to help the President to do a better job,” he said. The president is the pilot of a plane, and “if you’re in an air plane, you’d better be rooting for that pilot.” SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Hong Kong ‘turns blind eye’ as workers sleep in cupboards, kitchens, even toilets 3 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 4 China and US need to talk, says Trump’s business adviser 5 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels Shared 1 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? 2 Hong Kong ‘turns blind eye’ as workers sleep in cupboards, kitchens, even toilets 3 Chinese banks told to report overseas withdrawals and transactions 4 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 5 Oracle partners Tencent in aiming for China cloud computing Commented 1 Will China’s only vigil for the Tiananmen crackdown survive? 2 Chinese tourist destroys in seconds what nature took 3,000 years to build 3 Hong Kong ‘turns blind eye’ as workers sleep in cupboards, kitchens, even toilets 4 Young Hongkongers ‘pushed to localism by Beijing policies’ 5 Is Hong Kong heading for biggest property crash since 1997? Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong What is it like to sleep like some of the foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong? Jun 3rd 2017, 11:47am Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Live Report: PolyU – THE Innovation & Impact Summit - Conference Day 2 Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Kingstone Companies (KINS) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.28 Modine Manufacturing (MOD) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.29 Orrstown Financial Services (ORRF) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Study Shows Insider Selling: Pattern Energy Group Inc (PEGI) Insider Sells 1,200 Shares of Stock Capital Southwest Co. (CSWC) Director Joseph B. Armes Sells 1,000 Shares Gencor Industries, Inc. (DE) (GENC) Director Sells $32,200.00 in Stock EULAV Asset Management Has $11,865,000 Position in Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) EULAV Asset Management Has $8,057,000 Stake in IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Macerich Co (MAC) Position Increased by Legal & General Group Plc Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Shares Sold by Legal & General Group Plc 25,800 Shares in CF Industries Holdings, Inc. (CF) Acquired by QUANTRES ASSET MANAGEMENT Ltd Macerich Co (MAC) Position Boosted by Utah Retirement Systems Legal & General Group Plc Raises Stake in IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Utah Retirement Systems Acquires 700 Shares of UDR, Inc. (UDR) Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Receives $74.81 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Mastercard Inc (MA) PT at $119.60 Analysts Set Stifel Financial Corp (SF) Price Target at $56.33 Analysts Set Exelon Co. (EXC) Target Price at $38.88 Analysts Set Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Target Price at $101.08 JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News articles about JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) have been trending positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a division of Accern, ranks the sentiment of news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. JPMorgan Chase & Co. earned a media sentiment score of 0.28 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave press coverage about the financial services provider an impact score of 79 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. Here are some of the media headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s analysis: Comparing Bank Of America’s P/E Ratios To JPMorgan Chase And Wells Fargo (seekingalpha.com) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Has $192.56 Million Position in Alexandria Real Estate Equities Inc (ARE) (forextv.com) J.P. Morgan Asset Management Appoints Joanna Gallegos Head of U.S. ETFs (finance.yahoo.com) JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon speaks out against Trumps's clim… (finance.yahoo.com) [$$] Week in Review, June 3 (finance.yahoo.com) A number of equities research analysts recently commented on JPM shares. Daiwa Capital Markets upgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “hold” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Rafferty Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $97.00 price target (up from $96.00) on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Credit Suisse Group AG upped their price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a $100.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Monday, March 20th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $80.43. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) traded down 0.51% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $82.64. 14,998,489 shares of the stock were exchanged. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 52-week low of $57.05 and a 52-week high of $93.98. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $85.96 and a 200-day moving average of $86.24. The stock has a market cap of $293.56 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.72 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also saw some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Traders purchased 44,646 put options on the stock. This represents an increase of approximately 180% compared to the typical daily volume of 15,943 put options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The company had revenue of $25.59 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24.40 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $1.35 earnings per share. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.69 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, July 3rd. This represents a $2.00 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.42%. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s payout ratio is 31.02%. In other JPMorgan Chase & Co. news, Director James S. Crown purchased 11,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $85.48 per share, for a total transaction of $983,020.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 299,862 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $25,632,203.76. The acquisition was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the sale, the insider now owns 47,384 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,132,358.64. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 20,711 shares of company stock worth $1,775,791 in the last 90 days. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-getting-favorable-news-coverage-report-shows.html. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Novavax Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novavax Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bellevue Group AG Maintains Position in Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Bellevue Group AG Has $205,000 Position in Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) Israel Discount Bank of New York Takes Position in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Invests $22.47 Million in Gartner Inc (IT) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Sells 53,655 Shares of Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Upgraded to Hold by ValuEngine Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (MPB) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold MSB Financial Corp. (MSBF) Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Jill Foss Watson Sells 26,051 Shares AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Chairman Steven H. Collis Sells 15,000 Shares Galen Partners V. Lp Sells 200,000 Shares of Tactile Systems Technology Inc (TCMD) Stock $0.37 Earnings Per Share Expected for Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) This Quarter $0.39 EPS Expected for Universal Electronics Inc (UEIC) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) to Announce $1.31 EPS BlackRock Municipal Income Trust II (BLE) Declares $0.07 Monthly Dividend BlackRock Municipal Bond Trust to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.06 (BBK) Turner Investments LLC Sells 600 Shares of HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) Clark Capital Management Group Inc. Holds Position in Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) Bellevue Group AG Maintains Position in Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bellevue Group AG held its stake in Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 325,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Bellevue Group AG’s holdings in Novavax were worth $416,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp increased its stake in Novavax by 99.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,971,040 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $25,163,000 after buying an additional 9,947,481 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Novavax by 41.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,708,105 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,746,000 after buying an additional 1,095,388 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Novavax during the fourth quarter valued at $3,300,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in Novavax by 0.9% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,215,100 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $1,555,000 after buying an additional 10,347 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Alden Global Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Novavax during the fourth quarter valued at $807,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 60.36% of the company’s stock. Shares of Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX) traded down 2.88% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $1.01. The stock had a trading volume of 4,333,019 shares. The firm’s market cap is $285.42 million. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $0.91 and a 200 day moving average price of $1.22. Novavax, Inc. has a 52-week low of $0.73 and a 52-week high of $8.49. Novavax (NASDAQ:NVAX) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.16) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.18) by $0.02. Novavax had a negative return on equity of 189.14% and a negative net margin of 1,908.41%. The company had revenue of $5.68 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.17 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.29) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 34.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that Novavax, Inc. will post ($0.61) EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/bellevue-group-ag-maintains-position-in-novavax-inc-nvax.html. Several analysts have weighed in on NVAX shares. Cantor Fitzgerald reiterated a “neutral” rating and set a $2.00 price target on shares of Novavax in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. ValuEngine downgraded Novavax from a “sell” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Friday. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Novavax in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Chardan Capital reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $1.50 price target on shares of Novavax in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Novavax from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $1.75 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $5.61. In other Novavax news, insider Stanley C. Erck acquired 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The shares were bought at an average price of $0.84 per share, with a total value of $42,000.00. Following the acquisition, the insider now owns 128,279 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $107,754.36. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Insiders acquired a total of 105,000 shares of company stock worth $90,800 in the last ninety days. 3.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Novavax Company Profile Novavax, Inc is a clinical-stage vaccine company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of recombinant nanoparticle vaccines and adjuvants. The Company operates through developing recombinant vaccines segment. The Company, through its recombinant nanoparticle vaccine technology, produces vaccine candidates to respond to both known and newly emerging diseases. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NVAX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Novavax, Inc. (NASDAQ:NVAX). Receive News & Ratings for Novavax Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Novavax Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance First Republic Bank - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Republic Bank with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Crescent Point Energy Co. (CPG) Lowered to “Sell” at ValuEngine Rafferty Asset Management LLC Boosts Position in AvalonBay Communities Inc (AVB) Rafferty Asset Management LLC Has $2.61 Million Position in First Republic Bank (FRC) Century Communities, Inc (CCS) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at ValuEngine Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Crescent Point Energy (CPG) Share Price Commercial Vehicle Group (CVGI) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.37 SS&C Technologies Holdings (SSNC) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.36 Janus Capital Group (JNS) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, Study Shows Deutsche Multi-Market Income Trust (KMM) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Study Finds Caretrust REIT (CTRE) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.34 Symantec (SYMC) Earning Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds First Internet Bancorp (INBK) Director Purchases $26,390.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Synergy Pharmaceuticals Inc (SGYP) Director Buys $23,335.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Lumina Gold Corp (LUM) Insider Purchases C$23,100.00 in Stock Christopher Douglas Martin Sells 3,000 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) Stock Joe Allanson Sells 279 Shares of salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Stock Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Raises Position in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Analysts Set Standard Chartered PLC (STAN) Price Target at $666.47 Brokerages Set Core Laboratories (CLB) Target Price at $126.25 Rafferty Asset Management LLC Has $2.61 Million Position in First Republic Bank (FRC) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Rafferty Asset Management LLC increased its position in First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) by 279.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 27,846 shares of the bank’s stock after buying an additional 20,511 shares during the period. Rafferty Asset Management LLC’s holdings in First Republic Bank were worth $2,612,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 26.2% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,951,600 shares of the bank’s stock worth $558,320,000 after buying an additional 1,236,848 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 14.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 5,046,316 shares of the bank’s stock worth $464,961,000 after buying an additional 651,265 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 24.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 4,739,266 shares of the bank’s stock worth $436,676,000 after buying an additional 929,909 shares during the last quarter. C WorldWide Group Holding A S boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 12.0% in the first quarter. C WorldWide Group Holding A S now owns 2,810,903 shares of the bank’s stock worth $263,691,000 after buying an additional 301,004 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Thrivent Financial for Lutherans boosted its position in shares of First Republic Bank by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Thrivent Financial for Lutherans now owns 1,346,775 shares of the bank’s stock worth $124,091,000 after buying an additional 14,910 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 97.08% of the company’s stock. First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) traded down 0.99% on Friday, reaching $93.97. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 666,582 shares. First Republic Bank has a 52-week low of $63.97 and a 52-week high of $97.43. The firm has a market cap of $14.78 billion, a PE ratio of 23.44 and a beta of 1.03. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $92.16 and its 200 day moving average price is $91.75. First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 13th. The bank reported $1.01 earnings per share for the quarter, meeting the consensus estimate of $1.01. The company had revenue of $601.14 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $626.14 million. First Republic Bank had a return on equity of 12.38% and a net margin of 27.98%. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.88 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that First Republic Bank will post $4.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, May 11th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 27th were issued a $0.17 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, April 25th. This represents a $0.68 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.72%. This is a boost from First Republic Bank’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.16. First Republic Bank’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 16.49%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/rafferty-asset-management-llc-has-2-61-million-position-in-first-republic-bank-frc.html. FRC has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods set a $90.00 price target on First Republic Bank and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Zacks Investment Research cut First Republic Bank from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $109.00 price target on shares of First Republic Bank in a research report on Monday, May 15th. JMP Securities initiated coverage on First Republic Bank in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $111.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG raised their price target on First Republic Bank from $98.00 to $101.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $98.62. First Republic Bank Company Profile First Republic Bank is a commercial bank and trust company. The Bank specializes in providing services, including private banking, private business banking, real estate lending and wealth management services, including trust and custody services, to clients in selected metropolitan areas in the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for First Republic Bank (NYSE:FRC). Receive News & Ratings for First Republic Bank Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for First Republic Bank and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Fri Jun 2, 2017 | 4:21pm EDT Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review By Pete Schroeder and David Henry As Wall Street awaits President Donald Trump's vision for financial regulation, big U.S. banks are pushing for a lucrative change his appointees can execute without a legislative fight: easing annual stress tests. First conducted by the Federal Reserve in 2009 to increase confidence in the system, bankers say the tests have morphed into a mysterious, laborious and time-consuming process from what was once a straightforward exam of financial strength. The outcome determines how much capital banks must hold, and how they can use what is left. But getting a passing grade can be tough. JPMorgan Chase & Co, the biggest U.S. bank, calls on hundreds of employees to work on stress test submissions each year. Morgan Stanley, the sixth largest, submits a file of over 25,000 pages. Reducing the tests’ complexity and frequency could not only save man-hours, but help the U.S. economy by stimulating more lending, bankers and lobbyists said in recent interviews. "While we believe that stress-testing is the best way to gauge capital adequacy, we also believe that a fresh look at how stress-testing is conducted could produce significant benefits for economic growth," said Greg Baer, president of industry trade group The Clearing House Association. Bankers have been making their case in meetings with legislators, in reports sent to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who is stewarding the financial overhaul by the Republican administration, and in public comments to investors and securities analysts. Easing up on stress tests could significantly boost returns. For example, Nomura Instinet analyst Steven Chubak estimates JPMorgan could increase annual profits by about $2.5 billion, or 10 percent, under a more relaxed framework. There are more than a few skeptics pushing back on the industry's pleas. Hawkish regulators and former regulators oppose the idea of lightening stress tests too much. "As proposals for regulatory change swirl about, it is crucial that the strong capital regime be maintained, especially as it applies to the most systemically important banks,” former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo, who led regulatory matters, said in April. “Neither regulators nor legislators should agree to changes that would effectively weaken that regime." Consumer advocates, anti-Wall Street groups and influential lawmakers such as Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat, have also fought any loosening of bank regulations, arguing the industry would embrace reckless practices again. While bond investors and ratings agencies are happy to see robust capital levels, stock investors are clamoring for banks to boost share buybacks and dividends. Wall Street analysts have been asking what banks would do with unleashed capital, and the picture is mixed. JPMorgan has said it would like to extend more credit to small businesses and home buyers if the government eases up on lending restrictions. Citigroup Inc, in contrast, has emphasized buying back stock because its shares are trading for less than the company is worth. The industry's stress-test offensive is happening as Washington re-examines financial reforms, in what will likely be a lengthy and heated debate. The Treasury Department is expected to release its first in a series of reports on overhauling regulations early next week, while House Republicans are scheduled to vote on their own financial regulatory reform bill. Despite assurances by Trump that rules will be rewritten, there appears to be insufficient support in Congress. At least eight Senate Democrats would be needed to pass any broad law rewrite, which is unlikely. However, the Fed has broad discretion to make changes to the stress tests. POOR EXECUTION When it comes to the stress tests, bankers argue that the goal is noble, but the execution is poor. For instance, the Fed scores loan portfolios for losses under hypothetical economic catastrophes but does not explain its methodology, which changes year-to-year. Even if banks pass numerically, they can fail for "qualitative" problems like risk management. And, in their own calculations, lenders cannot consider steps they would take to conserve capital, something bankers describe as irrational. "The world will end three times over, but you need to factor in the fact that you probably paid dividends in that time, and you wouldn't shrink your balance sheet, and you would continue to pursue mergers and acquisitions," one executive said. Bankers say they sweat through every year's process, worried they will miss unseen hurdles. The uncertainty causes them to lend less than they otherwise would, they argue. The Fed has resisted any wholesale reimagining of stress tests, and major revisions are unlikely until new Fed governors are confirmed. Three board seats including the supervisory post are open. But there are signs the Fed could become more accommodative. For instance, banks will receive "more guidance" on qualitative matters when stress test results are announced on June 22, Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Thursday. Bankers are hoping bigger changes will happen before the Fed issues instructions for the 2018 stress tests early next year. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Dollar Express sues Dollar Tree for driving it out of business WASHINGTON U.S. discount retailer Dollar Express has filed a lawsuit accusing rival Family Dollar and its parent company Dollar Tree Inc of driving it out of business, the third government-required divestiture to fail in recent years. Former tuna company executive accused of price-fixing WASHINGTON A former tuna company executive faces one charge of conspiring with officials from other tuna companies to fix the price of canned seafood from 2011 to 2013, according to a court filing. Fate of Trump travel ban hinges on emergency U.S. Supreme Court request WASHINGTON President Donald Trump faces an uphill fight convincing the Supreme Court it should grant his emergency request to reinstate his travel ban on people entering the United States from six predominantly Muslim countries. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Pictures of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Zagg Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zagg Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 241,626 Shares of SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $40.75 Million Position in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Shares Bought by Alliancebernstein L.P. Unisys Co. (UIS) Shares Bought by Spark Investment Management LLC Spark Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Montag & Caldwell LLC Has $971,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $3.16 Million in Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Alliancebernstein L.P. Raises Stake in Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $41.07 Million Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Sold by Axa MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Acquires 60,483 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Stake Held by Spark Investment Management LLC Geospace Technologies Co. (GEOS) Director Sells $83,385.00 in Stock Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Energy Fuels (UUUU) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Hooker Furniture (HOFT) Share Price Old National Bancorp (ONB) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Inphi (IPHI) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.40 TFS Financial (TFSL) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Director Sells $129,812.07 in Stock Spark Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Spark Investment Management LLC cut its position in Zagg Inc (NASDAQ:ZAGG) by 22.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 299,200 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock after selling 87,400 shares during the period. Spark Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Zagg were worth $2,154,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Zagg by 0.4% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 24,142 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $174,000 after buying an additional 91 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Zagg by 0.4% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 28,525 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $205,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. American International Group Inc. boosted its stake in Zagg by 7.0% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 16,976 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 1,117 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in Zagg by 1.4% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 220,871 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $1,591,000 after buying an additional 3,106 shares during the period. Finally, Cadence Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Zagg by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 139,159 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $988,000 after buying an additional 3,527 shares during the period. 82.83% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Zagg Inc (NASDAQ:ZAGG) traded down 1.16% during trading on Friday, reaching $8.50. 359,739 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $7.82 and a 200-day moving average of $7.07. The firm’s market cap is $237.67 million. Zagg Inc has a 52-week low of $4.74 and a 52-week high of $9.15. Zagg (NASDAQ:ZAGG) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty retailer reported ($0.12) EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.13) by $0.01. The company had revenue of $92.95 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $88.29 million. Zagg had a positive return on equity of 12.02% and a negative net margin of 1.77%. On average, equities analysts forecast that Zagg Inc will post $0.77 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/spark-investment-management-llc-cuts-position-in-zagg-inc-zagg.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on ZAGG shares. Roth Capital set a $6.00 price objective on shares of Zagg and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. TheStreet upgraded shares of Zagg from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Zagg from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Wunderlich decreased their price target on shares of Zagg from $10.00 to $8.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Zagg Company Profile ZAGG Inc (ZAGG) designs, produces and distributes professional product solutions for mobile devices, including screen protection (glass and film), keyboards for tablet computers and mobile devices, keyboard cases, earbuds, mobile power solutions, cables, and cases under the ZAGG and InvisibleShield brands. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ZAGG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Zagg Inc (NASDAQ:ZAGG). Receive News & Ratings for Zagg Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Zagg Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unisys Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unisys Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliancebernstein L.P. Sells 241,626 Shares of SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $40.75 Million Position in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Proofpoint Inc (PFPT) Shares Bought by Alliancebernstein L.P. Unisys Co. (UIS) Shares Bought by Spark Investment Management LLC Spark Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Montag & Caldwell LLC Has $971,000 Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) Spark Investment Management LLC Invests $3.16 Million in Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Alliancebernstein L.P. Raises Stake in Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Alliancebernstein L.P. Has $41.07 Million Stake in Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc (HII) Shares Sold by Axa MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Stake Reduced by Alliancebernstein L.P. Alliancebernstein L.P. Acquires 60,483 Shares of Cimpress NV (CMPR) Cognex Co. (CGNX) Stake Held by Spark Investment Management LLC Geospace Technologies Co. (GEOS) Director Sells $83,385.00 in Stock Positive Media Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Energy Fuels (UUUU) Stock Price Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Hooker Furniture (HOFT) Share Price Old National Bancorp (ONB) Earning Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Inphi (IPHI) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.40 TFS Financial (TFSL) Receiving Favorable Press Coverage, Report Finds Sanderson Farms, Inc. (SAFM) Director Sells $129,812.07 in Stock Unisys Co. (UIS) Shares Bought by Spark Investment Management LLC June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Spark Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Unisys Co. (NYSE:UIS) by 45.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 152,347 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after buying an additional 47,747 shares during the period. Spark Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Unisys were worth $2,125,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in UIS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Unisys by 36.8% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,753,446 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $66,310,000 after buying an additional 1,279,885 shares in the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of Unisys by 11.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,512,498 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $112,312,000 after buying an additional 769,314 shares in the last quarter. Numeric Investors LLC increased its stake in shares of Unisys by 940.1% in the fourth quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 381,735 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $5,707,000 after buying an additional 345,035 shares in the last quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN increased its stake in shares of Unisys by 556.7% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 383,972 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock valued at $5,357,000 after buying an additional 325,498 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Mckinley Capital Management LLC Delaware bought a new stake in shares of Unisys during the first quarter valued at about $3,801,000. Shares of Unisys Co. (NYSE:UIS) traded up 0.41% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $12.35. The company had a trading volume of 681,646 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $622.53 million. Unisys Co. has a 52-week low of $6.72 and a 52-week high of $16.70. The company’s 50-day moving average is $11.78 and its 200 day moving average is $13.55. Unisys (NYSE:UIS) last announced its earnings results on Monday, April 24th. The information technology services provider reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.08. The business had revenue of $664.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $629.38 million. Unisys had a negative return on equity of 10.20% and a negative net margin of 1.69%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.11 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Unisys Co. will post ($1.98) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Unisys Co. (UIS) Shares Bought by Spark Investment Management LLC” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/unisys-co-uis-shares-bought-by-spark-investment-management-llc.html. About Unisys Unisys Corporation (Unisys) is an information technology (IT) company. The Company operates through two segments: Services and Technology. The Company offers services, which include cloud and infrastructure services, application services and business process outsourcing services. In technology segment, the Company designs and develops software, servers and related products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding UIS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Unisys Co. (NYSE:UIS). Receive News & Ratings for Unisys Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unisys Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review By Reuters Published: 16:14 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 16:14 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail By Pete Schroeder and David Henry June 2 (Reuters) - As Wall Street awaits President Donald Trump's vision for financial regulation, big U.S. banks are pushing for a lucrative change his appointees can execute without a legislative fight: easing annual stress tests. First conducted by the Federal Reserve in 2009 to increase confidence in the system, bankers say the tests have morphed into a mysterious, laborious and time-consuming process from what was once a straightforward exam of financial strength. The outcome determines how much capital banks must hold, and how they can use what is left. But getting a passing grade can be tough. JPMorgan Chase &amp; Co, the biggest U.S. bank, calls on hundreds of employees to work on stress test submissions each year. Morgan Stanley, the sixth largest, submits a file of over 25,000 pages. Reducing the tests´ complexity and frequency could not only save man-hours, but help the U.S. economy by stimulating more lending, bankers and lobbyists said in recent interviews. "While we believe that stress-testing is the best way to gauge capital adequacy, we also believe that a fresh look at how stress-testing is conducted could produce significant benefits for economic growth," said Greg Baer, president of industry trade group The Clearing House Association. Bankers have been making their case in meetings with legislators, in reports sent to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who is stewarding the financial overhaul by the Republican administration, and in public comments to investors and securities analysts. Easing up on stress tests could significantly boost returns. For example, Nomura Instinet analyst Steven Chubak estimates JPMorgan could increase annual profits by about $2.5 billion, or 10 percent, under a more relaxed framework. There are more than a few skeptics pushing back on the industry's pleas. Hawkish regulators and former regulators oppose the idea of lightening stress tests too much. "As proposals for regulatory change swirl about, it is crucial that the strong capital regime be maintained, especially as it applies to the most systemically important banks," former Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo, who led regulatory matters, said in April. "Neither regulators nor legislators should agree to changes that would effectively weaken that regime." Consumer advocates, anti-Wall Street groups and influential lawmakers such as Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Democrat, have also fought any loosening of bank regulations, arguing the industry would embrace reckless practices again. While bond investors and ratings agencies are happy to see robust capital levels, stock investors are clamoring for banks to boost share buybacks and dividends. Wall Street analysts have been asking what banks would do with unleashed capital, and the picture is mixed. JPMorgan has said it would like to extend more credit to small businesses and home buyers if the government eases up on lending restrictions. Citigroup Inc, in contrast, has emphasized buying back stock because its shares are trading for less than the company is worth. The industry's stress-test offensive is happening as Washington re-examines financial reforms, in what will likely be a lengthy and heated debate. The Treasury Department is expected to release its first in a series of reports on overhauling regulations early next week, while House Republicans are scheduled to vote on their own financial regulatory reform bill. Despite assurances by Trump that rules will be rewritten, there appears to be insufficient support in Congress. At least eight Senate Democrats would be needed to pass any broad law rewrite, which is unlikely. However, the Fed has broad discretion to make changes to the stress tests. POOR EXECUTION When it comes to the stress tests, bankers argue that the goal is noble, but the execution is poor. For instance, the Fed scores loan portfolios for losses under hypothetical economic catastrophes but does not explain its methodology, which changes year-to-year. Even if banks pass numerically, they can fail for "qualitative" problems like risk management. And, in their own calculations, lenders cannot consider steps they would take to conserve capital, something bankers describe as irrational. "The world will end three times over, but you need to factor in the fact that you probably paid dividends in that time, and you wouldn't shrink your balance sheet, and you would continue to pursue mergers and acquisitions," one executive said. Bankers say they sweat through every year's process, worried they will miss unseen hurdles. The uncertainty causes them to lend less than they otherwise would, they argue. The Fed has resisted any wholesale reimagining of stress tests, and major revisions are unlikely until new Fed governors are confirmed. Three board seats including the supervisory post are open. But there are signs the Fed could become more accommodative. For instance, banks will receive "more guidance" on qualitative matters when stress test results are announced on June 22, Fed Governor Jerome Powell said on Thursday. Bankers are hoping bigger changes will happen before the Fed issues instructions for the 2018 stress tests early next year. (Reporting by Pete Schroeder in Washington and David Henry in New York; Editing by Lauren Tara LaCapra and Phil Berlowitz) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA 'I can see her bikini wax!': Now Alesha Dixon leaves viewers outraged with her BGT dress... as defiant Amanda Holden dons ANOTHER plunging gown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd uses a wheelchair on family holiday as she battles extreme pelvic pain condition... as she reveals she's rushed herself to hospital Lateysha Grace shows off her ample derriere in electric blue bikini during sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza... after having FOUR fat transfer operations From how long to wait before meeting to picking the perfect picture (and when to bow out): How to REALLY succeed at online dating... as told by the expert!   SPONSORED 'I was hoping the storyline would finish': Coronation Street fans are left 'heartbroken' as Bethany Platt pledges her love to Nathan after he is arrested on child exploitation charges  'I couldn't look at myself in the mirror if I did nothing': Simon Cowell 'to fund' £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen BGT dancer Julia Carlile 'We are not f**king scared': Robbie Williams breaks down in tears as he dedicates performance to Manchester terror attack victims  'If you're going to mime at least move your lips': Former X Factor stars 5 After Midnight are accused of lipsyncing as they perform debut track on BGT  Curves ahead! Hilary Duff shows off her bountiful backside as she shares a laugh on set with leggy Sutton Foster Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn A designer who works only for him Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off on father Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Blasts autobiography 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'It is going to be the sexiest Love Island EVER': Caroline Flack promises steamy scenes are on the cards for the ITV2 show...after THAT 2016 raunchy bedroom romp Busty Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris and Louie Spence's Dreamboy nephew Lotan Carter lead the new batch of Big Brother housemates 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Impassioned piece TOWIE's Jamie Reed cosies up to stunning girlfriend Jade Lewis as she puts on a sizzling display in plunging silk mini-dress at mental health awareness gala Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her blossoming baby bump in a tasselled top as she puts on energetic performance in glittering hot pants at Hull Festival 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' The Missing People Choir make the BGT finals after leaving Amanda Holden in tears with their heartbreaking performance  Moving Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  They all needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's bash Gary Barlow lights up the stage with Take That in Birmingham... amid claims band are reuniting with Robbie Williams for special performance at Manchester benefit concert Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Tom Daley, 23, pens second cookbook and launches cookery site to emulate naked chef's success  The 23-year-old wants to emulate Jamie Oliver Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce t. 'My manhood is worth £12million': New Big Brother contestant Lotan Carter took out penis insurance 'to protect his most valuable asset' Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Head over heels On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a hand up from her backing dancers after bending a little TOO far during Vegas show Going overboard Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning frame while raising a glass on Barbados break... as husband Wayne meets a delighted fan nearby 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Pippa's £120,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's five-star holiday featuring  £250 lunch, designer bikinis galore and a 15-minute flight costing £500  Jesy Nelson teases her leg tattoo in just a thigh-skimming T-shirt... ahead of Little Mix's performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert Twenty years after childhood classic Matilda premiered we reveal where the child stars are now... and they're COMPLETELY unrecognisable Justin Bieber touches his nipples after hugging a mystery bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York What's he trying to suggest? 'What's the big deal? Simon Cowell's always showing his moobs!': David Walliams defends Amanda's dress... as BGT outfit sparks Ofcom complaints Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a pose to model her newest Good American jeans Cheeky Beauty conscious Amy Childs sports hair in rollers as she takes newborn Polly for a day out... after admitting she had a blow dry 'mid-labour' Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool  'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Tallia Storm embraces a more sophisticated look in a ruffled jumpsuit with a low-cut neckline as she attends charity ball in style Elegant  Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica Seen with a laptop-carrying female friend Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? Entertainer's name dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy... as he reveals his extreme 'pineapple and nuts' diet Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez Famed for her curves Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump in blue satin kimono as she enjoys a tennis match from the sidelines PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Wright flashes a hint of underboob and flaunts her toned abs as she takes a dip in the sea with her personal trainer in Dubai My toyboy ex-lover is dead and I'm racked with grief This week BEL MOONEY advises Diana, who is heartbroken after her former lover's death Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Very chiseled legs Sadie Frost cuts an elegant figure in a green silk gown alongside boyfriend Darren Strowger at Epsom races... after sparking split speculation following VERY public row Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert She took centre stage Make-up free Lisa Snowdon, 45, goes NAKED as she strips off for steamy bathtub photograph The radio personality, 45, left little to imagination Working up a sweat! Bella Thorne is seen with rumored on-again actor beau Gregg Sulkin at his soccer game They both wore a sheepish look Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat Sporty Glamorous Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Family time Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Legs for days! Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom in a black bikini on a seaside getaway after completing her work on Britain's Next Top Model Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester concert Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York The Adidas ambassador opted for a chic outfit 'She was full on NAKED!' Horrified Nick Grimshaw reveals Rita Ora WEED in a bin in front of him at Radio 1's Big Weekend... (and he had to clean it up!) Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? How his name has been dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages over the pool party death arrest  'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Birds of a feather flock together No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event Bold and bright Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend  She's said to be 'head over heels'  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Styled by Moschino Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with footballer beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht trip Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Locks cascading down Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Usually in underwear Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back She sure is winning SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's David Platt joins Shona Ramsey in hunt for groomed niece Bethany after gang rape scene Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Sealed with a kiss! Joey Essex puckers up with bikini-clad girlfriend Georgie Purves as the pair enjoy lunch at an Ibiza beach bar All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram 'He nearly weed in my mouth!' Kieron Richardson reveals perils of fatherhood... as he reveals he chose the names of newborn twins Chase and Phoebe in a chicken restaurant 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself ready for a workout Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine Looked as delectable as her own dishes 'It sucks': Jon Hamm talks Jennifer Westfeldt split as he admits he may be a 'narcissist' and is 'damaged'... after 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale Singer Brandy taken to hospital after 'falling unconscious on Delta flight' as plane was about to take off in LA The hit maker was flying to New York City  Just an ordinary girl! Drew Barrymore puts her make-up on in the subway carriage window Not with the entourage you expect of A-listers Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with husband Marcus Mumford ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC She still lives with her parents A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at LA screening for his new movie Baby Driver Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping their romance out of the spotlight 'They've brought a whole new energy with them': Sarah Jayne Dunn reunites with screen boyfriend Gary Lucy as she returns to Hollyoaks after six-year absence Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot Skintight crimson cocktail dress  Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her growing baby bump in breezy maxi dress as she greets a pal over lunch with boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson 'Get her Ofcom!' TV watchdogs assess Amanda Holden's plunging gown that outraged BGT viewers after it receives MORE complaints than Corrie's gang rape episode The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City 'Wedding vibes!' Kate Wright wears a low-cut dress and gets into the celebratory spirit at a friend's nuptials... as her supposed romance with Rio Ferdinand continues 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Baby-moon continued on Friday Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Looked stunning Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of the ravages of war What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Smiling happily Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' Melanie Sykes, 46, showcases her rock hard stomach in a sizzling mirror snap... after proving that she's always had the same gym-honed physique Missing People Choir sing their hearts out as they rehearse for Britain's Got Talent semi-final... after Simon Cowell tipped the group for victory  'You are labelled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Klass-y lady: Myleene dresses for summer in a blush pink lace midi dress and wedge heels as she arrives at Smooth Radio Fabulous physique Sean Penn was 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after a fellow passenger on a Delta flight was 'rude' about star's carry-on bags 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Shared a photo of a card that said 'It's a guy' Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester suicide attack  Beaming Alexa Chung turns rock chick in racy leather biker dress with zip-detail as she flaunts her endless legs during Paris outing The Dowager would approve! Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville looks suitably dapper as he joins glam wife at Epsom racecourse Ivanka Trump sports a bold lipstick and a short monochrome dress to face soaring temperatures in D.C. Knock knock! Casey Batchelor gets caught answering her front door in nothing but busty lingerie and a sexy silk robe Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she heckles Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant during NBA Finals Chris Clark and Amber Dowding put on a defiant front as they smooch at birthday meal... after the TOWIE star admitted the REAL reason behind his split from Jesy Nelson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... as dad Joe sits in prison So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at the airport after quitting hit show Still looked stunning EXCLUSIVE Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented artist's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes shots Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair during walk in LA... a week after letting her natural colour shine through Star studded sunnies! FEMAIL chats with Jeremy Piven about his under sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn steals limelight at wrap party... as Nathan Henry and beau Craig Richards show off romance on show for the first time Ex-Geordie Shore star Chantelle Connelly and Love Island's Katie Salmon flaunt their ample assets as they go TOPLESS while hitting beach in Ibiza 'We are not here to talk about that!' Caroline Flack refuses to answer questions about her alleged new boyfriend in Love Island interview live from the new villa 'Look how cute you are!' Beth Ditto flirts up a storm with Rochelle Humes during TV interview... and forgets that it's her wedding anniversary with wife Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Lucy Fallon recalls the moment tearful sexual abuse survivor praised her Corrie grooming storyline as she laid flowers for victims of Manchester bombing Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom Ellie Goulding puts on a VERY busty display in sizzling bikini selfie... after performing at charity fundraiser Actress Tina Hobley bemoans the 'extraordinary' lack of female radio presenters as she reveals the joys of hosting her own drive time show Something boring you? Bella Thorne, 19, leaves a sweaty gym session with her sister Dani, 24... but the pair are glued to their phones Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Paying the Price! Former glamour model Katie gets ANOTHER parking ticket slapped on her lavish £70,000 pink Range Rover 'How can you be 50 and think that?' The Chase fans left stunned by 'dim witted' answer from contestant who thought the Statue of Liberty was PINK Love Island's Olivia Buckland showcases her curves in a nude one piece at her swimwear launch... as she puts on a loved-up display with fiancé Alex Bowen Evan Rachel Wood debuts quirky ombre turquoise hair as she cuddles her son, 3, while arriving at LAX airport 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles And on the tenth day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by glam women SPOILER ALERT: The Taylor family are set to stir up trouble when they move to Albert Square... as EastEnders bosses tease an 'explosive' summer 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen introduces pretty blonde Jools as the pair celebrate his daughter's 12th birthday She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her flexibility as she partakes in a workout session in Japan Caring Brad Pitt treats the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood following his sudden death Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles with a cane after breaking his foot as he jets out of LA airport Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Natasha Hamilton cuts an edgy figure in flesh-flashing slashed jeans paired with plunging tee as she takes daughter Ella into London hotel Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celeb Instagram account throwing shade at his ex Kylie Jenner No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner honouring the late actor as Sydney actor walks away with the prize Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton bum bag as she heads to NYC 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Olivia Newton-John and daughter Chloe Lattanzi in Sharknado 5... following Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Tom Hughes played the charismatic, psychotic, rat-catcher/killer. But the woman he was stalking seemed just as unhinged in Paula Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cinemark Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cinemark Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Shares Bought by Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Vident Investment Advisory LLC Buys New Position in MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Invests $463,000 in YRC Worldwide Inc (YRCW) Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Shares Bought by Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Increases Stake in ScanSource, Inc. (SCSC) Ryder System, Inc. (R) Position Raised by Neuberger Berman Group LLC Neuberger Berman Group LLC Sells 143,429 Shares of Kimco Realty Corp (KIM) Lonmin Plc (LNMIY) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Sell Erste Group Bank AG (EBKDY) Upgraded at ValuEngine OptimizeRx Co. (OPRX) Raised to “Sell” at ValuEngine BAE Systems PLC (BAESY) Raised to Buy at ValuEngine FNCB Bancorp Inc (FNCB) Raised to Hold at ValuEngine ValuEngine Downgrades Debenhams PLC (DBHSY) to Hold ValuEngine Downgrades Anglo American plc (NGLOY) to Buy Tate & Lyle PLC (TATYY) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine Norsk Hydro ASA (NHYDY) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Bioline RX (BLRX) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Bojangles (BOJA) Receiving Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Wintrust Financial Corp (WTFC) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $279.58 Million Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Vident Investment Advisory LLC purchased a new stake in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CNK) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 4,512 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $200,000. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in CNK. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Cinemark Holdings by 2.0% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,935,079 shares of the company’s stock valued at $263,160,000 after buying an additional 118,492 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of Cinemark Holdings by 25.0% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 5,407,320 shares of the company’s stock worth $207,425,000 after buying an additional 1,082,798 shares in the last quarter. Mawer Investment Management Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Cinemark Holdings by 42.3% in the first quarter. Mawer Investment Management Ltd. now owns 3,256,308 shares of the company’s stock worth $144,385,000 after buying an additional 967,579 shares in the last quarter. Jennison Associates LLC increased its stake in shares of Cinemark Holdings by 5.9% in the first quarter. Jennison Associates LLC now owns 3,000,315 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,034,000 after buying an additional 167,327 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Credit Suisse AG increased its stake in shares of Cinemark Holdings by 842.5% in the third quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 1,666,182 shares of the company’s stock worth $63,781,000 after buying an additional 1,489,400 shares in the last quarter. 90.73% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK) traded up 0.99% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $40.94. 1,117,756 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $42.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $41.64. The firm has a market capitalization of $4.74 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.27 and a beta of 0.97. Cinemark Holdings, Inc. has a 1-year low of $32.60 and a 1-year high of $44.84. Cinemark Holdings (NYSE:CNK) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The company reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.07. The company had revenue of $779.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $750.75 million. Cinemark Holdings had a return on equity of 20.75% and a net margin of 8.06%. Cinemark Holdings’s revenue for the quarter was up 10.7% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.50 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Cinemark Holdings, Inc. will post $2.38 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 22nd. Investors of record on Thursday, June 8th will be issued a dividend of $0.29 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 6th. This represents a $1.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.86%. Cinemark Holdings’s dividend payout ratio is 53.47%. WARNING: “Vident Investment Advisory LLC Purchases New Position in Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (CNK)” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/vident-investment-advisory-llc-purchases-new-position-in-cinemark-holdings-inc-cnk.html. A number of research analysts have issued reports on the stock. B. Riley reissued a “buy” rating and set a $53.50 target price on shares of Cinemark Holdings in a research note on Tuesday, April 18th. FBR & Co increased their target price on shares of Cinemark Holdings from $42.00 to $46.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Wedbush increased their target price on shares of Cinemark Holdings from $40.00 to $43.00 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company. Cinemark Holdings has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $45.13. In related news, EVP Michael Cavalier sold 13,055 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.03, for a total transaction of $574,811.65. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 173,171 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $7,624,719.13. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, EVP Tom Owens sold 8,475 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.00, for a total value of $372,900.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 54,720 shares in the company, valued at $2,407,680. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 48,139 shares of company stock worth $2,115,894. 9.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Cinemark Holdings Company Profile Cinemark Holdings, Inc is engaged in the motion picture exhibition business with theatres in the United States (U.S.), Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, Peru, Ecuador, Honduras, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Guatemala, Paraguay, Curacao and Bolivia. The Company manages its business in two segments: U.S. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CNK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cinemark Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:CNK). Receive News & Ratings for Cinemark Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cinemark Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hometrust Bancshares Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hometrust Bancshares Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Position Raised by Blair William & Co. IL EAM Investors LLC Sells 5,476 Shares of Southern First Bancshares, Inc. (SFST) Hometrust Bancshares Inc (HTBI) Shares Sold by EAM Investors LLC Blair William & Co. IL Acquires New Stake in Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Blair William & Co. IL Invests $2.25 Million in Lear Co. (LEA) Blair William & Co. IL Sells 64,474 Shares of Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Blair William & Co. IL Has $2.62 Million Stake in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Acceleron Pharma (XLRN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Insider Selling: Barnes Group Inc. (B) Director Sells $56,060.00 in Stock Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Director Sells $62,240.00 in Stock Cary M. Flanagan Sells 2,454 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cameron International (CAM) Stock Price Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Petroquest Energy (PQ) Share Price Ducommun (DCO) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cynosure (CYNO) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.04 Unisys (UIS) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.35 Polycom (PLCM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Hometrust Bancshares Inc (HTBI) Shares Sold by EAM Investors LLC June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet EAM Investors LLC lowered its stake in shares of Hometrust Bancshares Inc (NASDAQ:HTBI) by 75.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 18,153 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 56,061 shares during the period. EAM Investors LLC’s holdings in Hometrust Bancshares were worth $427,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Hometrust Bancshares by 79.5% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 46,783 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $1,100,000 after buying an additional 20,726 shares in the last quarter. Nine Chapters Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in Hometrust Bancshares during the first quarter valued at $202,000. TFS Capital LLC acquired a new position in Hometrust Bancshares during the first quarter valued at $249,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Hometrust Bancshares by 2.2% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 105,978 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,491,000 after buying an additional 2,253 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Eidelman Virant Capital increased its position in Hometrust Bancshares by 25.9% in the first quarter. Eidelman Virant Capital now owns 17,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $399,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares in the last quarter. 58.75% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Hometrust Bancshares Inc (HTBI) traded up 0.80% during trading on Friday, reaching $25.25. 28,805 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Hometrust Bancshares Inc has a 52 week low of $17.28 and a 52 week high of $27.05. The stock has a market capitalization of $473.59 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.87 and a beta of 0.34. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $24.71 and a 200-day moving average price of $24.55. Hometrust Bancshares (NASDAQ:HTBI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The financial services provider reported $0.27 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $28.61 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $26.55 million. Hometrust Bancshares had a net margin of 12.74% and a return on equity of 3.85%. Analysts predict that Hometrust Bancshares Inc will post $1.00 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Hometrust Bancshares Inc (HTBI) Shares Sold by EAM Investors LLC” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/hometrust-bancshares-inc-htbi-shares-sold-by-eam-investors-llc.html. Several research firms have recently weighed in on HTBI. TheStreet raised shares of Hometrust Bancshares from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $26.00 price target on shares of Hometrust Bancshares in a research note on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Compass Point began coverage on shares of Hometrust Bancshares in a research note on Thursday, May 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $29.00 price target on the stock. Hometrust Bancshares Company Profile HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc is a bank holding company of HomeTrust Bank (the Bank). The Bank’s principal business consists of attracting deposits from the public and investing those funds, along with borrowed funds, in loans secured primarily by first and second mortgages on one- to four-family residences, including home equity loans, construction and land/lot loans, commercial real estate loans, construction and development loans, commercial and industrial loans, indirect automobile, and municipal leases. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HTBI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hometrust Bancshares Inc (NASDAQ:HTBI). Receive News & Ratings for Hometrust Bancshares Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hometrust Bancshares Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/deere-good-deal-good-upgrade-1496422499 Stocks to Watch Deere: Good Deal, Good Upgrade? JPMorgan upgraded shares of Deere after the agricultural equipment manufacturer's announcement that it would buy Wirtgen Group. By Ben Levisohn June 2, 2017 12:54 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large In December, I recommended buying shares of Deere (DE) after the farm equipment manufacturer traded a new all-time high. It's hit another one today after JPMorgan upgraded it to Neutral from Underperform today. Illustration: Agence France-Presse/Getty Images Deere's shares are up 24% since my call--50% during the past 12 months--so what are JPMorgan's Ann Duignan and Thomas Simonitsch seeing that made them upgrade it now? How about yesterday's announced acquisition of Wirtgen Group? They explain: Yesterday DE announced the planned acquisition of Wirtgen Group, the private, German-based road construction equipment company; the stock was up 1.8% vs. S&P 500 up 0.8%. Management has agreed to pay a total consideration of €4.6B (or ~$5.2B) in an all cash transaction, representing 9.5x EV/EBITDA on Wirtgen’s 2017 estimates or 7.9x EV/EBITDA including DE’s 2022 synergy assumptions. Overall, we appreciate the strategic fit of the acquisition to the extent that Wirtgen should improve the reach and breadth of DE’s C&F product offering, opening up new markets for growth; at the same time, the pro forma exposure reduces DE’s dependence on A&T, mitigating some of the key risks underlining our prior UW rating (our view on the next cycle in US agriculture especially). At first glance, synergies of €100MM by year five appear very conservative despite limited overlap between the businesses; we estimate savings in strategic sourcing alone may be worth €180MM. We like the strategic rationale behind the deal and Wirtgen appears to be a good company based on its product quality and reputation as well as the financial history available to us; whether it is a good investment for DE is harder to gauge at this point, though we would expect the market to view the deal favorably. As such, we can no longer justify an UW rating on DE, despite the continued risks to its core businesses; we are upgrading to Neutral and raising our Dec-17 price target to $122 (from $103) Shares of Deere have risen 0.6% to $125.47 at 12:51 p.m. today, while the Industrial Select Sector SPDR ETF (XLI) has gained 0.9% to $68.52. Text Size Regular Medium Large Stocks PREVIOUS Ford & GM: Has the Downside Risk Intensified? NEXT Canada Goose: The Proof is in the Plumage Most Popular Arista ‘Clears the Decks’ in Cisco Patent Fight, Cheers Needham 4 Emerging Market ETF Winners: India, Greece & Turkey Top List Unscrubbed, Unloved: Dow Hits New High as Growth Concerns Grow Einhorn Compares GM to Apple and Explains Why He’s Short Tesla Broadcom Surges 9%: Street Dazzled by ‘iPhone 8′ Prospects Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 599 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Dodd-Frank Act explained With the Dodd-Frank Act in political crosshairs, it's worth revisiting the act's history and purpose. Post to Facebook The Dodd-Frank Act explained With the Dodd-Frank Act in political crosshairs, it's worth revisiting the act's history and purpose.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2l1hyPb {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 139 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs The Dodd-Frank Act explained John Maxfield, The Motley Fool Published 3:37 p.m. ET Feb. 3, 2017 | Updated 6:46 p.m. ET Feb. 3, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share White House press secretary Sean Spicer said the executive order will encourage growth. Video provided by Newsy Newslook With the Dodd-Frank Act in political crosshairs, it's worth revisiting the act's history and purpose. (Photo: Getty via iStock/Thinkstock) 599 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 139 COMMENTEMAILMORE After every major financial crisis over the past century, policymakers in the executive and legislative branches of the United States government have passed sweeping legislation to overhaul the way banks do business. The Panic of 1907 prompted the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, which created our central bank. The Great Depression led to the Glass-Steagall Act of 1933, which established the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and prohibited the cohabitation of investment and commercial banks. And the litany of crises throughout the 1970s and 1980s convinced Congress to broadly deregulate the bank industry through a series of wide-ranging legislative acts. USA TODAY Trump to dismantle Dodd-Frank Wall Street rules through executive orders It's only through this lens of historical context that one can truly appreciate the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, which came on the heels of the financial crisis that erupted two years earlier. Fighting the last war Generals are often accused of "fighting the last war," in that they set their strategies going forward based on their most recent combat experience. This can be a mistake, of course, because times change. Strategies evolve. Adversaries adjust. Weapons systems advance. The same can be said of the intent behind the Dodd-Frank Act, which was conceived with the best of intentions. Fissures in global financial markets were first exposed in August 2007 when a leading bank in Europe, France's BNP Paribas, stopped allowing investors to withdraw capital from two funds that held mortgage-backed securities. The situation escalated seven months later when Bear Stearns experienced a liquidity crisis. The investment bank's institutional clients stopped providing the funds the bank needed to stay afloat. Things got so dire that the federal government offered JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM) a $30 billion loan to facilitate its acquisition and thus rescue. But it wasn't until September 2008 that the crisis climaxed with the failure of Lehman Brothers, the nation's fourth-biggest investment bank at the time. The stock market plummeted. Credit markets froze. And countless companies, both within the financial sector and outside of it, found themselves on the brink of failure. The fear pulsing through the credit markets was particularly alarming because it made it impossible for even the most creditworthy of companies such as General Electric to access the funds needed to cover its payroll and other ordinary operating costs. The government's initial response was swift. It arranged Bank of America's (NYSE: BAC) purchase of Merrill Lynch. It nationalized all but a small sliver of American International Group, the massive insurance company that had insured vast swaths of investment securities backed by subprime mortgages. And it injected tens of billions of dollars' worth of capital into the nation's leading banks, including JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Citigroup (NYSE: C), and Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC). These were stopgap measures, however, more akin to CPR than to a long-term solution to cardiac problems. The latter came in the form of the Dodd-Frank Act, which was passed two years later in a heavily partisan vote spearheaded by Democrats and opposed by Republicans. "The White House will call this a victory," said then-Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky. "But as credit tightens, regulations multiply, and job creation slows even further as a result of this bill, they'll have a hard time convincing the American people that this is a victory for them." CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share President Donald Trump will sign an executive order that will rollback some of the financial sector regulations put in place following the global crisis in 2008. Newslook The too big to fail problem The Dodd-Frank Act was designed to ensure that a financial crisis like that in 2008 won't happen again. As such, it sought to attack the principal problem that policymakers believed had caused the crisis in the first place – the growth and proliferation of too-big-to-fail banks. The notion of banks being too big to fail has a rich history. Almost all of the greatest financial crises in American history were aggravated by the failure of large financial institutions, which further sapped confidence in the financial sector and, prior to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation's founding, led to the destruction of countless peoples' liquid wealth. This is why the eponymous founder of JPMorgan Chase worked tirelessly during the Panic of 1907 to stop the bank runs occurring up and down Wall Street at the time. His actions were vindicated 25 years later when an otherwise ordinary recession transformed into the Great Depression due to a tsunami of bank failures. USA TODAY 5 signs you can trust your financial adviser But it wasn't until 1984 that the term "too big to fail" became part of our broader lexicon with the failure of Continental Illinois, one the country's largest banks at the time. In an almost identical series of events to the ones that brought down Bear Stearns more than 30 years later, Continental Illinois saw its funding sources evaporate after rumored problems at the bank led institutional investors to empty their accounts. Explaining the Dodd-Frank Act In an effort to prevent crises like these in the future, the policymakers behind the Dodd-Frank Act underwrote a series of critical reforms. The act increases the amount that capital banks must hold in reserve, giving the banks an added cushion to absorb loan losses in future downturns. It similarly requires banks to keep a larger portion of their assets invested in things that can be easily liquidated in the event of a bank run – namely, cash and government securities as opposed to term loans. The act also subjects the nation's biggest banks to a series of heightened regulatory requirements not faced by regional and community banks. Under Dodd-Frank, every bank with more than $50 billion worth of assets on its balance sheet must submit to annual stress tests administered by the Federal Reserve, which then determines if they would survive a hypothetically severe crisis akin to the one in 2008. As a part of the stress tests, these banks must also seek regulatory approval to increase their dividends or authorize new share repurchase programs. Even among the biggest banks, moreover, the Dodd-Frank Act makes distinctions. The biggest among them are classified as global systemically important banks, or G-SIBs, which must hold an additional tranche of capital, known as the G-SIB surcharge. This is particularly burdensome for JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup which have to keep as much as 3% their shareholders' equity laying fallow in cash or low-yielding but highly liquid securities. These banks must also submit resolution plans to regulators each year, detailing how they could be resolved without causing harm to the financial markets in the event they go bankrupt. The Dodd-Frank Act has reintroduced central tenets of the Glass-Steagall Act as well, which had been gradually eroded over the years after originally forbidding commercial banks from running trading operations. The iteration of the rule in Dodd-Frank, known as the Volcker Rule, outlaws proprietary trading at universal banks and thereby limits their trading operations to serving as market makers for institutional clients. And last but certainly not least among the major changes introduced by the Dodd-Frank Act was the founding of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which is vested with the authority to protect consumers from unfair, deceptive, or abusive financial products and services. At the end of the day, in turn, while one can argue about the prescience and necessity of the Dodd-Frank Act, there's simply no doubt that it has fundamentally transformed the banking and financial services industry. The main question now is whether or not this transformation will be permanent, or, as has been promised by policymakers of late, just a temporary blip in the history of banking that could soon go away. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: 10 stocks we like better than Bank of America When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Bank of America wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017 599 CONNECTTWEET 11 LINKEDIN 139 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2l1hyPb
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} A Model Of Recovery For America's Cities {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By Allison Arieff Detroit has a way with comebacks. In 1933, the city began emerging from the Great Depression with a little help from public-private-partnerships. Spurred by the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, the federal agency mandated with stabilizing U.S. banks, the National Bank of Detroit (NBD) was formed. On its opening day on March 24, 1933, customers swarmed the new NBD to open 562 accounts, bringing in bundles of currency and coins ranging from a few hundred dollars to hundreds of thousands. America’s “Motor City” was on the mend. JPMorgan Chase Detroit’s recovery demonstrates how targeted efforts fueled by data and collaboration can work to solve a city’s problems. Today, Detroit’s recent revitalization bears some resemblance to the past. Despite shifts in the city’s biggest industry, residents of the Motor City spend money with local businesses at a rate greater than other U.S. cities, powering the local economy. It’s clear that any solution to Detroit’s challenges has to start at the community level. This is also why public-private-partnerships continue to play a crucial role. In 2013, the Mayor’s office and a range of local groups including JPMorgan Chase – which has been in Detroit for more than 80 years and acquired the NBD during that time – helped fuel a recovery focused on stabilizing neighborhoods, re-training the workforce for today’s job market and bolstering local small businesses, all while attracting new investors. JPMorgan Chase was an early leader in this strategy, committing $100 million in 2014 with plans to expand that to $150 million by 2019. And the work underway in the city has helped JPMorgan Chase develop and refine its approach to creating economic opportunity – resulting in a model that can be applied elsewhere. For a city that was losing population just four years ago, the latest indicators are encouraging: Unemployment has nearly halved and 8,000 more Detroiters are working now than at this time last year. The downtown area, once blighted and abandoned, is flourishing with restaurants and businesses. Some 2,000 vacant homes are being rehabbed and reoccupied. But Detroit’s recovery is not just the feel-good story of America’s rustbelt – it’s a lesson in urban revival. The city’s revitalization is about more than access to capital. It’s about collaboration and public-private-partnership. A thriving city means thriving companies and an evolving, growing workforce that calls that place home. Data-Driven Workforce Development While governments, planners and economists have long sought to help cities grow smart, there are few precedents for managing the ones that have shrunk. This is partly because of the evolving demands of the labor market. Here, Detroit’s use of data is an example for other cities. Detroit partnered with the Corporation for Skilled Workforce and JPMorgan Chase to research employment barriers. Their research produced two reports in early 2016 evaluating the city’s untapped labor potential and solutions for increasing the employment rate. The data stemming from the reports helped inform a reconstituted Mayor’s Detroit Workforce Development Board, a team of workforce professionals in Detroit that pinpoint high demand industries so training programs can tailor their offerings to meet the market demands. The board’s efforts are also supported by the Workforce Intelligence Network in Detroit, which keeps track of open jobs by location and industry, to provide the city and trainers with actionable market data. To date, 15,000 Detroiters have received career and technical training. One example is The Greening of Detroit, a nonprofit devoted to restoring the city's tree infrastructure while providing training for skilled jobs in forestry, urban agriculture and landscaping. By aligning its programs with available jobs and workforce data, the organization boasts an 83 percent job placement rate. “We are helping to make these folks work-ready so they can get into the workforce and earn a decent living wage,” says Devon Buskin, workforce development director, the Greening of Detroit. Of course, a model for recovery not only addresses the workforce, it must be inclusive of the businesses that sustain it. Open For Business In Detroit, 43 percent of consumer purchases came from residents shopping in the same neighborhood where they live, according to 2016 research by the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Although this measure is higher than any other U.S. city, not all of Detroit’s small businesses were thriving. In 2014, when JPMorgan Chase made its initial $100 million investment in Detroit, they focused on growing incubators, such as TechTown and Eastern Market, to provide local ventures with the resources and skills training needed to succeed. The incubators spurred growth, but research soon showed that a portion of Detroit’s most important small businesses were being left behind. Many of the minority-owned small businesses weren’t expanding or even surviving because they couldn’t get access to funding. Minority-owned construction companies, for example, couldn’t bid on higher-end development projects because they didn’t have the funds to get more employees or equipment. This deeper understanding of the city’s needs led JPMorgan Chase to reposition its public-private partnerships with small businesses, a core part of their philosophy of testing and refining ideas over time. Out of these circumstances emerged the Entrepreneurs of Color (EOC) program, a fund designed expressly to help minority-owned small businesses. It has awarded over 40 small businesses with $3.3 million in critical capital since it began making loans just over a year ago. Today, Detroit’s minority-owned small businesses are expanding, not just surviving. Half of EOC loans have been to women minority-owned companies, like Marlene Brooks who was able to open a new hair salon, Dymond Designs, in downtown Detroit and Benkari, a plumbing company owned by the first African American female master plumber in Michigan. “There are a lot of factors at play in Detroit,” says Detroit Development Fund president Ray Watters, “A lot that needs to be helped. It’s not just the lending that we do. JPMorgan Chase has gotten involved in the mortgage program to help more residents own homes. They’ve moved into education to help with education of young residents. This broad approach has ripple effects.” Stabilizing Detroit’s Neighborhoods One sign of strong communities is population growth and neighborhood development. And while the populations of big cities like New York, London and San Francisco have been growing, Detroit’s was rapidly dwindling, due in part to failing neighborhood infrastructure. Like many cities, Detroit was overrun with unoccupied properties – approximately 91,000 vacant lots and 78,000 abandoned properties. That’s why JPMorgan Chase directed $50 million of its investment to building and supporting two new community development funds with Invest Detroit, a local community development organization, and Capital Impact Partners, a national organization focused on revitalizing neighborhoods. The funds finance community development projects in and adjacent to Detroit’s urban core with the goal of creating livable and workable spaces that attract and retain residents. These two development funds used the company’s initial investment to leverage $147 million in outside investment, supporting over $270 million worth of development projects completed or underway in Detroit. The investment in these two funds created or preserved 800 units of housing, 800 jobs, and over 175,000 square feet of commercial space. One such project included converting an abandoned midtown warehouse of the iconic Detroit motor company, Willys Overland, into new residential and retail space. The now thriving community development proudly display’s the original motor company’s logo and boasts modern residential lofts and storefronts for local small businesses like Shinola Detroit, the Jolly Pumpkin and RUNDetroit. JPMorgan Chase Detroit residents sit outside of Jolly Pumpkin, a local craft brewery, enjoying the spring weather and Jolly’s locally-renowned brews. The Jolly Pumpkin sits in the new Willys Overland development, which was previously an abandoned warehouse of an old Detroit motor company. It is now the site of modern residential lofts and small business storefronts. The downtown and Woodward Ave corridors are also seeing development with the rehabilitation of the 1212 Griswold building in Capital Park and the creation of The Shoppes at Woodward Park, which will become an epicenter of small business retail along the new Detroit light rail. To further stabilize Detroit’s neighborhoods, JPMorgan Chase invested $5 million toward a new $30 million Strategic Neighborhoods Fund that will dedicate critical resources towards commercial and residential real estate, jobs and community infrastructure in several Detroit neighborhoods over the next decade. The company also partnered with the Detroit Land Bank Authority to expand the program’s reach and help Detroit fight neighborhood blight. The Land Bank in turn partnered with a local Detroit entrepreneur, Jerry Paffendorf, and his start-up, Loveland Technologies. After 180 Detroiters took to the streets surveying over 376,000 parcels of land, the group launched the Motor City Mapping Project (MCM), an online map showing all of Detroit’s property information. The information has since helped the city and community groups devise plans to remove blighted properties and rehabilitate abandoned ones. The quality of life in Detroit’s communities improves with each such development. At this pace, Detroit’s population will continue to stabilize – and flourish. Connecting Detroit: The M-1 Rail Blighted neighborhoods were not Detroit’s only signature challenge. The city’s automobile legacy bears the consequence of a historically underfunded and under-prioritized public transportation system. Until recently. In 2014, JPMorgan Chase provided $1.5 million in direct funds and facilitated raising $13.5 million in New Markets Tax Credits to help the city finance its new light rail, a 3.3-mile project to connect Detroit’s downtown to the cultural district. The light rail is expected to serve 5,400 riders a day, according to Michigan’s Department of Transportation, and has brought in new investors to develop housing and commercial opportunities along the light rail’s path. In addition to partnering on public infrastructure, the company has sent over 100 employees to Detroit to advise on economic growth opportunities and help the city expand its global footprint through trade. The Detroit Service Corps, as it’s called, is a three-week program that matches employees from a variety of cities worldwide with local nonprofit projects. In addition to helping build capacity for nonprofits in Detroit, the program helps globalize lessons learned in different cities. JPMorgan Chase Detroit’s recovery demonstrates how targeted efforts fueled by data and collaboration can work to solve a city’s problems. Cities can’t have small businesses if they don’t have a workforce to support them. And a workforce can’t thrive without stable communities and the means to get to and from them. While every city is unique in its own way and requires tailored solutions, Detroit’s comeback is a model for other cities to follow. Allison Arieff is a contributing POLITICO Focus writer covering urban infrastructure and revitalization. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} America's Comeback City: The Rebirth Of Detroit {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe In recent years, the city of Detroit, Michigan has earned the nickname “America’s Comeback City”—and rightfully so. Detroit’s unemployment rate dropped to 5.3 percent in 2016, down from a high of 19 percent. The poverty rate is now 13.4 percent, a full point below the national average. This transformation is proving that America’s industry cities can move forward and thrive as the economy evolves. JPMorgan Chase In Detroit’s Midtown neighborhood, a wave of development is bringing new life to the community and spurring the city's rebirth. Through private sector investments, including an expected $150 million commitment from JPMorgan Chase by 2019, and collaboration with the public sector, the city is rebuilding from the ground up, and revitalization is coming faster than anyone could have imagined when the city filed for bankruptcy in 2013. The city is creating more reasons for locals to stay while also attracting new residents, a combination that is stabilizing and growing the local economy. The Midtown neighborhood has bounced back particularly quickly: adding nearly 150 new businesses and 1,500 new residents since 2013. More than 50,000 people now work in the area—and through new developments projects, many are starting to live there, too. As recently as 2014, 30 percent of Detroit’s residential buildings stood vacant or only partially occupied. A 1920s-era, 56-unit building on Alexandrine Street was one of them—about 40 percent occupied, partly by squatters who didn’t pay rent. The rest of the units were uninhabitable, with crumbling walls and long-outdated plumbing and wiring. “It was almost a detriment to the community,” says Jacob Horner, a vice president at PK Development, the firm that undertook the renovation. “The fourth floor had such extensive water damage, it was uninhabitable.” PK completed a gut renovation of Rainer Court in just 18 months, a pace made possible by a $6 million investment from JPMorgan Chase. Now, the 19th century masonry is once again an ode to the neighborhood’s storied past. A repaired skylight sends light streaming into the lobby, and its 36 new apartments feature much more than a fresh coat of paint. “They are blown away,” property manager La’Nore Rice says of her tenants, most of whom previously lived within a five-mile radius and yet had never seen a transformation like the one at Rainer Court. Just three months after reopening in September 2015, the building was already close to full occupancy. Now, the entire neighborhood is at 98-percent occupancy. It’s a welcome change from 2014, and Rice is looking forward to seeing what new growth Rainer Court’s renovation and other investments bring to her long-neglected block. “It’s getting better,” she says,“ and it’s going to continue to get better—but I’d like to see it stay that way.” When Norman Silk and Dale Morgan opened their flower shop Blossoms in the late 1970s along a stretch of Third Avenue not far from Rainer Court, the area was part of the red light district. Nonetheless, Blossoms built up a loyal following, from neighborhood regulars to the board and patrons of the nearby symphony hall. Over time, though, Midtown’s rising crime and the city’s economic distress made it hard to keep employees—and harder still to find willing new ones. “When they heard it was in Midtown, they’d say, ‘Oh no, I’m not working there,’” Norm recalls. Eventually Blossoms left Third Avenue for a suburb, a move many businesses were taking by the early 1990s. Norm kept close tabs on Detroit as the city’s revival took hold, and especially when the buzz started to focus on Midtown. “That’s when we started thinking about coming back,” he says. This year, he turned that thought into action. Blossoms reopened on Third Avenue in August 2016, shortly after the renovated Rainer Court started leasing new units and the neighborhood started drawing in new coffee shops, groceries, and retail stores—all within walking distance, in a neighborhood where walking wasn’t even safe just a few years before. The biggest change, though, is who comes through the door. Lots of Blossoms’ clientele are regulars and long-time Detroiters, some from local families spanning three generations, but new customers come in every day, recently including a few residents of Rainer Court who came in looking for wedding bouquets. Blossoms’ new-old neighborhood is a community now, he says, and he thinks that sense of home will anchor the neighborhood into the indefinite future. “You walk up and down this block, and these places are owned by real people,” he says. “This neighborhood is authentic, and it’s real.” Much like Rainer Court, the 19th-century Victorian building on the opposite corner of Third Avenue and Alexandrine was also unoccupied and showing its age by 2014. But with so many new businesses opening and development plans cropping up, neighborhood veteran Jason Peet saw an opportunity. All of these new residents would likely have family and friends coming to visit, and these new businesses would attract new customers. Surely, they’d need somewhere to stay—why not provide that right within the neighborhood? In 2016, after extensive renovation, the once-crumbling Victorian reopened as the El Moore. It serves now as half hotel, half residential apartments. In the morning, as hotel guests and residents share breakfast in the parlor, those conversations turn into recommendations—and sometimes even invitations to explore Detroit together. That’s exactly the effect Jason hoped the renovation would have. “It’s so important that each project not only take care of that building,” he says, “but also start to stitch communities back together.” Before Rainer Court and the El Moore were renovated, he recalls, “there was no one out on the street. Now people will pass each other, stop, have a conversation. Having those gatekeeper buildings makes that happen.” Mid-sentence, Jason had to excuse himself to answer his phone. The caller turned out to be a resident of Rainer Court, looking to book a hotel stay for her father, who would soon be visiting from Spain. “Those visitors will go home and talk to other people about their experience in Detroit,” he said later. “Being able to share that with people starts to break down a lot of barriers.” Changing the perception of Detroit starts here, on this block, he says, with the “passion and hope” he saw in the new neighborhood’s residents when he first arrived. “It’s always been here,” he says, “it’s just getting people comfortable enough to experience it.” Paula Guthat and her husband, Tim, moved Cinema Detroit from elsewhere in Midtown after noticing new blips of activity west of the Cass Corridor, including Rainer Court’s renovation. The theater is the only one in Midtown open seven days a week, and, not coincidentally, the Guthats chose a location just down the block from Rainer Court. “Just by virtue of more people living here, we have a greater customer base to draw from,” Paula explains, and as a new expression of community spirit, the theater inspires customer loyalty. Some regulars, including a couple at Rainer Court, stop in after work just to buy popcorn and chat. “Someone said to me, ‘I feel like you’re inviting us into your house,’” she recalls. "That’s why we’re here, for this neighborhood.” Building by building and block by block, Detroiters are “starting to see ourselves in a different, better way,” she says. “I think that’s the first step.” Having lived there for only a week, Rachel Darling is Rainer Court’s newest face, but she’s no stranger to Detroit. She’s been coming to the city for years, drawn by her love of techno music, Detroit’s latest musical specialty. She’s been attending the Movement music festival here since 2012, and each visit let her mark the city’s changes. “Restaurants started getting better, the hotels started to be built up,” she says, and she was drawn most of all by “how nice people are here.” Add the new M-1 train and a forthcoming bike share, and it’s easy to see why Rachel followed Detroit’s siren call all the way from Chicago. About a quarter of people who signed new leases in Midtown in 2016 were transplants from other cities, states, or countries, some of them seeking the new jobs in this flourishing neighborhood. Rachel landed a job as a tax advisor, a job that would have been exceedingly rare in this neighborhood before 2014. Rainer Court sold itself. She showed up without an appointment, fell in love, and signed for her unit on the spot. Her new job started five days later. After a week, she’s already figured out how to contribute to her new city, volunteering in the public schools and helping to bring techno, the passion that first brought her here, to the music venues of Midtown. “I’m itching to give back to the community,” she says, adding that the scope of projects happening across Detroit “makes you want to be immersed in the city that much more.” The Next Frontier Detroit’s boom doesn’t seem to be slowing anytime soon: In 2016 alone, the city opened 110 development sites in greater downtown. With each new development, says Paula, the excitement was coupled with a “tinge of worry” among regulars that they could soon be pushed out. Even Rachel couldn’t believe her luck with Rainer Court; she’s outpriced on most of Alexandrine Street. Property in Detroit now sells for 30 percent more than it did in the wake of the recession. Sue Mosey of Midtown Detroit Inc. helps manage the neighborhood’s balance of old and new residents through two initiatives: “Live Midtown” offers subsidies to employees of Midtown businesses who want to move to the area, and “Stay Midtown” does the same for residents who are spending a third of their income or more on housing. As of mid-April, Stay Midtown’s pilot program had raised enough money from institutions and non-profits to subsidize 50 households, half its ultimate goal. Extending and stabilizing new neighborhoods while sustaining community spirit is how projects such as Rainer Court have made a difference to Detroit’s overall rebound, says Jacob Horner of PK Development. With enough resources and commitment, developments throughout the neighborhood will keep raising the bar, making for a community with a sense of family and a city that feels like home. As part of an expected $150 million philanthropic investment in the city of Detroit by 2019, JPMorgan Chase supports Rainer Court and similar projects that contribute to the city’s revitalization. Emphasizing neighborhood stabilization as part of that recovery, the company’s targeted lending helps launch development and infrastructure projects, grow new and existing small businesses, and support community nonprofits and organizations. JPMorgan Chase’s continued commitment to Detroit has helped the company refine and reimagine its commitment to the city – leading to the creation of a new corporate responsibility model designed to create impact by focusing on some of the crucial drivers of inclusive growth: workforce training, small business development, financial health, and neighborhood revitalization. Learn more about JPMorgan Chase’s model here. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Why More Companies Are Applying A Startup Mentality To Corporate Giving And Volunteering {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} JPMorgan Chase ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe By JPMorgan Chase A car stops at an empty house on a Detroit street. Three passengers get out and approach the house, snapping pictures of different details that need renovation. They return to the car and then repeat the process at the next house. The passengers aren’t snooping neighbors. They’re Detroit residents who are knee deep in a data gathering initiative called The Motor City Mapping Project, led by Loveland Technologies. JPMorgan Chase Businesses across the country are recognizing data-driven initiatives as prime opportunities to contribute to effective, localized, and measurable change. Loveland Technologies is a software company solving urban development problems using interactive mapping and crowdsourcing. With these technologies Loveland is focusing on solving the issue of blight in a new way. “Applying a startup mentality to solving Detroit’s challenges means taking the best of the rapid-fire ‘innovate-test-iterate’ cycle and bridging it with a vision for creating long-term change,” says Jerry Paffendorf, the company’s CEO and co-founder. This vision would be difficult to execute, though, without support from a new kind of corporate philanthropy partnership. “JPMorgan Chase provides that kind of bridge: patient capital for innovative solutions to deep problems.” The concept of private companies donating data and analytical skills emerged on the global scene at the 2011 World Economic Forum in Davos, where attendees concluded that corporations with troves of data should know more about the benefits of sharing that data for public good. Since then, the United Nations Global Pulse initiative has promoted the model as a way to both spark innovation and address public interest issues across the globe. Insights from corporate-funded studies or the donation of proprietary data can be used to address challenges from disease outbreaks to economic stressors to fallout from natural disasters. The UN, for example, has accumulated data studies on macroeconomic issues in Cambodia, Ugandan community radio, and social attitudes toward biofuels. As evidenced by Motor City Mapping, data can make a profound difference at the hyper-local level too, particularly in finding solutions to issues like urban blight and unemployment. In Detroit, JPMorgan Chase donated data and analytics resources that are contributing to economic rebuilding efforts, closing the skills gap, and informing urban planning. It’s part of a broader effort by JPMorgan Chase to take a data-driven approach and use the firm’s talent and resources to make a lasting impact on the communities it works with. As a funder and partner to Motor City Mapping, JPMorgan Chase is helping ensure that the work of the photo-snapping volunteers—who have surveyed 380,000 parcels to date—has the maximum effect. The information has now been digitized, thanks to support from the company and Data Driven Detroit. The result is a fascinating interactive map of the city that shows the number of structures versus vacant lots, the condition of those structures (whether they’ve been affected by fire or illegal dumping), and their occupancy status. The map is visible on a house-by-house level—users can search an address and see a photo of what it looks like—and individual residents can contribute their own photos to keep the map updated. Data from the project provided the backbone for a report produced by the Detroit Blight Removal Task Force, an organization that has a goal of removing every blighted vacant structure in the city. As the world recognizes the full power of data, it’s emerged as a key aspect of a new corporate responsibility model that combines various capabilities to do the most good. Instead of handing over a check and calling it a day, corporate responsibility has evolved to be more strategic and multi-faceted in its approach. JPMorgan Chase is at the forefront of this new holistic approach, pioneering a model that offers a mix of money, employee expertise, and data with the belief that the same things that contribute to business success should also shape the way companies think about solving problems in civil society. A recent two-part report (pdf) published by the company in partnership with the Corporation for a Skilled Workforce presents data from the US Census and job postings to identify specific opportunities in Detroit’s job market. Part of what it revealed was that Detroit’s employment issue isn’t a lack of jobs; it’s that the skills of the unemployed don’t align with open positions. This skills gap is of particular concern for middle-skill jobs—or jobs that require a high school diploma and technical training. Among Detroit residents, 22% lack a high school diploma or GED. Whereas in the past a strategy for getting those diplomas in-hand might have been dictated by history or hunches, today’s data-based approach helps organizations optimize their resources and efforts. The aforementioned report has already informed several initiatives to address the skills gap in the city: its identification of the most desirable skills helped the mayor’s Detroit Workforce Development Board train more than 3,800 Detroit residents with in-demand skills and ultimately contributed to adding 8,000 more Detroiters to the workforce in 2016. It also prompted the creation of the Detroit Workforce System Leadership Academy, a year-long program that joins 22 of the city’s most prominent established businesspeople to solve universal employment issues. Mayor Mike Duggan praised the report as “giving us an invaluable tool in supporting our new Workforce Development Board as it tackles the challenges ahead.” And the value of the data provided by the Motor City Mappers has already proven persuasive enough to inspire spin-offs in Cleveland, Cincinnati, and Columbus. The data-driven approach is spreading to the places that need it most, and, increasingly, businesses are recognizing that their philanthropic efforts can offer more than money alone. Businesses across the country are recognizing data-driven initiatives as prime opportunities to contribute to effective, localized, and measurable change. House by house, person by person, data can help transform a city. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search AmEx to Issue Hilton Cards Alone -- WSJ ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More AmEx to Issue Hilton Cards Alone -- WSJ By AnnaMaria Andriotis Published June 02, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Company will become the single issuer for the hotelier, muscling out Citigroup Continue Reading Below American Express Co. has won the rights to become the exclusive issuer of Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. credit cards, according to executives from both companies, a much-needed victory for the card issuer. The deal ends a long-held arrangement in which AmEx and Citigroup Inc. had each issued the hotel's credit cards. Hilton more than a year ago had opened a bidding process for exclusive rights to its cards and decided to move to a single issuer. AmEx will become sole issuer of the Hilton Honors cards in the U.S. beginning in January 2018, according to both companies. This is a boost for AmEx, which has lost several card partnerships since 2015, including Costco Wholesale Corp., JetBlue Airways Corp., and Fidelity Investments. Costco and JetBlue accounted for 23% of AmEx's U.S. balances at the end of 2015. While Hilton is a loss for Citigroup, it was the issuer that wrested Costco away from AmEx, a far bigger arrangement. The loss of partnerships like Costco dented investor confidence in AmEx's ability to grow and pushed the issuer to increase lending to help boost revenues. The setbacks also occurred as AmEx has come under increasing pressure in the high-end rewards card space, notably from J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and its Sapphire Reserve rewards card. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The last time AmEx won a new credit-card partnership in the U.S. was in 2015, when it announced an exclusive agreement with Charles Schwab Corp. Yet co-branded cards remain important for AmEx. Such cards accounted for 34% of the company's world-wide loan balances and 15% of its billings during the last half of last year. Its largest co-brand portfolios are with Delta, which accounts for 20% of world-wide loan balances, and Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide Inc., which accounts for 5% of balances, according to AmEx data. All of its other co-brands comprise 9% of balances. "Co-brands are very important for AmEx...and this particular arrangement is meaningful for us," said Denise Pickett, president of U.S. consumer services at AmEx. Meanwhile, Jud Linville, chief executive at Citi Cards, played down the loss, saying in a statement that "during negotiations, it became clear that terms of exclusivity given the relatively small size of the portfolio were not economically viable." While Hilton is now in AmEx's win column, investors are also awaiting news about the fate of its Starwood relationship. Marriott International Inc. completed its acquisition of Starwood last year and the hotel is reviewing several scenarios, including whether to merge the Marriott and Starwood credit-card programs, or to leave them separate. Marriott's credit cards are issued by J.P. Morgan Chase. A decision will likely be made about the Marriott and Starwood cards by the end of the year, according to a person familiar with the matter. In terms of the Hilton deal, it isn't immediately clear for AmEx investors how much of a financial boost the victory will bring. It wasn't known how much AmEx paid for the deal. Nor has the future of Citi's Hilton card balances been decided, said Mark Weinstein, global head of customer engagement, loyalty and partnerships at Hilton. Also unknown is whether Citi Hilton card users will be able to continue using the cards after 2017. Those discussions are still under way, said Mr. Weinstein, adding that card users' relationship with Hilton Honors will continue. "This is a preview of what's coming in 2018," he said. Competition for travel credit-card partnerships has intensified in recent years. Banks want airfare and hotel cards because most consumers who sign up for them have high credit scores and are high spenders. For some issuers, this is also an opportunity to sell other services to affluent consumers. "The competition...is at the highest pitch I've ever seen it," said Michael Abbott, digital lead at Accenture Financial Services. "It's a war for distribution for the issuers." And card issuers often have to give up a lot to get a deal. Hotels in recent years, for example, have been demanding that issuers pay them a higher amount for each point that consumers rack up on their cards. And the prices for these arrangements have been rising since the recession, Mr. Abbott said. Another potential downside: Hotels typically want assurances from issuers that they will commit to getting more consumers to sign up for the cards and to use them a lot. That can lead to increased marketing spending at issuers, which has been an issue for AmEx in recent quarters. Ms. Pickett of AmEx declined to talk about marketing expenses associated with this deal and said the company "already had a marketing partnership with Hilton and this is obviously continuing at a different level." Such costs could become even more of an issue as banks and others have ramped up the rewards offerings on their high-end general purpose credit cards. That potentially diminished the allure of using, say, a hotel-specific card. "Airline and hotel co-brands are a snoozefest...[they] are under pressure," said Brian Kelly, founder and chief executive of ThePointsGuy.com, which tracks rewards-card programs. But there are pluses. Clinching a deal like this on an exclusive basis gives AmEx exposure to a large number of desirable consumers. Hilton's loyalty program has approximately 63 million members, according to the hotel. That includes a mix of consumers who have Hilton co-branded cards and those who earn hotel perks without the credit card. "The deals are wins even if the positive impact isn't to the same degree it might have been about 10 years ago," said Craig Maurer, an analyst who covers AmEx at Autonomous Research Corrections & Amplifications Hilton's full company name is Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc. A previous version of this story referred to it as Hilton Inc. (June 1, 2017) Write to AnnaMaria Andriotis at annamaria.andriotis@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires June 02, 2017 02:47 ET (06:47 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Williams Companies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams Companies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Seizert Capital Partners LLC Sells 1,442 Shares of Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Quantbot Technologies LP Has $442,000 Position in Silver Standard Resources Inc. (SSRI) M&T Bank Corp Purchases 1,846 Shares of National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Shares Sold by M&T Bank Corp 3,824 Shares in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Acquired by Quantbot Technologies LP Timber Hill LLC Cuts Position in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) M&T Bank Corp Acquires 825 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.33 Million Position in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) 13,768 Shares in Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Acquired by Quantbot Technologies LP Quantbot Technologies LP Acquires New Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.36 Million Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Quantbot Technologies LP Buys Shares of 10,002 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $861,000 Position in Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.20 Million Stake in Symantec Co. (SYMC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Stake in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Realty Income Corp (O) Position Lowered by M&T Bank Corp Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Director Acquires $148,350.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Smith-Midland Co. (SMID) Director Sells $151,827.48 in Stock Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. GWM Advisors LLC Has $1.84 Million Stake in Welltower Inc (HCN) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Stake in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Williams Companies Inc (NYSE:WMB) by 273.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 10,125,511 shares of the pipeline company’s stock after buying an additional 7,417,774 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Williams Companies were worth $299,614,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in Williams Companies by 0.5% in the first quarter. Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC now owns 8,448 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $250,000 after buying an additional 41 shares during the last quarter. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. increased its stake in shares of Williams Companies by 1.0% in the first quarter. Duncker Streett & Co. Inc. now owns 12,630 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $374,000 after buying an additional 130 shares during the last quarter. Pinnacle Associates Ltd. increased its stake in shares of Williams Companies by 0.5% in the first quarter. Pinnacle Associates Ltd. now owns 36,151 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $1,070,000 after buying an additional 183 shares during the last quarter. Trust Co increased its stake in shares of Williams Companies by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Trust Co now owns 41,650 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $1,297,000 after buying an additional 200 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Country Club Trust Company n.a. increased its stake in shares of Williams Companies by 2.9% in the first quarter. Country Club Trust Company n.a. now owns 7,127 shares of the pipeline company’s stock valued at $211,000 after buying an additional 204 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.63% of the company’s stock. Williams Companies Inc (NYSE WMB) traded down 0.399% during trading on Friday, reaching $28.695. 2,027,712 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $30.18 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.69. The company has a market capitalization of $23.71 billion, a P/E ratio of 1913.000 and a beta of 1.35. Williams Companies Inc has a 52 week low of $19.60 and a 52 week high of $32.69. Williams Companies also saw unusually large options trading activity on Tuesday. Traders acquired 6,901 call options on the company. This represents an increase of 231% compared to the average daily volume of 2,083 call options. Williams Companies (NYSE:WMB) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The pipeline company reported $0.14 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.20 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $1.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.98 billion. Williams Companies had a positive return on equity of 2.16% and a negative net margin of 15.19%. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $0.03 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that Williams Companies Inc will post $0.98 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 26th. Shareholders of record on Friday, June 9th will be given a dividend of $0.30 per share. This represents a $1.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 4.17%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 7th. Williams Companies’s dividend payout ratio is presently -53.69%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/jpmorgan-chase-co-raises-stake-in-williams-companies-inc-wmb.html. Several brokerages have recently commented on WMB. Deutsche Bank AG began coverage on shares of Williams Companies in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They set a “hold” rating and a $32.00 price objective on the stock. Barclays PLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $33.00 price objective on shares of Williams Companies in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Wells Fargo & Co upgraded shares of Williams Companies from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. Scotiabank restated a “hold” rating and set a $30.00 price objective on shares of Williams Companies in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Citigroup Inc upgraded shares of Williams Companies from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their price objective for the company from $32.00 to $36.00 in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and two have given a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.32. In other Williams Companies news, insider Robyn L. Ewing sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $30.57, for a total transaction of $305,700.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 42,903 shares in the company, valued at $1,311,544.71. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, VP Ted T. Timmermans sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.73, for a total transaction of $30,730.00. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 13,094 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $402,378.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 92,561 shares of company stock valued at $2,876,240 over the last 90 days. 0.53% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Williams Companies Company Profile The Williams Companies, Inc is an energy infrastructure company. The Company is focused on connecting North America’s hydrocarbon resource plays to markets for natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGL), and olefins. As of December 31, 2016, its interstate gas pipelines, midstream and olefins production interests were held through its investment in Williams Partners L.P. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Williams Companies Inc (NYSE:WMB). Receive News & Ratings for Williams Companies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Williams Companies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Science Applications International Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Buys 489,349 Shares of Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Seizert Capital Partners LLC Sells 1,442 Shares of Lam Research Co. (LRCX) Quantbot Technologies LP Has $442,000 Position in Silver Standard Resources Inc. (SSRI) M&T Bank Corp Purchases 1,846 Shares of National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Shares Sold by M&T Bank Corp 3,824 Shares in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Acquired by Quantbot Technologies LP Timber Hill LLC Cuts Position in Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) M&T Bank Corp Acquires 825 Shares of Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.33 Million Position in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) 13,768 Shares in Zayo Group Holdings Inc (ZAYO) Acquired by Quantbot Technologies LP Quantbot Technologies LP Acquires New Position in Deluxe Co. (DLX) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.36 Million Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Quantbot Technologies LP Buys Shares of 10,002 INC Research Holdings Inc (INCR) OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Has $861,000 Position in Baker Hughes Incorporated (BHI) M&T Bank Corp Has $1.20 Million Stake in Symantec Co. (SYMC) JPMorgan Chase & Co. Raises Stake in Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Realty Income Corp (O) Position Lowered by M&T Bank Corp Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Director Acquires $148,350.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Smith-Midland Co. (SMID) Director Sells $151,827.48 in Stock Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Shares Sold by Tokio Marine Asset Management Co. Ltd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Buys 489,349 Shares of Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Science Applications International Corp (NYSE:SAIC) by 111.5% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 928,036 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock after buying an additional 489,349 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in Science Applications International Corp were worth $69,045,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Norges Bank bought a new position in shares of Science Applications International Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $41,469,000. AQR Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 122.8% in the fourth quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 502,575 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $42,618,000 after buying an additional 276,984 shares during the period. Scout Investments Inc. boosted its position in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 73.8% in the first quarter. Scout Investments Inc. now owns 401,080 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $21,394,000 after buying an additional 170,273 shares during the period. Matarin Capital Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Science Applications International Corp during the third quarter worth about $9,932,000. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Science Applications International Corp by 14.0% in the first quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,073,598 shares of the information technology services provider’s stock worth $79,877,000 after buying an additional 132,047 shares during the period. 66.48% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Science Applications International Corp (NYSE:SAIC) traded up 1.28% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $78.10. 106,575 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm has a market cap of $3.40 billion, a PE ratio of 24.25 and a beta of 1.60. Science Applications International Corp has a 12-month low of $54.66 and a 12-month high of $89.87. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $73.67 and a 200 day moving average price of $81.08. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/jpmorgan-chase-co-buys-489349-shares-of-science-applications-international-corp-saic.html. A number of brokerages have issued reports on SAIC. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Science Applications International Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 target price for the company in a report on Thursday. Cowen and Company reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a $82.00 target price (down from $90.00) on shares of Science Applications International Corp in a report on Sunday, April 2nd. Seaport Global Securities began coverage on shares of Science Applications International Corp in a report on Thursday, February 16th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $93.00 target price for the company. Vertical Research began coverage on shares of Science Applications International Corp in a report on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $91.00 target price for the company. Finally, Citigroup Inc dropped their target price on shares of Science Applications International Corp from $86.00 to $83.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $84.57. In other Science Applications International Corp news, insider Nazzic S. Keene sold 8,580 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, April 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $72.45, for a total transaction of $621,621.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 34,826 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,523,143.70. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 2.28% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Science Applications International Corp Science Applications International Corporation (SAIC) is a provider of technical, engineering and enterprise information technology (IT) services. The Company provides its services primarily to the United States Government, including the Department of Defense (DoD), the intelligence community and federal civilian agencies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SAIC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Science Applications International Corp (NYSE:SAIC). Receive News & Ratings for Science Applications International Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Science Applications International Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Jamie Dimon sticking by Trump despite Paris decision Jamie Dimon sticking by Trump despite Paris decision Posted on Friday, June 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News Jamie Dimon isn’t quitting Team Trump, despite opposing the decision to yank the United States from the Paris climate accord. “I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue,” the JPMorgan Chase CEO said in a statement on Friday. But Dimon doesn’t plan to follow Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney boss Bob Iger by stepping down from President Trump’s business advisory council. “We have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said. A JPMorgan spokeswoman confirmed that Dimon does not plan to leave the the council, which is called the Strategic and Policy Forum. By contrast, Musk followed through on his threat to quit that forum as well as the president’s manufacturing jobs initiative. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said on Twitter shortly after Trump’s White House announcement on leaving the climate deal. Dimon did express disappointment with Trump, echoing concerns raised by fellow Wall Street bigwig Lloyd Blankfein. The Goldman Sachs CEO sent his first-ever tweet on Thursday to call Trump’s Paris move a “setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world.” Blankfein is not a member of Trump’s advisory council. Dimon’s statement suggests he wants to continue to have a voice in Trump’s agenda, which includes plans to rip up rules governing Wall Street. The stocks of JPMorgan and other banks spiked after the election, in part because of Trump’s pledge to “do a big number” on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Bank stocks have given back some of their post-election gains amid disappointment with slow progress on tax reform and deregulation. JPMorgan stock is up 19% since Trump’s victory. Ariana Grande benefit concert to air on ABC Trump says his tax bill is 'moving along.' Except it doesn't exist Related Posts Apple’s Safari browser crashed worldwide Walmart workers fight store closings LHU Clearfield Job Fair to be Open to Public 10 most expensive city hotels in the U.S. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
SUBSCRIBE TO PE HUB WIRE Join over 60,000 of your peers Get the must-read email for PE/VC professionals delivered to your inbox daily — for free! US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions SUBSCRIBE YES! No Register Sign in A Community for Professionals in Private Capital PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US Select Edition Canada US PE HUB Network News Briefs Opinion Videos Members Emerging Managers NVCA Blog Buyouts Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room Buyouts Magazine Subscriber Tips VCJ Home Funds & Firms Emerging Managers LPs Deals & Exits People Data Room VCJ Magazine Subscriber Tips Pratt’s Online PartnerConnect Events Shop US CANADA Log In Online personal shopping company Stitch Fix taps banks for IPO: Reuters June 1, 2017 By Reuters News (Reuters) — Stitch Fix Inc has hired investment banks for an initial public offering (IPO) that could value the U.S. personalized fashion internet retailer at between $3 billion and $4 billion, including debt, according to people familiar with the matter. The IPO would be the first by a U.S. e-commerce company in two years, as stock market investors have been wary of betting on companies in the sector that, unlike Stitch Fix, are not already profitable. San Francisco-based Stitch Fix has hired investment banks Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS.N) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) to lead the IPO, four people said this week, asking not to be identified because the matter is confidential. Stitch Fix, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan declined to comment. Founded in 2011 by Harvard Business School graduate Katrina Lake, Stitch Fix has over 5,700 employees. It had $730 million in sales in its fiscal year for 2016, its third year of profitability. Stitch Fix sends its customers five personalized apparel and accessories items based on size, budget and style. Customers fill out a survey of their preferences, which the company then uses to select items for them with the aid of a personal stylist. Customers can return what they do not like in the company’s prepaid packaging. Stitch Fix works with more than 250 women’s fashion brands, including Joie and Citizens for Humanity, and more than 30 men’s brands including Scotch & Soda. Stitch Fix is a variant on the popular e-commerce “subscription box” model, in which customers pay to have regular – often monthly – shipments of goods. Stitch Fix offers subscriptions, but does not require customers to subscribe to use their service. Subscription businesses such as cosmetics supplier Birchbox and athleisure brand Fabletics have proliferated in recent years, offering retailers more predictable revenue streams, albeit at the expense of putting off some customers who do not like the commitment of a subscription. The reach of subscription businesses has attracted corporate acquirers in recent years. Subscription shave business Dollar Shave Club, for example, agreed last year to be sold to consumer goods company Unilever Plc (ULVR.L) for $1 billion. Take your pick! Buyouts delivers exclusive news and analysis about private equity deals, fundraising, top-quartile managers and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. VC Journal provides exclusive news and analysis about venture capital deals, fundraising, top-quartile investors and more. Get your FREE trial or subscribe now. Sign up to our Newsletter Receive updates from our PE HUB Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters: First Name: Last Name: Email Address: US Edition (daily) Canada Edition (weekly) We will not send you spam, and we don't share your email address with 3rd parties. I accept the Terms and Conditions You are now subscribed to the PEHub Wire and Top Stories of the Week newsletters. Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC produces several free newsletters that are sent directly to the email you provide at registration (namely, PE Hub Wire, PE Hub Canada Wire, PE Hub Wire Top Story of the Week, Buyouts Daily, and VCJ Alert). To enable us to keep providing these services free of charge, we reserve the right to contact you with special invitations to sample or purchase private equity-related products. By submitting this free subscription request for any of these products, you are also consenting to this communication. Should you ever wish to unsubscribe from a particular communication you may activate the unsubscribe mechanism at the bottom of the email. This will discontinue both the special invitations mentioned previously, as well as your subscription to the weekly newsletter. The information you provide will be safeguarded by Argosy Group LLC/Buyouts Insider. The company’s subsidiaries may use it to keep you informed of relevant products and services. We occasionally allow reputable companies outside of the company to mail details of products which may be of interest to you. As an international group, we may transfer your data on a global basis for the purposes indicated above. WE WILL NEVER SHARE YOUR EMAIL OR CONTACT DETAILS WITH ANY OUTSIDE COMPANY HOWEVER. Should you have any questions please do not hesitate to contact us: [email protected] . Top Posts Vista to acquire Lithium Technologies by Iris Dorbian Vista Equity seeks buyer for Omnitracs: WSJ by Luisa Beltran Vista to buy Xactly for about $564 mln by Iris Dorbian Private Equity Jobs of the Week: Goldman Sachs, Hamilton Lane, the UN are hiring by Eamon Murphy Rothschild Advisory adds four to team by Iris Dorbian Kodesh joins Silver Lake as operating partner by Iris Dorbian Kohlberg & Company to buy Newell Brands’ winter sports businesses by Iris Dorbian Quantum launches Middle Fork Energy Partners by Iris Dorbian © 2006-2017 Buyouts Insider / Argosy Group LLC About Contacts FAQ Guest Column Guidelines Terms of Use Disclaimer Privacy Policy Copyright (c) Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC. Reproduction in any form is prohibited without written consent by Buyouts Insider/Argosy Group LLC.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance London Stock Exchange Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for London Stock Exchange Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) PT Raised to $190.00 Biogen Inc (BIIB) PT Lowered to $274.00 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Occidental Petroleum Co. (OXY) Shares Bought by Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC 4,000 Shares in Biogen Inc (BIIB) Acquired by American Assets Investment Management LLC LS Investment Advisors LLC Purchases Shares of 4,202 Xperi Co. (XPER) American Assets Investment Management LLC Holds Stake in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) Comerica Bank Sells 1,498 Shares of CarMax, Inc (KMX) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $1.65 Million Stake in CSX Co. (CSX) Metlife Inc (MET) Stake Maintained by CKW Financial Group Enterprise Products Partners L.P. (EPD) Stake Lowered by Argyll Research LLC Dumont & Blake Investment Advisors LLC Increases Position in Bank of New York Mellon Corp (BK) LS Investment Advisors LLC Has $148,000 Stake in Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Comerica Bank Lowers Stake in OM Asset Management PLC (OMAM) LS Investment Advisors LLC Sells 1,034 Shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Chubb Ltd (CB) Stake Raised by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Insider Selling: Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Chairman Sells $12,136,750.00 in Stock Mark Zuckerberg Sells 140,064 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LON:LSE)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating restated by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Wednesday. They currently have a GBX 3,400 ($43.67) price objective on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would suggest a potential downside of 1.22% from the company’s current price. Several other research firms have also recently weighed in on LSE. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 3,672 ($47.17) price objective on shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 2,800 ($35.97) price objective on shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 3,100 ($39.82) price objective on shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. BNP Paribas restated an “outperform” rating and issued a GBX 3,400 ($43.67) price objective on shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,700 ($47.53) price objective on shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 3,355.64 ($43.10). Shares of London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) opened at 3477.00 on Wednesday. London Stock Exchange Group Plc has a 52 week low of GBX 2,259.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,493.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 3,365.11 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 3,078.11. The company’s market cap is GBX 12.17 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/london-stock-exchange-group-plc-lse-stock-rating-reaffirmed-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other London Stock Exchange Group Plc news, insider Xavier Rolet sold 53,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 3,382 ($43.44), for a total value of £1,809,370 ($2,324,174.69). About London Stock Exchange Group Plc London Stock Exchange Group plc is a diversified global financial markets infrastructure business that operates with an Open Access model. The Company is organized into operating units based on its service lines and has six segments: Capital Markets, Post Trade Services-CC&G and Monte Titoli, Post Trade Services-LCH, Information Services, Technology Services and Other. Receive News & Ratings for London Stock Exchange Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for London Stock Exchange Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teachers Advisors LLC Has $1.20 Million Position in Photronics, Inc. (PLAB) Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Shares Sold by Cordasco Financial Network Woodstock Corp Sells 3,261 Shares of Microsoft Co. (MSFT) Cordasco Financial Network Has $191,000 Stake in Exxon Mobil Co. (XOM) Procter & Gamble Co (PG) Shares Bought by Gradient Investments LLC CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Increases Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) Pfizer Inc. (PFE) Shares Bought by Portfolio Solutions LLC Bank of Montreal Can Sells 63,640 Shares of Finish Line Inc (FINL) HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €42.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Reiterates €9.50 Price Target for Evotec AG (EVT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on CUI Global Inc (CUI) Short Interest in Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Drops By 6.8% IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Now Covered by Aegis Wedbush Comments on Genuine Parts Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPC) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Increases Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet CrestPoint Capital Management LLC increased its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) by 6.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 17,800 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the period. CrestPoint Capital Management LLC’s holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co. were worth $1,564,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in JPM. Pacific Center for Financial Services acquired a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at about $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC purchased a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. purchased a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC purchased a new position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares in the last quarter. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE JPM) opened at 83.06 on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a one year low of $57.05 and a one year high of $93.98. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $85.96 and a 200 day moving average of $86.24. The company has a market capitalization of $295.06 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 12.79 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. also was the recipient of some unusual options trading on Wednesday. Traders bought 44,646 put options on the stock. This is an increase of 180% compared to the typical volume of 15,943 put options. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.65 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.52 by $0.13. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm had revenue of $25.59 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24.40 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.35 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 6.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.69 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 31st. Investors of record on Thursday, July 6th will be paid a $0.50 dividend. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.41%. The ex-dividend date is Monday, July 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 31.02%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “CrestPoint Capital Management LLC Increases Position in JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/crestpoint-capital-management-llc-increases-position-in-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm.html. Several equities analysts recently commented on the stock. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG boosted their price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. to $99.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $94.00 price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Instinet boosted their price objective on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. from $82.00 to $83.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note on Wednesday, March 1st. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and twenty-one have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $80.43. In related news, insider Ashley Bacon sold 6,514 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $87.21, for a total value of $568,085.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 47,384 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,132,358.64. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, COO Matthew E. Zames sold 3,405 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, April 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $85.06, for a total value of $289,629.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now directly owns 329,019 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $27,986,356.14. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 20,711 shares of company stock valued at $1,775,791. 0.85% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JPM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM). Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for June 02, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed William Cauffiel Lickle Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who William Cauffiel Lickle has been endorsed by Marquis Who's Who as a leader in the finance sector Mr. Lickle has been a member of dozens of professional societies and organizations over the years.     PALM BEACH, FL, June 02, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- William Cauffiel Lickle is a celebrated Marquis Who's Who biographee. As in all Marquis Who's Who biographical volumes, individuals profiled are selected on the basis of current reference value. Factors such as position, noteworthy accomplishments, visibility, and prominence in a field are all taken into account during the selection process. Marquis Who's Who, the world's premier publisher of biographical profiles, is proud to name Mr. Lickle a Lifetime Achiever. An accomplished listee, Mr. Lickle celebrates many years' experience in his professional network, and has been noted for achievements, leadership qualities, and the credentials and successes he has accrued in his field. About William Cauffiel Lickle Financial expert William Lickle currently serves as president of Renwil Corp. and consulting editor for Lickle Publishing (now part of Charlesbridge Publishing of Boston). He founded Lickle Publishing in 1995 and served as its president until 2006. He has also served as Director Emeritus of Christiana Care Health System since 1987. Mr. Lickle's 35-year career in finance included positions with JPMorgan International Holdings, now JP Morgan Chase & Co. (Chairman, 1989-1993), the Florida Division of JPMorgan (Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, 1989-1993), and the Delaware Division of JPMorgan (Vice Chairman, 1989-1992). He also held roles with Delaware Trust Company, now Wells Fargo (Chairman and CEO, 1977-1988), Dean Witter & Company, Inc., now Morgan Stanley (Director, Senior Vice President, 1973-1977), Laird Bissell & Meeds, now Morgan Stanley (Chairman and CEO, 1957-1973), Niront & Company (Vice President, 1955-1957), Wheelock & Lickle Real Estate (Partner, 1955-1957), and Laird & Company (Stockbroker, 1955-1957). He attained an LLB and JD from the University of Virginia School of Law and a BA from the University of Virginia. He was admitted to the Virginia Bar Association in 1953, the American Bar Association in 1953 and the Supreme Court of the United States in 2012. His expertise in finance led to his being named Ronald Reagan's Appointee to the Export Council (1988-1989), Director of the Florida Division as well as overall Director of Bessemer Trust (1974-1988; 1983-1988), Director of Lehman Trust Company of Delaware (2007-2008), Adviser to Marvin & Palmer Associates, Inc. (1993-2005), Advisory Board Member for the International Literacy Association (2006-2009), Director of General Recreation, Inc. (1974-1978), Chairman of the Registrar & Transfer Company (1963-1965), Director of Meridian Bancorp, Inc. (1988), and Director of Ashbridge Investment Management, Inc. (1996). Mr. Lickle's civic involvement over the years is notable. He served on the Board of Managers for the University of Virginia's Alumni Association (1987-1994), as President of the university's Board of Managers (1992-1993), and as Director Emeritus and Vice Chairman of the University of Virginia's Jefferson Scholars Program (1985-1998). He also served as a Trustee of Thomas Jefferson University Medical College (1971-1978) and The Ethel Walker School (1977-1979) and on Rollins College's National Advisory Committee (1973-1976). William Lickle also gave back to his community by serving as Director of the United Community Fund of Delaware (1960-1962), Founder of the Delaware Community Foundation (1987), Vice Chairman and Founder of the Better Business Bureau of Delaware (1972), Director and Treasurer of the Boys & Girls Club of Wilmington (1963-1983), Director of the Delaware Museum of Natural History (1974-1981), Trustee of Winterthur Museum's Garden & Library (1989-1994), Trustee of the Grand Opera House (1986-1990), Trustee and Chairman of the Brandywine River Museum of Art's Development Committee (1982-1988), and Commissioner of the New Castle County Airport (1964-1969) and the New Castle County Transportation Commission (1967-1969). Mr. Lickle also served as Director and Treasurer of Blue Cross & Blue Shield of Delaware, now Highmark, Inc., from 1963-1968, Founder and Chairman of the Delaware Cancer Network's Finance Committee from 1975-1977, and Director and Chairman of Wilmington Medical Center's Finance Committee from 1965-1983. In 1988, he served as Director of the Executive Committee and Chairman of the Finance Committee when the King of Sweden visited the state. Other positions include consultant to the Max Planck Foundation (2012-2015) and Special Gifts Chairman for the American Cancer Society (1968). Mr. Lickle was a member of the Delaware Chamber of Commerce from 1979-1980. Upon moving to Florida, Mr. Lickle became an Honorary Trustee of the Society of the Four Arts in Palm Beach, and served as Director of Planned Parenthood of Palm Beach (1981-1985). He was also Director of the Palm Beach Civic Association (1989-1991) and Director of the Raymond F. Kravis Center for the Performing Arts, Inc. (1990-1995). Mr. Lickle's interest in politics goes back to 1956 when he served on the Finance Committee for Citizens for Eisenhower Delaware. In 1960, he served as Finance Chairman of Volunteers for Nixon Delaware. In 1964, he was the Statewide Coordinator for Delaware for Goldwater, and in 1966 and 1968, Mr. Lickle was a member of the Steering Committee for the Delaware Campaign for Senator William V. Roth. From 1964 to 1968, he was an Executive Committee Member and Treasurer for the State of Delaware's Republican Party. In 1980, he helped raise funds for President Reagan's 1980 election campaign, and from 1985 to 1988, he was a member of The Delaware Roundtable. He also served as an adviser to Governor Michael Castle regarding economic development of the state from 1987 to 1992. Mr. Lickle has been a member of dozens of professional societies and organizations over the years. These include: University of Virginia: Kappa Alpha Order; Skull and Keys; NROTC; WUVA; Phi Alpha Delta; Vice Chairman, Student Curriculum Committee Law; Director, Executive Committee, Chairman, Finance Committee, Director, Breeders' Cup Limited (1984-1995); Chairman and Founder, Point-to-Point, Winterthur Museum, Garden & Library; The Coaching Club of America (1993-2004); Board of Managers and Chairman of the Race Committee, Fair Hill Races (1975-1986); Founder, Director, Executive Committee, Thoroughbred Racing Communications, NY (1987-1988); Director, Steeplechase Owners and Trainers Association (1995-1999); Director, Turf Club, Delaware Park, Delaware Racing Association (1976-1982); Advisory Board Member, National Steeplechase Museum (1999-Present); Steward, National Steeplechase Association (1977-1979); Former Director, VP Treasurer, Bath and Tennis Club, Palm Beach, FL; Former Director, Everglades Club, Palm Beach, FL (1981); Former Director, Vicmead Hunt Club, Wilmington, DE (1950); Honorary Member, Wilmington Club; Wilmington Country Club (1945-Present); Confrerie des Chevaliers du Tastevin (1990-2004); Palm Beach Polo and Country Club; Saratoga Golf and Polo Club; Coral Beach Club, Bermuda; Lyford Cay Club, Nassau; Rolling Rock Club, Ligonier, PA; Seminole Golf Club; Former Director, Vice President, Saratoga Reading Room; The Crocodiles (1991-Present); Society of Colonial Wars; Magna Charta Barons, Philadelphia, PA; Sons of the American Revolution. Mr. Lickle has been honored with the following equestrian awards: Owner of the Year, The National Steeplechase Association (1991, 1992, 1997); Second Leading Owner, Money Won in Steeplechase History; Recipient, Hall of Fame, National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame (1996); Recipient, Eclipse Award (1996); Recipient, Saratoga Racetrack Records, New York Racing Association. While attending the University of Virginia, he was named to the Dean's List, received Intermediate Honors and was a member of Omicron Delta Kappa, The Raven Society, Emeritus Society, The Lawn Society, Rotunda Society, and Dean's Council of the School of Law. He was also named Links Champion of the Kappa Alpha Order Team, and Golf Champion of the Kappa Alpha Order Team. In addition to his status as a Lifetime Achiever, Mr. Lickle has been featured in Who's Who in Finance and Industry, Who's Who in America, Who's Who in the South and Southwest and Who's Who in the World. About Marquis Who's Who : Since 1899, when A. N. Marquis printed the First Edition of Who's Who in America , Marquis Who's Who has chronicled the lives of the most accomplished individuals and innovators from every significant field of endeavor, including politics, business, medicine, law, education, art, religion and entertainment. Today, Who's Who in America remains an essential biographical source for thousands of researchers, journalists, librarians and executive search firms around the world. Marquis publications may be visited at the official Marquis Who's Who website at www.marquiswhoswho.com. Contact: Fred Marks 844-394-6946 Email Us Here # # # Read more Press Releases from Fred Marks: Erwin Emmanuel Shalowitz Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Cherie K. MacQueen Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Dr. Alan Louis Selman Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Donna Elizabeth Schafer Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Alan Daniel Singer Named a Lifetime Achiever by Marquis Who's Who Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Fred Marks Marquis Who's Who Ventures LLC Berkeley Heights, NJ USA Voice: 844-394-6946 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Follow Us: Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman 3 Best-Ranked JPMorgan Mutual Funds to Consider Shutterstock photo JPMorgan is one of the best financial management companies in the world. It has a legacy of investment management since 1865. Also, JPMorgan is the eighth-largest mutual fund firm in the U.S. and prides itself as the nation’s leader in equity fund flows. JPMorgan offers managed accounts and retirement products. The company has pioneered innovative, inflation-protected municipal products. Its primary principle is to understand the needs of its clients and advice the best investment solutions for surplus returns. Below we share with you three top-ranked JPMorgan mutual funds. Each has earned a  Zacks Mutual Fund Rank #1  (Strong Buy) and is expected to outperform its peers in the future. Investors can  click here to see the complete list of JPMorgan funds . JPMorgan Small Cap Core R5 VSSCX seeks growth of capital for the long term. VSSCX invests the lion’s share of its assets in equity securities issued by small cap companies whose market capitalization falls within the range of the Russell 2000 Index. JPMorgan Small Cap Core R5 has returned 24% in the last one-year period. Phillip Hart is one of the fund managers of VSSCX since 2010. JPMorgan Emerging Economies Fund A JEEAX invests a bulk of its assets in equity securities of companies based in emerging markets. JEEAX normally invests securities across all market capitalizations. The fund may invest a large portion of its assets in companies that fall within any one market capitalization category. The fund seeks appreciation of capital for the long term. JPMorgan Emerging Economies Fund A has returned 27.4% in the last one-year period. As of March 2017, JEEAX held 151 issues, with 2.27% of its assets invested in Industrial And Commercial Bank Of China Ltd H. JPMorgan Intrepid Growth Fund A JIGAX seeks to offer growth of capital for the long run. JIGAX invests primarily in a broad portfolio of equity securities of large- and mid-capitalization companies that have attractive valuations. JPMorgan Intrepid Growth Fund A has returned 20.8% in the last one-year period.    JIGAX has an expense ratio of 0.93% compared with the category average of 1.14%.    To view the Zacks Rank and past performance of all JPMorgan mutual funds, investors can  click here to see the complete list of JPMorgan funds . Want key mutual fund info delivered straight to your inbox? Zacks’ free Fund Newsletter will brief you on top news and analysis, as well as top-performing mutual funds, each week.  Get it free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Get Your Free (VSSCX): Fund Analysis Report Get Your Free (JIGAX): Fund Analysis Report Get Your Free (JEEAX): Fund Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious meo lance „blue” – Le moniteur intelligent de qualité de l’air conçu pour les batiments intelligents et les villes intelligentes Next PostNext Smartphone Shipments, Samsung Returns to Number One. Search Recent Posts Global Semen Analysis Market 2017: Business Development Analysis Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Smart Cities Market estimated to grow with high CAGR in new Research Report 2017 The global bio-fertilizers market is estimated to grow at a CAGR of +13% for the next five years 17th Annual Chip Camp Includes a New Focus on Virtual Reality for 2017 Global Web-based Real-time Communication Market By Technological Development, Applications and Forecast 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ralph Lauren Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ralph Lauren Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News PolyOne Co. (POL) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.66 Per Share Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research WINTON GROUP Ltd Buys 110,115 Shares of Ralph Lauren Corp (RL) June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet WINTON GROUP Ltd raised its stake in Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE:RL) by 415.9% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 136,593 shares of the textile maker’s stock after buying an additional 110,115 shares during the period. WINTON GROUP Ltd’s holdings in Ralph Lauren Corp were worth $13,815,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Ralph Lauren Corp by 113.7% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,469,782 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $201,582,000 after buying an additional 1,314,237 shares during the period. FMR LLC boosted its stake in Ralph Lauren Corp by 73.6% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,386,921 shares of the textile maker’s stock worth $215,586,000 after buying an additional 1,012,185 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Ralph Lauren Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $71,499,000. Investec Asset Management LTD purchased a new stake in Ralph Lauren Corp during the fourth quarter worth about $51,789,000. Finally, Poplar Forest Capital LLC purchased a new stake in Ralph Lauren Corp during the third quarter worth about $45,002,000. 62.15% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE RL) traded up 2.51% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $69.50. 2,147,019 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $76.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $85.94. Ralph Lauren Corp has a 52 week low of $66.06 and a 52 week high of $114.00. The firm’s market cap is $5.63 billion. Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE:RL) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The textile maker reported $0.89 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.11. Ralph Lauren Corp had a net margin of 2.10% and a return on equity of 13.14%. The company had revenue of $1.57 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.56 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.88 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was down 16.4% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts forecast that Ralph Lauren Corp will post $4.79 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/winton-group-ltd-buys-110115-shares-of-ralph-lauren-corp-rl.html. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on the stock. Tigress Financial assumed coverage on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp in a report on Thursday, May 25th. They set a “neutral” rating for the company. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $66.00 price target on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Friday, May 19th. Instinet restated a “neutral” rating and set a $79.00 price target (down from $93.00) on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “sector perform” rating and set a $75.00 price target (down from $84.00) on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp in a report on Friday, May 19th. Finally, Telsey Advisory Group restated an “outperform” rating and set a $78.00 price target (down from $82.00) on shares of Ralph Lauren Corp in a report on Friday, May 19th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, sixteen have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $94.17. About Ralph Lauren Corp Ralph Lauren Corporation is engaged in the design, marketing and distribution of lifestyle products, including apparel, accessories, home furnishings and other licensed product categories. The Company operates through three segments: Wholesale, Retail and Licensing. Wholesale business consists of sales made to department stores and specialty stores around the world. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Ralph Lauren Corp (NYSE:RL). Receive News & Ratings for Ralph Lauren Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ralph Lauren Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Fight for JK House: Gloves are off as Singhanias brace for AGM bout Business Standard Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Reuters  |  Washington  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 09:12 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest US retailer, said on Friday that the comapny will remain on the business council. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ How bad could Trump's Paris deal pull out be? A scientist's perspective 15th-century Chinese sailors have a lesson for Trump about climate policy Will the Paris Agreement still be able to deliver after the US withdrawal? Trump's move to withdraw from Paris accord cedes global leadership to China Time for China and Europe to lead, as Trump dumps the Paris climate deal Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Read More On Us Companies | Donald Trump | Trump Paris Deal | Climate Change | Trump Climate Change | Jp Morgan | Ibm | Walmart | Donald Trump Paris Agreement | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart, IBM oppose US exit from Paris deal, but will stay on WH panel Business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles Several major US companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boston Properties Renews ATM Equity Offering Program BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP), a real estate investment trust, announced today that it has renewed its “at the market” equity offering program through which it may sell up to an aggregate of $600 million of its common stock. This program replaces the Company’s prior $600 million “at the market” equity offering program that was scheduled to expire on June 3, 2017. Any sales of stock would be offered through BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., who will be acting as sales agents. Michael LaBelle, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, stated: “As we have discussed on recent investor calls, our sources of liquidity, including cash balances and availability under our recently amended line of credit, are more than sufficient to meet our anticipated capital needs, including the completion of our existing development pipeline. In addition, our leverage is within our desired range so we have no near-term need to use the program. However, the program is a valuable tool to maintain as an additional funding alternative.” The program would allow the Company to sell up to $600 million of its common stock from time to time through the sales agents for a three-year period. The sales, if any, would be made in „at the market” equity offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. In addition, the common stock may be offered and sold through privately negotiated transactions. The Company intends to use the proceeds from any offering for general corporate purposes, which may include investment opportunities and debt reduction. The Company has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering of common stock described in this communication. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus included in that registration statement and other documents the Company has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Company or the sales agents will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by contacting BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, Attention Prospectus Department, 101 Barclay Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10286 or by emailing a request to prosuppinfo@bnymellon.com; BofA Merrill Lynch, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, by email to prospectus.cpdg@db.com, or by telephone at 800-503-4611; Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, telephone: 1-877-821-7388 or e-mail: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by calling 866-803-9204; Mizuho Securities USA LLC, 320 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Equity Capital Markets Desk, or by telephone: (212) 205-7600; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, Second Floor, New York, New York 10014 or by emailing a request to prospectus@morganstanley.com or by calling 1-866-718-1649; and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., 250 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10281, Attention Equity Capital Markets, or by telephone: (212) 225-6854. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, nor shall there be any sale of the Company’s common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Boston Properties is a fully integrated real estate investment trust that develops, redevelops, acquires, manages, operates and owns a diverse portfolio of primarily Class A office space totaling 47.7 million square feet and consisting of 164 office properties (including six properties under construction), five retail properties, four residential properties (including two properties under construction) and one hotel. The Company is one of the largest owners and developers of Class A office properties in the United States, concentrated in five markets – Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. For more information about Boston Properties, please visit the Company’s web site at www.bostonproperties.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Glare Guard Offers a Range of Top-notch Quality Polarized Car Visors Next PostNext Activision Blizzard Extends Exchange Offer with Respect to Certain of Its Senior Notes Search Recent Posts Federal Aid Programs for the State of Missouri Presidential Memorandum for the Secretary of State Joint Statement for Enhancing the Comprehensive Partnership between the United States of America and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam Readout of President Donald J. Trump’s Call with President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan Statement from the Press Secretary on the Visit of President Klaus Iohannis of Romania Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirit Realty Capital Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tenneco Inc (TEN) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Teekay Offshore Partners L.P. (TOO) Downgraded to “Sell” at ValuEngine Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research AT&T Inc. (T) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by ValuEngine Teekay Tankers Ltd. (TNK) Cut to Hold at ValuEngine Wpp Plc (WPP) Receives GBX 1,961.47 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) PT at $82.71 iRobot Co. (IRBT) Receives $68.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Callaway Golf Co (ELY) Target Price at $14.00 KaloBios Pharmaceuticals (KBIO) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Vail Resorts (MTN) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.33 MER Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. (MTSL) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Raised to “Hold” at ValuEngine Insider Selling: RealPage Inc (RP) Chairman Sells 159,600 Shares of Stock Stephens Inc. AR Purchases Shares of 129,204 Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Stephens Inc. AR Has $1.66 Million Stake in ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stephens Inc. AR Takes Position in Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) 19,659 Shares in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Acquired by Stephens Inc. AR Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by ValuEngine June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (NYSE:SRC) was downgraded by equities researchers at ValuEngine from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Friday. Several other analysts have also commented on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Spirit Realty Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the stock from $13.00 to $9.00 in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Capital One Financial Corp. lowered Spirit Realty Capital from an “equal weight” rating to an “underweight” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $10.00 price objective (down previously from $14.00) on shares of Spirit Realty Capital in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, TheStreet lowered Spirit Realty Capital from a “b-” rating to a “c+” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $12.04. Shares of Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) traded down 0.13% on Friday, hitting $7.46. The stock had a trading volume of 21,767,454 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $8.39 and a 200-day moving average of $10.07. Spirit Realty Capital has a 12 month low of $6.64 and a 12 month high of $13.97. The stock has a market cap of $3.61 billion, a PE ratio of 41.44 and a beta of 0.52. Spirit Realty Capital (NYSE:SRC) last posted its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The real estate investment trust reported $0.20 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.22 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $163.19 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $169.84 million. Spirit Realty Capital had a return on equity of 3.17% and a net margin of 16.77%. Equities research analysts anticipate that Spirit Realty Capital will post $0.23 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “Spirit Realty Capital, Inc (SRC) Downgraded by ValuEngine” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/spirit-realty-capital-inc-src-downgraded-by-valuengine.html. In other news, insider Jackson Hsieh bought 13,700 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 24th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $7.27 per share, for a total transaction of $99,599.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 546,053 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,969,805.31. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Phillip D. Joseph, Jr. bought 6,700 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 2nd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $7.47 per share, for a total transaction of $50,049.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 134,868 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,007,463.96. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought 30,400 shares of company stock worth $221,548 over the last 90 days. Company insiders own 0.50% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Harvest Fund Management Co. Ltd purchased a new stake in Spirit Realty Capital during the fourth quarter worth approximately $103,000. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC bought a new stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter valued at $109,000. Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 51.5% in the first quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 11,730 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 3,986 shares during the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital by 24.0% in the first quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 11,684 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 2,265 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Toronto Dominion Bank bought a new stake in shares of Spirit Realty Capital during the first quarter valued at $141,000. Institutional investors own 96.54% of the company’s stock. About Spirit Realty Capital Spirit Realty Capital, Inc is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s operations are carried out through Spirit Realty, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). The Company invests in single-tenant, operationally essential real estate throughout the United States that is leased on a long-term, triple-net basis primarily to tenants engaged in retail, service and distribution industries. To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirit Realty Capital Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northeast Bancorp (NBN) Upgraded to “Buy” by ValuEngine Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Position Held by Bellevue Group AG National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Lifted to “Hold” at ValuEngine ValuEngine Downgrades NRG Energy Inc (NRG) to Buy Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Bellevue Group AG Maintains Position in Novavax, Inc. (NVAX) Bellevue Group AG Has $205,000 Position in Surgery Partners Inc (SGRY) Israel Discount Bank of New York Takes Position in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Invests $22.47 Million in Gartner Inc (IT) Westfield Capital Management Co. LP Sells 53,655 Shares of Clovis Oncology Inc (CLVS) Mobileiron Inc (MOBL) Upgraded to Hold by ValuEngine Modine Manufacturing Co. (MOD) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Mid Penn Bancorp, Inc. (MPB) Lifted to “Buy” at ValuEngine Motorcar Parts of America, Inc. (MPAA) Downgraded by ValuEngine to Hold MSB Financial Corp. (MSBF) Rating Increased to Hold at ValuEngine Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Major Shareholder Jill Foss Watson Sells 26,051 Shares AmerisourceBergen Corp. (ABC) Chairman Steven H. Collis Sells 15,000 Shares Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) was downgraded by research analysts at ValuEngine from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. Several other research analysts also recently weighed in on PEI. Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered their target price on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. TheStreet downgraded Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Boenning Scattergood downgraded Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, May 15th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and six have given a hold rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.80. Shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) traded down 1.44% on Friday, reaching $10.97. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,325,979 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $765.06 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 1-year low of $10.00 and a 1-year high of $25.67. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $12.64 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.27. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative net margin of 6.65% and a negative return on equity of 3.62%. The company had revenue of $89.26 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $97.98 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.43 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will post ($0.04) EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, September 15th. Investors of record on Friday, September 1st will be paid a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, August 30th. This represents a $0.84 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.66%. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -133.33%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-lowered-to-hold-at-valuengine.html. In other Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. news, Director John Joseph Roberts purchased 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 30th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $10.76 per share, for a total transaction of $107,600.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 33,060 shares in the company, valued at $355,725.60. The acquisition was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 4.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System increased its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 1.1% in the first quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 28,300 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $428,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. Arizona State Retirement System increased its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 1.1% in the first quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 36,213 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $548,000 after buying an additional 400 shares during the period. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio increased its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 1.2% in the first quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 82,789 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $1,253,000 after buying an additional 1,001 shares during the period. Mason Street Advisors LLC increased its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 6.9% in the first quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC now owns 16,247 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $246,000 after buying an additional 1,052 shares during the period. Finally, California State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 1.0% in the third quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 144,675 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock worth $3,332,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 93.69% of the company’s stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Company Profile Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). To view ValuEngine’s full report, visit ValuEngine’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 June 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boston Properties Renews ATM Equity Offering Program BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Boston Properties, Inc. (NYSE: BXP), a real estate investment trust, announced today that it has renewed its “at the market” equity offering program through which it may sell up to an aggregate of $600 million of its common stock. This program replaces the Company’s prior $600 million “at the market” equity offering program that was scheduled to expire on June 3, 2017. Any sales of stock would be offered through BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, BofA Merrill Lynch, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., who will be acting as sales agents. Michael LaBelle, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer, stated: “As we have discussed on recent investor calls, our sources of liquidity, including cash balances and availability under our recently amended line of credit, are more than sufficient to meet our anticipated capital needs, including the completion of our existing development pipeline. In addition, our leverage is within our desired range so we have no near-term need to use the program. However, the program is a valuable tool to maintain as an additional funding alternative.” The program would allow the Company to sell up to $600 million of its common stock from time to time through the sales agents for a three-year period. The sales, if any, would be made in „at the market” equity offerings as defined in Rule 415 of the Securities Act. In addition, the common stock may be offered and sold through privately negotiated transactions. The Company intends to use the proceeds from any offering for general corporate purposes, which may include investment opportunities and debt reduction. The Company has filed a registration statement (including a prospectus) with the SEC for the offering of common stock described in this communication. Before you invest, you should read the prospectus included in that registration statement and other documents the Company has filed with the SEC for more complete information about the Company and this offering. You may obtain these documents for free by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Alternatively, the Company or the sales agents will arrange to send you the prospectus if you request it by contacting BNY Mellon Capital Markets, LLC, Attention Prospectus Department, 101 Barclay Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10286 or by emailing a request to prosuppinfo@bnymellon.com; BofA Merrill Lynch, NC1-004-03-43, 200 North College Street, 3rd Floor, Charlotte, NC 28255-0001, Attn: Prospectus Department, or by email at dg.prospectus_requests@baml.com; Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Attention: Prospectus Group, 60 Wall Street, New York, NY 10005-2836, by email to prospectus.cpdg@db.com, or by telephone at 800-503-4611; Jefferies LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate Prospectus Department, 520 Madison Avenue, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10022, telephone: 1-877-821-7388 or e-mail: Prospectus_Department@Jefferies.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717 or by calling 866-803-9204; Mizuho Securities USA LLC, 320 Park Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attention: Equity Capital Markets Desk, or by telephone: (212) 205-7600; Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, Second Floor, New York, New York 10014 or by emailing a request to prospectus@morganstanley.com or by calling 1-866-718-1649; and Scotia Capital (USA) Inc., 250 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10281, Attention Equity Capital Markets, or by telephone: (212) 225-6854. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy any security, nor shall there be any sale of the Company’s common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Boston Properties is a fully integrated real estate investment trust that develops, redevelops, acquires, manages, operates and owns a diverse portfolio of primarily Class A office space totaling 47.7 million square feet and consisting of 164 office properties (including six properties under construction), five retail properties, four residential properties (including two properties under construction) and one hotel. The Company is one of the largest owners and developers of Class A office properties in the United States, concentrated in five markets – Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco and Washington, DC. For more information about Boston Properties, please visit the Company’s web site at www.bostonproperties.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Emergency Beacon Transmitter Market Dynamics, Value, Analysis and Supply, Size Demand 2017-2027 by FMI Presents Next PostNext Gym and Health Clubs Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts EnviroStar, Inc. to Acquire Martin-Ray Laundry Systems, Inc. The 5 most popular stories on PR Daily this week Soft Lithography Market Analysis, Growth, Size, Share, Trends, Forecast and Supply Demand to 2020 Latex Mattress Market Development Trends, Key Manufacturers and Competitive Analysis 2017-2021 InfinityQS Named a Finalist for the 2017 IES Sales & Excellence Awards Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Leadership Search Search IBMIBM’s CEO Disagrees With President Trump But Will Remain By His Side BitcoinBitcoin Exchange Coinbase Seeks New Funds at $1 Billion Valuation Term SheetMarissa Campise Launching New Venture Fund Health CareCalifornia Is Inching Closer to Single Payer Health Care. Is It Already Doomed? Jamie Dimon, CEO of JPMorgan Chase, in Paris, France, on Thursday, March 9, 2017.  Photograph by Christophe Morin—Bloomberg via Getty Images JPMorgan Jamie Dimon Disagrees With President Trump’s Paris Move, But Will Stay on His Council Catherine Trautwein Updated: Jun 02, 2017 4:01 PM ET Though JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon says he totally disagrees with President Trump's decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement, the bank head is breaking with other corporate leaders by remaining a councilor to the White House. "I absolutely disagree with the Administration" on its choice to pull out of the landmark accord on climate change, Dimon said in a statement Friday, "but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment." Dimon is one of many CEOs to serve as a member of the White House's Strategic and Policy Forum, and unlike SpaceX and Tesla entrepreneur Elon Musk and Disney head Bob Iger, he doesn't intend to leave that table, a spokesperson for JPMorgan confirmed with CNN Money. This isn't the first dust-up Dimon has endured as a member of the White House's business council. Facing critiques for his participation, he told shareholders at JPMorgan's annual meeting: "I’d try to help any President of the U.S. because I’m a patriot." Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acceleron Pharma (XLRN) – Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) Insider Selling: Barnes Group Inc. (B) Director Sells $56,060.00 in Stock Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Director Sells $62,240.00 in Stock Cary M. Flanagan Sells 2,454 Shares of Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stock Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.10 Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Cameron International (CAM) Stock Price Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates Outperform Rating for Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Petroquest Energy (PQ) Share Price Ducommun (DCO) Getting Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Cynosure (CYNO) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.04 Unisys (UIS) Earns Daily Media Impact Score of 0.35 Polycom (PLCM) Receiving Somewhat Negative Media Coverage, Study Shows Iradimed Corp (IRMD) Given News Sentiment Rating of -0.07 GATX Co. (GATX) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $359.50 Million Arizona State Retirement System Continues to Hold Position in Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Schroder Investment Management Group Takes Position in Oxford Industries Inc (OXM) $2.14 Billion in Sales Expected for Crown Holdings, Inc. (CCK) This Quarter Arizona State Retirement System Has $4,316,000 Stake in WestRock Co (WRK) Schroder Investment Management Group Invests $16.02 Million in American Eagle Outfitters (AEO) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Volkswagen AG (VOW3) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Volkswagen AG (ETR: VOW3) has recently received a number of price target changes and ratings updates: 6/2/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €175.00 ($196.63) price target on by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 6/2/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €154.00 ($173.03) price target on by analysts at Independent Research GmbH. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/30/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €215.00 ($241.57) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/29/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/29/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/29/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €188.00 ($211.24) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/24/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €209.00 ($234.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/23/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €160.00 ($179.78) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/23/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/22/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €166.00 ($186.52) price target on by analysts at equinet AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/22/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/20/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €135.00 ($151.69) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/20/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €179.00 ($201.12) price target on by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/20/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €188.00 ($211.24) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €197.00 ($221.35) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/12/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €188.00 ($211.24) price target on by analysts at Citigroup Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €179.00 ($201.12) price target on by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/9/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €209.00 ($234.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/9/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/8/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €160.00 ($179.78) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €175.00 ($196.63) price target on by analysts at Kepler Capital Markets. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €155.00 ($174.16) price target on by analysts at Warburg Research. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €137.00 ($153.93) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €156.00 ($175.28) price target on by analysts at Independent Research GmbH. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Macquarie. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/4/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €197.00 ($221.35) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €169.00 ($189.89) price target on by analysts at S&P Global. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 5/3/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €209.00 ($234.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/2/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €160.00 ($179.78) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/28/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €160.00 ($179.78) price target on by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/27/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €137.00 ($153.93) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €165.00 ($185.39) price target on by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €197.00 ($221.35) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/24/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €163.00 ($183.15) price target on by analysts at HSBC Holdings plc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/21/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €166.00 ($186.52) price target on by analysts at equinet AG. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €145.00 ($162.92) price target on by analysts at Nord/LB. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €156.00 ($175.28) price target on by analysts at Independent Research GmbH. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €145.00 ($162.92) price target on by analysts at Societe Generale. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €125.00 ($140.45) price target on by analysts at Morgan Stanley. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/19/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €209.00 ($234.83) price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €160.00 ($179.78) price target on by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €197.00 ($221.35) price target on by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/18/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/13/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €127.00 ($142.70) price target on by analysts at Nord/LB. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €137.00 ($153.93) price target on by analysts at Commerzbank Ag. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €150.00 ($168.54) price target on by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €100.00 ($112.36) price target on by analysts at Berenberg Bank. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 4/5/2017 – Volkswagen AG was given a new €174.00 ($195.51) price target on by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) traded up 1.441% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching €137.725. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 12,307 shares. Volkswagen AG has a one year low of €103.70 and a one year high of €156.32. The stock has a market cap of €69.04 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.166. The firm’s 50 day moving average is €140.32 and its 200-day moving average is €137.91. Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Helmerich & Payne Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Helmerich & Payne Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Stake Reduced by IBM Retirement Fund Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Stake Reduced by IBM Retirement Fund IBM Retirement Fund Sells 26,184 Shares of United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Shares Sold by Princeton Capital Management Inc. CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Position Increased by Atlantic Trust Group LLC United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Shares Sold by Princeton Capital Management Inc. Schroder Investment Management Group Sells 361,018 Shares of Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $36.09 Million Position in Gray Television, Inc. (GTN) Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Shares Sold by IBM Retirement Fund IBM Retirement Fund Sells 43,125 Shares of Prologis Inc (PLD) Victory Capital Management Inc. Has $191.36 Million Stake in Citizens Financial Group Inc (CFG) Victory Capital Management Inc. Increases Position in NxStage Medical, Inc. (NXTM) Sandy Spring Bank Has $147,000 Stake in SCANA Co. (SCG) Sandy Spring Bank Raises Position in Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Sold by Sandy Spring Bank Scorpio Tankers Inc. (STNG) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Price Target Cut to C$28.00 Uni Select Inc (UNS) Price Target Cut to C$36.00 by Analysts at Desjardins Desjardins Upgrades Saputo Inc. (SAP) to “Buy” Cipher Capital LP Acquires Shares of 40,659 Franklin Resources, Inc. (BEN) Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Sold by Sandy Spring Bank June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Sandy Spring Bank cut its stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE:HP) by 16.2% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 2,590 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after selling 500 shares during the period. Sandy Spring Bank’s holdings in Helmerich & Payne were worth $172,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Clinton Group Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne during the first quarter valued at about $869,000. Stifel Financial Corp raised its stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne by 13.6% in the first quarter. Stifel Financial Corp now owns 399,497 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $26,625,000 after buying an additional 47,874 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne by 1.9% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 150,676 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $10,031,000 after buying an additional 2,830 shares during the period. KBC Group NV raised its stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne by 18.8% in the first quarter. KBC Group NV now owns 11,731 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $781,000 after buying an additional 1,857 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Helmerich & Payne by 54.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 448,013 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $29,824,000 after buying an additional 158,799 shares during the period. Shares of Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE HP) traded down 1.64% on Friday, hitting $52.86. 787,194 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is $5.74 billion. Helmerich & Payne, Inc. has a 52-week low of $51.67 and a 52-week high of $85.78. The company has a 50 day moving average of $59.76 and a 200 day moving average of $69.25. Helmerich & Payne (NYSE:HP) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported ($0.47) earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.40) by $0.07. The company had revenue of $405.30 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $386.83 million. Helmerich & Payne had a negative net margin of 7.17% and a negative return on equity of 3.34%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.19 EPS. Equities research analysts forecast that Helmerich & Payne, Inc. will post ($1.34) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/helmerich-payne-inc-hp-shares-sold-by-sandy-spring-bank.html. Several equities research analysts recently issued reports on the stock. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Helmerich & Payne in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $73.00 price target (down from $83.00) on shares of Helmerich & Payne in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Guggenheim raised shares of Helmerich & Payne from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Helmerich & Payne from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.00 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $55.00 price target on shares of Helmerich & Payne in a report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Helmerich & Payne currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $64.64. In related news, Director Thomas A. Petrie acquired 1,990 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The stock was purchased at an average price of $67.17 per share, with a total value of $133,668.30. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 8,583 shares in the company, valued at approximately $576,520.11. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Corporate insiders own 4.23% of the company’s stock. About Helmerich & Payne Helmerich & Payne, Inc is engaged in contract drilling of oil and gas wells for others. The Company operates in the contract drilling industry. The Company’s contract drilling business consists of three segments: U.S. Land, Offshore and International Land. The Company is also engaged in the ownership, development and operation of commercial real estate and the research and development of rotary steerable technology. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (NYSE:HP). Receive News & Ratings for Helmerich & Payne Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Helmerich & Payne Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sections Login / Register New York Miami Los Angeles TRData LLNYC News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers The Real Deal New York JPMorgan Chase triples its space at 5 Manhattan West Bank closed on a 15-year lease for additional 300K sf June 02, 2017 10:19AM 5 Manhattan West and Jamie Dimon (Inset) JPMorgan Chase is vastly expanding its footprint at Brookfield Property Partners’ 5 Manhattan West, closing on a deal to take 300,000 additional square feet at the building. The lease is for 15 years, the Wall Street Journal reported. JPMorgan already has space there, but is expanding for FinTech, its financial technology arm, according to an earlier report from Bloomberg. The lease means the bank is expanding office space for its digital teams from 125,000 square feet to 428,000 square feet. Between 2,000 and 2,500 JPMorgan employees will eventually work at 5 Manhattan West, the bank said. The company has one floor, and will take three more in the new lease deal. Office asking rents at the building are reportedly the $90s per square foot. Amazon is also rumored to be taking space at 5 Manhattan West. The e-commerce giant, which occupies space at 7 West 34th Street, would take 350,000 square feet for its offices there, according to a Commercial Observer report from April. Whole Foods is taking 60,000 square feet at the base of the building, and London-based global financial data provider Markit signed up for 140,000 square feet at 5 Manhattan West in 2015. The 1.7 million-square-foot building at 450 West 33rd Street, which has undergone major renovations, is part of Brookfield’s five-building Manhattan West megaproject. The development also includes two other office buildings, a retail building, a garden and plaza, and a 62-story, 844-unit residential tower called the Eugene. [WSJ] — Miriam Hall Tags: Commercial Real Estate Short URL Subscribe to our e-Lerts New York Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup South Florida Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup Los Angeles Real Estate News Daily Updates Weekly Roundup China Watch Coming soon! Weekly Roundup Popular WATCH: Here’s what New York City is doing about rising sea levels How a mailman built Winzone, the biggest brokerage in Queens Here are the projects Howard Lorber’s Vector Group is backing The June issue is live! Michael Ashner sets sights on another Schorsch REIT More Stories Sites South Florida Los Angeles TRData LLNYC Other Links Directory Shop Subscribe to Magazine About Us Staff Directory Contact Us Privacy Policy Careers STAY CONNECTED Join over 200,000 real estate professionals who receive our daily newsletter All rights reserved © 2017 The Real Deal is a registered Trademark of Korangy Publishing Inc. 450 West 31st Street, New York, NY 10001 Phone: 212-260-1332 Sections News Residential Commercial Development Finance Tech Politics Architecture and Design Paydirt The Long View China Watch Magazine Current Issue The Closings Issue archives Special issue archive Subscribe to Magazine TRData Properties People Companies Deal Sheet Rankings Events Industry Calendar TRD Events TRD Info About us Advertising Careers
SUBSCRIBE MY ACCOUNT Don't Miss JPMorgan grant to create jobs program Snap Poll: Majority wants repeal of Plan 2014 Q4 net income more than triples at Graham Senior PGA Championship expected to have a $41.8 million economic impact The Daily Record presents Excellence in Law Awards Community Real Estate Group merges with Nothnagle Realtors Rochester Regional Health Immediate Care debuts renovated site N.Y. Fed reports on household debt in the region RG&E, NYSEG announce new CEO Ontario ARC plans to open a social adult day program Rochester Business Journal Leading source of business news and information in Rochester, N.Y. News Weekly Digital Edition Fast Start Editorial Calendar Submit News Newsroom Contacts Opinion Opinion Page Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists/Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order the Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Databases/Directories Advertise Advertising Opportunities Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Events Power Breakfast Series Financial Executive of the Year Awards Wealth of Health Awards Women’s Leadership Summit Forty Under 40 Awards Health Care Achievement Awards RBJ Webinars Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Supplements/Directories Subscribe Weekly Print Edition Weekly Digital Edition Renew or Pay Your Subscription E-newsletters Signup Free Trial About About RBJ Contact Us Customer Service Retail Locations FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory SUBSCRIBE MY ACCOUNT News Weekly Digital Edition Fast Start Editorial Calendar Submit News Newsroom Contacts Opinion Opinion Page Snap Poll Submit a Letter to the Editor Comment Policy Lists/Research About the Lists Submit a List Survey Order the Book of Lists RBJ List Center Local Stocks Databases/Directories Advertise Advertising Opportunities Editorial Calendar Event Sponsorships Classified Advertising Submit Legal Notice Production Services Events Power Breakfast Series Financial Executive of the Year Awards Wealth of Health Awards Women’s Leadership Summit Forty Under 40 Awards Health Care Achievement Awards RBJ Webinars Newsstand The Book of Lists Reprints and Plaques Supplements/Directories Subscribe Weekly Print Edition Weekly Digital Edition Renew or Pay Your Subscription E-newsletters Signup Free Trial About About RBJ Contact Us Customer Service Retail Locations FAQ Work for RBJ Editorial Awards Staff Directory Home / Industry / Banking & Finance / JPMorgan grant to create jobs program JPMorgan grant to create jobs program By: Rochester Business Journal Staff June 2, 2017 The Venture Jobs Foundation on Thursday announced it has received a $100,000.00 grant from JPMorgan Chase & Co. to establish the VJF Jobs Kitchen program. The VJF Jobs Kitchen program provides entrepreneurs with professional and educational resources to accelerate their business plans to the point of qualifying for capital. In return, companies must commit to bringing low- and mid-skill jobs to workers in challenged neighborhoods. “Access to capital is crucial for businesses in communities like Rochester and conventional small business loans can often times be hardest to get. This is especially true for many low-wealth entrepreneurs who wind up struggling and sometimes failing as a result of the lacking financial support,” said Matthew Tipple, market executive-middle market commercial banking at JPMorgan Chase. “We also know that small businesses are the primary drivers of job growth, contributing about two-thirds of all new jobs in the private sector. That’s why we support nonprofit organizations such as the Venture Jobs Foundation and programs such as the VJF Jobs Kitchen.” The program was announced at VJF’s annual Rochester Prosperity Conference. To learn more about the organization and its programs, visit www.venturejobs.org. “Broader access to professional resources and funding is critical to driving more inclusive economic growth in Rochester,” said Dennis DeLeo, VJF president and founder.  “We’re grateful to JP Morgan Chase for its support of the Jobs Kitchen program. This is a great next step toward getting local entrepreneurs started on the right foot to achieve the ultimate goal of job growth and prosperity in our community.” VJF makes impact investments in support of its charitable purpose, funding small businesses that will its capital to create jobs in higher poverty neighborhoods. (c) 2017 Rochester Business Journal. To obtain permission to reprint this article, call 585-363-7269 or email madams@bridgetowermedia.com. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn 12:28 pm Fri, June 2, 2017 Rochester Business Journal Rochester Business Journal Staff You might also like Snap Poll: Majority wants repeal of Plan 2014 June 2, 2017 Q4 net income more than triples at Graham June 2, 2017 Senior PGA Championship expected to have a $41.8 million economic impact June 2, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. This Week Subscribers to The Daily Record can access the digital edition archive. @RBJdaily My Tweets Daily Report Signup Sign Up for Rochester Business Journal's e-mail alerts. Bring the day’s business headlines directly to your desktop or mobile device free of charge. My Account PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCT Recent Posts JPMorgan grant to create jobs program Snap Poll: Majority wants repeal of Plan 2014 RBJ Special: The Drestler Years Q4 net income more than triples at Graham Senior PGA Championship expected to have a $41.8 million economic impact Rochester Business Journal ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS CUSTOMER SERVICE ADVERTISING EVENTS Copyright © 2017 Rochester Business Journal · 16 W. Main St, Suite 341, Rochester, NY 14614 · (585) 546-8303 x Check Also RBJ Special: The Drestler Years Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List BE SCENE Home > BE SCENE Shimmer On The River Returns with The Temptations Review AJ Williams, Michigan Chronicle City.Life.Style Editor Leave a comment The Detroit RiverFront Conservancy announces the return of Shimmer on the River, the Conservancy’s largest annual fundraiser, on Thursday, June 22 from 6-10 p.m. During the gala event, the Detroit Riverfront will transform into a family fun fair and carnival featuring a private concert by The Temptations Review. Presented by Strategic Staffing Solutions, hundreds of guests, including business and community leaders, families and young professionals, will be treated to an unforgettable evening of music, performance art, gourmet bites, traditional festival food and free carnival games and rides with GM River Days serving as a backdrop. “Shimmer on the River is a celebration of the Detroit Riverfront,” said Mark Wallace, president & CEO of the Detroit RiverFront Conservancy. “The proceeds from the event help to ensure that the Detroit Riverfront remains a clean, safe, and beautiful gathering place for everyone.”   This year’s Shimmer will be hosted by Co-Chairs Matt Simoncini, president, chief executive officer and director, Lear Corporation and Jason Tinsley, executive director, J.P. Morgan Private Bank along with the Shimmer Host Committee. “I am proud to support a wonderful organization that is making our riverfront more accessible for our community,” said Matt Simoncini, president, chief executive officer and director, Lear Corporation and Co-Chair of Shimmer. “This event celebrates not only how far the Detroit Riverfront has evolved over the last 10 years, but also what’s to come.”   “I’m excited to be a part of Shimmer benefiting the Detroit RiverFront Conservancy,” said Jason Tinsley, executive director, J.P. Morgan Private Bank and Co-Chair of Shimmer. “It’s great to see millions of Detroiters and visitors come together to enjoy the riverfront each year.”   A VIP cocktail reception will take place earlier in the evening with a champagne toast. During this year’s celebration, the Conservancy will honor Thomas McNulty with the 2017 Shimmer Award for his many contributions to the riverfront revitalization efforts. During the early years of the Conservancy, McNulty was instrumental in providing financial structuring and business planning counsel for the organization. Prior to his work with the Conservancy, McNulty worked for 18 years at Henry Ford Health System where he retired as senior vice president and chief financial officer. McNulty has served on the boards of numerous non-profit and for-profit organizations throughout his career, including Leader Dog School for the Blind, Walsh College, Henry Ford Retirement Village and Sparky Anderson’s CATCH Foundation. He was also instrumental in the financial development of Wayne State University’s TechTown and the M1 Rail project.   Tickets are now available for this magical evening and include: VIP at $250 each, which allows admission to the cocktail reception at 5 p.m.; General Admission at $150 each, which allows admission at 6 p.m. Each ticket includes admission for up to two children age 12-and-under. All guests will receive access to the private concert, food and family fun. Tickets for Shimmer on the River may be purchased by calling 313.566.8248 or online at DetroitRiverfront.org/ShimmerontheRiver. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Wayne County First Lady Renata Evans puts her spin on difficult position  Wife of Wayne County Executive resigns from job with Treasurer’s office Welcome to the neighborhood, Hill Harper Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Leoni Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leoni Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €116.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €19.00 Price Target by Nord/LB Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€50.00” Price Target for Leoni Ag (LEO) Norma Group SE (NOEJ) PT Set at €48.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Hannover Rueck SE (HNR1) Given a €110.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.87 Per Share, Wedbush Forecasts (BECN) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Heritage Commerce Corp. (HTBK) Issued By FIG Partners National Bank of Canada Forecasted to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $0.98 Per Share (NTIOF) Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Rating Lowered by Deutsche Bank AG Sutherland Asset Management Corp (SLD) Lifted to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Metro Ag (MEO3) Given a €28.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Barclays PLC Increases Wendys Co (WEN) Price Target to $18.00 Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Buys 2,484 Shares of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Has $2.11 Million Stake in Government Properties Income Trust (GOV) Wells Fargo & Company MN Has $9.30 Million Stake in InfraREIT Inc (HIFR) Wells Fargo & Company MN Lowers Position in Southwest Gas Holdings Inc (SWX) Automatic Data Processing (ADP) Shares Sold by Cadence Bank NA Manz AG (M5Z) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €57.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Macquarie Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €114.00 Price Target JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€50.00” Price Target for Leoni Ag (LEO) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €50.00 ($56.18) price target on Leoni Ag (ETR:LEO) in a research note released on Monday. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. LEO has been the topic of several other research reports. Nord/LB set a €44.00 ($49.44) price objective on Leoni Ag and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Friday, May 26th. Hauck & Aufhaeuser set a €64.00 ($71.91) price objective on Leoni Ag and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €35.00 ($39.33) price objective on Leoni Ag and gave the stock a sell rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Warburg Research set a €65.00 ($73.03) price objective on Leoni Ag and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €56.00 ($62.92) price objective on Leoni Ag and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €52.50 ($58.99). Shares of Leoni Ag (ETR LEO) opened at 51.194 on Monday. The stock has a market capitalization of €1.67 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 52.615. Leoni Ag has a 12-month low of €23.04 and a 12-month high of €55.85. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €49.97 and a 200 day moving average of €40.68. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “€50.00” Price Target for Leoni Ag (LEO)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/jpmorgan-chase-50-00-price-target-for-leoni-ag-leo.html. Leoni Ag Company Profile Leoni AG is a Germany-based company that provides wires, optical fibers, cables, cable systems, and related services. The Company’s main target market is the automotive and commercial vehicles industry, but it also supplies its products to the healthcare, communication and infrastructure, electrical appliances, as well as conductors and copper solutions industries. Receive News & Ratings for Leoni Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Leoni Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fastenal Company (FAST) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fastenal Company (FAST) Rating Increased to Buy at Longbow Research Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mantech International Corp (MANT) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Cowen and Company Nordson Co. (NDSN) Upgraded to Accumulate by Wellington Shields MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Unilever plc (ULVR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for CareTech Holdings plc (CTH) Avacta Group Plc’s (AVCT) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at FinnCap Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Zillow Group (Z) Stock Price Somewhat Critical News Coverage Very Likely to Affect XPO Logistics (XPO) Stock Price Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Short Interest in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Declines By 16.3% Market Vectors Oil Services ETF (OIH) Short Interest Down 15.0% in May Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Zagg (ZAGG) Stock Price BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Lowers Position in Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (NYSE:MSM) in a note issued to investors on Friday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating on the industrial products company’s stock. A number of other brokerages also recently weighed in on MSM. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $98.00 target price on shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. KeyCorp reiterated a “sector weight” rating on shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded MSC Industrial Direct Co from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 15th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “sell” rating and issued a $85.00 target price on shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. upgraded MSC Industrial Direct Co from a “market perform” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $103.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $96.18. Shares of MSC Industrial Direct Co (NYSE MSM) opened at 85.30 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.86 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.48 and a beta of 0.56. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $87.85 and a 200-day moving average of $95.13. MSC Industrial Direct Co has a 12 month low of $67.74 and a 12 month high of $105.70. MSC Industrial Direct Co (NYSE:MSM) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 6th. The industrial products company reported $0.93 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.90 by $0.03. The company had revenue of $703.78 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $697.85 million. MSC Industrial Direct Co had a return on equity of 18.33% and a net margin of 8.10%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.80 EPS. Analysts forecast that MSC Industrial Direct Co will post $4.03 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/msc-industrial-direct-co-inc-msm-research-coverage-started-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its position in MSC Industrial Direct Co by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 6,610 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $611,000 after buying an additional 32 shares in the last quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC increased its position in MSC Industrial Direct Co by 0.4% in the first quarter. Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC now owns 7,729 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $794,000 after buying an additional 34 shares in the last quarter. Morgan Dempsey Capital Management LLC increased its position in MSC Industrial Direct Co by 3.5% in the first quarter. Morgan Dempsey Capital Management LLC now owns 1,093 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $112,000 after buying an additional 37 shares in the last quarter. Profund Advisors LLC increased its position in MSC Industrial Direct Co by 1.0% in the first quarter. Profund Advisors LLC now owns 6,577 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $676,000 after buying an additional 63 shares in the last quarter. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. increased its position in MSC Industrial Direct Co by 0.6% in the first quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 12,708 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,306,000 after buying an additional 82 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 80.99% of the company’s stock. MSC Industrial Direct Co Company Profile MSC Industrial Direct Co, Inc is a North American distributor of metalworking and maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) products and services. The Company’s range of MRO products include cutting tools, measuring instruments, tooling components, metalworking products, fasteners, flat stock, raw materials, abrasives, machinery hand and power tools, safety and janitorial supplies, plumbing supplies, materials handling products, power transmission components and electrical supplies. Receive News & Ratings for MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Yum China Holdings Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yum China Holdings Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Fastenal Company (FAST) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fastenal Company (FAST) Rating Increased to Buy at Longbow Research Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mantech International Corp (MANT) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Cowen and Company Nordson Co. (NDSN) Upgraded to Accumulate by Wellington Shields MSC Industrial Direct Co Inc (MSM) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Unilever plc (ULVR) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages WPX Energy Inc (WPX) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts FinnCap Reaffirms “Corporate” Rating for CareTech Holdings plc (CTH) Avacta Group Plc’s (AVCT) “Corporate” Rating Reiterated at FinnCap Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Affect Zillow Group (Z) Stock Price Somewhat Critical News Coverage Very Likely to Affect XPO Logistics (XPO) Stock Price Xylem (XYL) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Short Interest in Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) Declines By 16.3% Market Vectors Oil Services ETF (OIH) Short Interest Down 15.0% in May Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact Zagg (ZAGG) Stock Price BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Position Decreased by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Public Employees Retirement Association of Colorado Lowers Position in Stock Yards Bancorp Inc (SYBT) Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Yum China Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:YUMC) in a note issued to investors on Friday, The Fly reports. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also commented on YUMC. CIBC raised their target price on shares of Yum China Holdings from $33.00 to $35.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Yum China Holdings from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Vetr lowered shares of Yum China Holdings from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.65 target price on the stock. in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Deutsche Bank AG initiated coverage on shares of Yum China Holdings in a research report on Friday, February 24th. They set a “buy” rating and a $31.48 target price on the stock. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc lowered shares of Yum China Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $33.10 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, May 5th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $33.74. Yum China Holdings (NASDAQ YUMC) opened at 40.00 on Friday. Yum China Holdings has a 12-month low of $23.79 and a 12-month high of $40.29. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $35.03 and a 200-day moving average price of $29.15. The company has a market cap of $15.37 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.41. Yum China Holdings (NASDAQ:YUMC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 5th. The company reported $0.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.38 by $0.06. The firm had revenue of $1.28 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.27 billion. Yum China Holdings’s quarterly revenue was down 1.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Yum China Holdings will post $1.43 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/yum-china-holdings-inc-yumc-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, CEO Muktesh Pant bought 100,000 shares of Yum China Holdings stock in a transaction dated Friday, April 7th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of $31.17 per share, with a total value of $3,117,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 115,733 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,607,397.61. The purchase was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Louis Hsieh bought 30,000 shares of Yum China Holdings stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $34.85 per share, for a total transaction of $1,045,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 39,080 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,361,938. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have bought 134,420 shares of company stock worth $4,316,095 and have sold 53,484 shares worth $1,769,615. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of YUMC. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK raised its position in shares of Yum China Holdings by 6.0% in the first quarter. Aberdeen Asset Management PLC UK now owns 24,975,942 shares of the company’s stock valued at $679,344,000 after buying an additional 1,406,118 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of Yum China Holdings by 4,190.6% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 21,219,447 shares of the company’s stock valued at $577,170,000 after buying an additional 20,724,885 shares during the last quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA raised its position in shares of Yum China Holdings by 0.8% in the first quarter. Massachusetts Financial Services Co. MA now owns 15,321,338 shares of the company’s stock valued at $416,741,000 after buying an additional 126,232 shares during the last quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P raised its position in shares of Yum China Holdings by 0.3% in the first quarter. Loomis Sayles & Co. L P now owns 10,885,386 shares of the company’s stock valued at $296,083,000 after buying an additional 32,594 shares during the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp acquired a new position in shares of Yum China Holdings during the fourth quarter valued at about $249,999,000. About Yum China Holdings Yum China Holdings, Inc is a restaurant company. The Company’s segments include KFC, Pizza Hut Casual Dining, and All Other Segments, including Pizza Hut Home Service, East Dawning, Little Sheep and Taco Bell. As of December 31, 2016, the Company had over 7,500 restaurants in China. Its restaurant base consists of various restaurant concepts. Receive News & Ratings for Yum China Holdings Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yum China Holdings Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL S & P 500 4,868.71 7,307.78     (199.61%) Official Close 4/4/2112 EDT NASDAQ 11,672.04 17,553.50     (198.45%) Official Close 4/4/2112 EDT DJIA 42,395.61 63,601.90     (199.92%) Official Close 4/4/2112 EDT NIKKEI 225 260.00 20,165.00     (1.32%) 11:32:16 PM EDT 6/2/2017 MORGAN STANLEY CEO: Investors are ignoring the 'enormous uncertainty' created by Trump (MS) Seth Archer Jun. 1, 2017, 03:48 PM REUTERS/Jessica Rinaldi The "Trump Bump" is gone for the major bank stocks. Bank stocks slid Wednesday after Bank of America and JPMorgan executives announced lower second-quarter trading revenues compared to last year. Morgan Stanley CEO James Gorman is now saying the same for his firm. “We all have similar clients, if not the same clients,” Gorman told Bloomberg in a video interview.  Trading revenue is expected to drop at least 10% in the second quarter at Morgan Stanley, Gorman said. This mirrors a 15% drop in trading revenue at JPMorgan which CFO Marianne Lake announced Wednesday at an investor conference. Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan also said trading revenues would be lower. Those executives all point to lower volatility as a key factor for the lower revenues. Brexit and the surprise rise election of Donald Trump contributed to higher uncertainty and volatility in the markets in the summer of 2016, according to Gorman. “There is enormous uncertainty which typically would breed tremendous volatility and it’s not,” Gorman said. Economic growth at large is relatively strong, but business-friendly moves promised by Trump, like tax and healthcare reform, have not been implemented as quickly as Trump would have hoped. Normally, this type of political uncertainty would breed higher volatility but that hasn't happened yet, according to Gorman. "Right now, people are trying to unravel the conundrum where globally, the economic picture looks relatively robust," Gorman said. "[But] globally, the geopolitical picture looks relatively unstable. How does one trade in that environment?" Morgan Stanley shares have not moved much this year, and are trading 0.5% higher than the start of 2017. Shares closed Wednesday at $41.74. SHARE THIS POST News for Morgan StanleyMORE BRIEF-Morgan Stanley reports 5.1 pct passive stake in Rosetta Genomics (MS, ROSG) Reuters 11h Stress test relief tops bank wish list ahead of Trump's rule review (JPM, MS, C) Reuters 11h UPDATE 1-Morgan Stanley shuffles wealth management unit (MS, BAC) Reuters 15h Morgan Stanley shuffles wealth management unit (MS) Reuters 16h UPDATE 1-Spotify stock listing could be within a year-source (MS, GS) Reuters 19h your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks MS 42.52 -0.09 (-0.21%) 6/2/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time MS charts here >> Find News GO Home / Stocks / Morgan Stanley-Quote / News for Morgan Stanley Morgan Stanley / MORGAN STANLEY CEO: Investors are ignoring the 'enormous uncertainty' created by Trump (MS) Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Made in NYC | Stock quotes by finanzen.net Need help? Contact us! International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading JPMorgan’s Dimon says he disagrees with Trump’s Paris climate accord withdrawal  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies PARIS CLIMATE SUMMIT Paris climate summit 2015 Paris climate summit 2015 JPMorgan’s Dimon says he disagrees with Trump’s Paris climate accord withdrawal Three business advisors to Donald Trump have withdrawn from their roles since February over disagreements with his policies. PUBLISHED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 3:41pm UPDATED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 3:59pm Comments:   Peggy Sito peggy.sito@scmp.com http://twitter.com/peggysito Share PrintEmail Related topics Paris climate summit 2015 Donald Trump Climate change More on this story Diplomacy & Defence China vows to work with EU on climate pact even if US pulls out 2 Jun 2017 United States & Canada US trading partners swiftly woo China after Trump quits TPP 24 Jan 2017 Policies & Politics Will China take the lead if Trump pulls out of climate change treaty? 17 Nov 2016 Related Articles Insight & Opinion Even without the US, Paris accord can still save the world 2 Jun 2017 Diplomacy & Defence China’s now able to lead on climate change … but is it willing? 2 Jun 2017 Insight & Opinion Paris accord pull-out is just Donald Trump playing to type 2 Jun 2017 Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and a member of Donald Trump’s business advisory council, said he disagrees with the US president’s plan to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord. Still, Dimon signalled he won’t follow Tesla Inc’s chief executive Elon Musk and Walt Disney’s CEO Bob Iger in quitting the council, which provides the president with advice on everything from tax reforms to employment and business policies. “I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said in an emailed statement. Trump said overnight he would withdraw the US from the global climate accord, saying it favours countries like China and India at the expense of American workers. He had campaigned on a pledge to exit the landmark accord that was one of the signature achievements of his predecessor Barack Obama, calling the agreement a “hoax.” “We are getting out, but we will start to negotiate and we will see if we can make a deal, and if we can, that’s great,” Trump said in televised remarks on Thursday. “And if we can’t, that’s fine.” While the withdrawal process will take years to unfold -- the earliest the US can extricate itself is in November 2020 -- Trump’s plan immediately drew condemnation from European allies and the captains of American industry. Lloyd Blankfein, chairman of Dimon’s competitor bank Goldman Sachs Group Inc., said on Tweeter that Trump’s decision was a “setback for the environment and for the US’s leadership position in the world.” General Electric’s CEO Jeff Immelt tweeted his disappointment with the decision. “Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government,” he tweeted. Tesla’s Musk said withdrawal from the accord was “not good for America or the world,” and announced he’s quitting Trump’s council, as did Disney’s Iger. That makes three members who have withdrawn from the task of providing advice to Trump. In February, Uber Technologies Inc’s CEO and co-founder Travis Kalanick withdrew from the council, responding to the blowback from drivers and Uber riders who criticised Trump’s executive order on immigration. Besides Dimon, the other members who remain on Trump’s business advisory council include Blackstone Group LP’s CEO Stephen Schwarzman, PepsiCo’s CEO Indra Nooyi and General Motors Corp’s CEO Mary Barra. SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. business-article-page   Most Popular Viewed 1 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 2 Even with a pay rise, most Hongkongers are eyeing other jobs 3 Beijing wins a yuan battle but risks losing the currency war 4 Let’s reconcile to a diet of squids as we overfish to our own peril 5 China has a bold plan to tackle bad bank loans Shared 1 The Chinese airports snapping at Hong Kong’s heels 2 Even with a pay rise, most Hongkongers are eyeing other jobs 3 Bicycles are eating the lunch of China’s No. 1 car-sharing app 4 Cheung Kong raises prices by 10pc in a week, reflecting bullishness 5 Beijing wins a yuan battle but risks losing the currency war Commented 1 Trump pulls US out of climate pact: is China set to lead? 2 Why Trump was smart to dump Paris climate pact 3 How China overtook the US in championing climate change 4 Massive show of US-Japan naval force off Korean peninsula 5 Cheung Kong raises prices by 10pc in a week, reflecting bullishness Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Festivals reveal Macau’s Chinese heritage In partnership with Macao Government Tourism Office Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm How universities innovate to create impact Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Societe Generale SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Dollar General Corp. (DG) Trading Up 6.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) JA Solar Holdings Co., Ltd. (JASO) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Sandvine Co. (SVC) Stock Rating Upgraded by National Bank Financial CIBC Lowers DragonWave, Inc. (DWI) to Underperform (Speculative) Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD.UN) Price Target to C$105.00 Express, Inc. (EXPR) Sets New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Shares Up 7% After Earnings Beat JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated their buy rating on shares of Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) in a research report sent to investors on Monday morning. The firm currently has a price target on the financial services provider’s stock. Other analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. Barclays PLC set a €50.00 ($56.18) price target on Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €53.51 ($60.12) price target on Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €61.60 ($69.21) price target on Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Friday, May 19th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €46.00 ($51.69) price objective on Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Finally, S&P Global set a €55.00 ($61.80) price objective on Societe Generale SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, May 4th. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €49.86 ($56.02). Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) opened at 47.14 on Monday. Societe Generale SA has a 52-week low of €25.00 and a 52-week high of €52.26. The firm has a market capitalization of €37.75 billion and a P/E ratio of 11.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €48.68 and its 200-day moving average is €45.89. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-societe-generale-sa-gle.html. Societe Generale SA Company Profile Societe Generale SA is a financial services company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, corporate and investment banking, financial services, insurance, private banking and asset management. The Company’s core businesses are managed through three segments: French Retail Banking, International Retail Banking & Financial Services, and Global Banking and Investor Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Societe Generale SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour Trading the World CNBC Disruptor 50 Lasting Legacy Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Business Business Earnings Leadership Transportation Defense Materials and Metals JPMorgan's Dimon says disagrees with Trump decision to quit climate deal, but 'we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials' Saheli Roy Choudhury | @sahelirc Friday, 2 Jun 2017 | 1:20 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon speaks out against Trumps's climate deal    17 Hours Ago | 00:48 JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon on Friday became the latest business leader to express disagreement with President Donald Trump's decision to pull the U.S. out of the Paris climate agreement. In an emailed statement to CNBC, Dimon said, "I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue." He added, "But we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment." Win McNamee | Getty Images Jamie Dimon, chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, speaks at the Economic Club of Washington September 12, 2016 in Washington, DC. Dimon is one of the CEOs to participate in White House councils and in his statement he did not indicate if he would remain in that post. On Thursday, Disney CEO Robert Iger said he quit the business advisory council over the decision, while Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk also said he'll leave his positions on presidential councils. The president said he would start talks to re-enter the agreement, but with terms that he called a more "fair" deal to his country. His comment was rebuked by several European governments. Many business leaders in the U.S. said they were disappointed by, or disagreed with, the decision, including Apple chief Tim Cook, Google's Sundar Pichai and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg. Last month, at JPMorgan's annual shareholder meeting, Dimon had urged the business community and the administration to work together to find meaningful solutions to critical issues confronting the U.S. In response to a question on Trump's tighter immigration policy, Dimon had said, "He is the president of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our plane. I would try to help any president of the United States because I am a patriot." — CNBC's Dawn Giel contributed to this report. WATCH: Vladimir Putin responds to Trump's decision to leave Paris climate accord show chapters Putin: No specific evidence Russia interfered in US elections    17 Hours Ago | 04:25 Saheli Roy ChoudhuryReporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Intesa Sanpaolo SpA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Dollar General Corp. (DG) Trading Up 6.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) JA Solar Holdings Co., Ltd. (JASO) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Sandvine Co. (SVC) Stock Rating Upgraded by National Bank Financial CIBC Lowers DragonWave, Inc. (DWI) to Underperform (Speculative) Royal Bank of Canada Boosts Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD.UN) Price Target to C$105.00 Express, Inc. (EXPR) Sets New 1-Year Low on Disappointing Earnings Frontline Ltd. (FRO) Shares Up 7% After Earnings Beat Amazon.com Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (AMZN) Short Interest in American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Expands By 11.9% Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €150.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €3.20 ($3.60) price objective on Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (BIT:ISP) in a research note released on Tuesday morning. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Barclays PLC set a €2.70 ($3.03) price objective on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd. Morgan Stanley set a €3.20 ($3.60) price objective on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Royal Bank of Canada set a €2.90 ($3.26) price objective on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. BNP Paribas set a €3.00 ($3.37) price objective on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Finally, S&P Global set a €3.00 ($3.37) price objective on shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, May 8th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the stock. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of €2.77 ($3.12). Shares of Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) opened at 2.572 on Tuesday. Intesa Sanpaolo SpA has a 12 month low of €1.52 and a 12 month high of €2.90. The company has a market cap of €46.35 billion and a PE ratio of 13.828. The firm’s 50-day moving average is €2.67 and its 200-day moving average is €2.42. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/jpmorgan-chase-3-20-price-target-for-intesa-sanpaolo-spa-isp.html. About Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Intesa Sanpaolo S.p.A. is a banking company. The Company’s segments include Banca dei Territori, Corporate and Investment Banking, International Subsidiary Banks, Asset Management, Private Banking and Insurance. The Banca dei Territori division includes the Company’s traditional lending and deposit collecting activities. Receive News & Ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TriMas Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TriMas Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Genius Brands International Inc (GNUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27 Huaneng Power International Inc (HNP) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Graco (GGG) Stock Price Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.26 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Will Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.14 EPS Expected for Kate Spade & Co (KATE) This Quarter Brokerages Set Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) PT at $3.60 Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 TriMas Corp (TRS) Position Reduced by United Services Automobile Association June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet United Services Automobile Association lowered its stake in shares of TriMas Corp (NYSE:TRS) by 3.1% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 544,714 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 17,200 shares during the period. United Services Automobile Association’s holdings in TriMas Corp were worth $11,303,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. American International Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of TriMas Corp by 7.1% in the first quarter. American International Group Inc. now owns 27,762 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $576,000 after buying an additional 1,841 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of TriMas Corp by 26.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 120,754 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,506,000 after buying an additional 25,594 shares in the last quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL boosted its position in shares of TriMas Corp by 133.6% in the first quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 31,300 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $649,000 after buying an additional 17,900 shares in the last quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC boosted its position in shares of TriMas Corp by 1.5% in the first quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 97,862 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $2,031,000 after buying an additional 1,476 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Pzena Investment Management LLC boosted its position in shares of TriMas Corp by 34.9% in the first quarter. Pzena Investment Management LLC now owns 2,708,647 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $56,204,000 after buying an additional 700,756 shares in the last quarter. Shares of TriMas Corp (NYSE TRS) traded up 2.29% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $22.30. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 128,781 shares. The company’s market capitalization is $1.02 billion. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $22.02 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.97. TriMas Corp has a 1-year low of $16.30 and a 1-year high of $24.25. TriMas Corp (NYSE:TRS) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The industrial products company reported $0.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.28 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $199.80 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $200.40 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 1.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the company posted $0.27 earnings per share. Analysts predict that TriMas Corp will post $1.40 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “TriMas Corp (TRS) Position Reduced by United Services Automobile Association” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/trimas-corp-trs-position-reduced-by-united-services-automobile-association.html. Several brokerages have commented on TRS. Roth Capital set a $23.00 price objective on TriMas Corp and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $22.00 price objective (up from $18.00) on shares of TriMas Corp in a report on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities raised TriMas Corp from an “accumulate” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and one has assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $23.00. In other TriMas Corp news, insider Thomas A. Amato bought 1,700 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $22.75 per share, with a total value of $38,675.00. Following the purchase, the insider now owns 57,379 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,305,372.25. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Nancy Gougarty sold 2,976 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $21.01, for a total value of $62,525.76. Following the transaction, the director now directly owns 24,603 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $516,909.03. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 11,676 shares of company stock valued at $248,301. TriMas Corp Company Profile TriMas Corporation is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of engineered products for commercial, industrial and consumer markets. The Company operates through four segments: Packaging, Aerospace, Energy and Engineered Components. The Packaging segment is a designer, manufacturer and distributor of engineered closure and dispensing systems for a range of end markets, including steel and plastic industrial, and consumer packaging applications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TRS? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TriMas Corp (NYSE:TRS). Receive News & Ratings for TriMas Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TriMas Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close Search Marketplace search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series The Economic Anxiety Index What's your score? Take the quiz and compare to the rest of the country Robot-Proof Jobs We're looking at how machines are increasingly entering the workforce — and what we can do to adapt. Make Me Smart Because none of us is as smart as all of us. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Economy Big banks warn of trading revenue decline By Annie Baxter June 02, 2017 | 4:00 PM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/02/economy/big-banks-warn-trading-revenue-decline/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/06/02/economy/big-banks-warn-trading-revenue-decline/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close Some of the nation's biggest banks, JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Citigroup, are warning that trading revenue in the second quarter will be down at least 10 percent compared to a year ago. Goldman Sachs also flagged a drop in trading revenue. One of the reasons they're pointing to? A lack of market volatility. That may seem like a head-scratcher in today’s extremely volatile political environment, but just look at what was happening at this time last year.  Click the audio player above to hear the full story. Follow Annie Baxter at @anniebaxter123.  Annie Baxter Annie Baxter is a senior reporter for Marketplace. She covers a range of topics, with a focus on agriculture and food, from her perch in St. Paul, Minn., where Marketplace’s parent company is headquartered. Annie has been making radio since 2000, when she pursued an internship at KQED... Read More Twitter: anniebaxter123 FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us What now for climate change in the US? Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Prudential plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) to Announce $1.68 EPS Analysts Set AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Price Target at $23.00 IMI plc (IMI) Receives GBX 1,218.18 Average Price Target from Brokerages Prudential plc (PRU) Receives GBX 1,827.63 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Rockwell Automation (ROK) SVP Sujeet Chand Sells 9,500 Shares Analysts Set Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Price Target at $48.22 Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Enova International Inc (ENVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Otter Tail (OTTR) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Financial Counselors Inc. Has $1.18 Million Position in West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) GFI Investment Counsel Ltd. Takes Position in SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Financial Counselors Inc. Sells 3,000 Shares of Highwoods Properties Inc (HIW) Financial Counselors Inc. Buys 10,459 Shares of Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Shares Bought by Financial Counselors Inc. Financial Counselors Inc. Raises Position in NIC Inc. (EGOV) Foyston Gordon & Payne Inc Raises Stake in Sasol Limited (SSL) Spruce House Investment Management LLC Holds Stake in Cimpress NV (CMPR) Zacks: Analysts Expect Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Will Post Earnings of $0.97 Per Share Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Director Alexander J. Denner Buys 90,000 Shares Prudential plc (PRU) Receives GBX 1,827.63 Consensus Price Target from Analysts June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Prudential plc (LON:PRU) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty ratings firms that are covering the stock, MarketBeat Ratings reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have assigned a hold recommendation and fourteen have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 12 month price objective among brokerages that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is GBX 1,827.63 ($23.48). A number of equities analysts have recently commented on PRU shares. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Prudential plc to a “neutral” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from GBX 1,450 ($18.63) to GBX 1,705 ($21.90) in a report on Friday, March 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “conviction-buy” rating and set a GBX 1,775 ($22.80) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 1,683 ($21.62) target price on shares of Prudential plc in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Canaccord Genuity increased their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,700 ($21.84) to GBX 1,900 ($24.41) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, Berenberg Bank increased their target price on shares of Prudential plc from GBX 1,783 ($22.90) to GBX 2,200 ($28.26) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, April 19th. In other Prudential plc news, insider John W. Foley sold 22,807 shares of Prudential plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.36), for a total value of £379,280.41 ($487,193.85). Also, insider Tony Paul Wilkey sold 147,537 shares of Prudential plc stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, April 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 1,663 ($21.36), for a total transaction of £2,453,540.31 ($3,151,625.32). Insiders have purchased a total of 32 shares of company stock worth $53,998 in the last three months. Shares of Prudential plc (PRU) traded up 0.54% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting GBX 1767.00. 4,527,360 shares of the company were exchanged. Prudential plc has a one year low of GBX 1,096.00 and a one year high of GBX 1,801.50. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 1,725.97 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,641.15. The stock’s market cap is GBX 45.42 billion. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 19th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 30th were paid a dividend of GBX 30.57 ($0.39) per share. This is a positive change from Prudential plc’s previous dividend of $12.93. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 30th. This represents a yield of 1.78%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Prudential plc (PRU) Receives GBX 1,827.63 Consensus Price Target from Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/prudential-plc-pru-receives-gbx-1827-63-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. Prudential plc Company Profile Prudential Public Limited Company (Prudential) is a United Kingdom-based international financial services company. The Company offers a range of retail financial products and services and asset management services throughout these territories. The Company operates through Insurance operations and Asset management operations. Receive News & Ratings for Prudential plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Prudential plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Westlake Chemical Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share Analysts Expect Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) to Announce $1.68 EPS Analysts Set AmTrust Financial Services Inc (AFSI) Price Target at $23.00 IMI plc (IMI) Receives GBX 1,218.18 Average Price Target from Brokerages Prudential plc (PRU) Receives GBX 1,827.63 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Rockwell Automation (ROK) SVP Sujeet Chand Sells 9,500 Shares Analysts Set Sealed Air Corp (SEE) Price Target at $48.22 Foundation Medicine Inc (FMI) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Enova International Inc (ENVA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Otter Tail (OTTR) Getting Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Financial Counselors Inc. Has $1.18 Million Position in West Pharmaceutical Services Inc. (WST) GFI Investment Counsel Ltd. Takes Position in SiteOne Landscape Supply Inc (SITE) Financial Counselors Inc. Sells 3,000 Shares of Highwoods Properties Inc (HIW) Financial Counselors Inc. Buys 10,459 Shares of Compass Minerals International, Inc. (CMP) RLJ Lodging Trust (RLJ) Shares Bought by Financial Counselors Inc. Financial Counselors Inc. Raises Position in NIC Inc. (EGOV) Foyston Gordon & Payne Inc Raises Stake in Sasol Limited (SSL) Spruce House Investment Management LLC Holds Stake in Cimpress NV (CMPR) Zacks: Analysts Expect Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Will Post Earnings of $0.97 Per Share Bioverativ Inc (BIVV) Director Alexander J. Denner Buys 90,000 Shares Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Brokerages predict that Westlake Chemical Co. (NYSE:WLK) will report earnings per share (EPS) of $1.12 for the current quarter, according to Zacks. Three analysts have issued estimates for Westlake Chemical’s earnings. The lowest EPS estimate is $1.01 and the highest is $1.30. Westlake Chemical posted earnings per share of $1.21 in the same quarter last year, which suggests a negative year-over-year growth rate of 7.4%. The company is scheduled to announce its next quarterly earnings report on Thursday, July 27th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Westlake Chemical will report full-year earnings of $4.40 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.27 to $4.72. For the next year, analysts expect that the company will post earnings of $4.61 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $4.38 to $4.89. Zacks’ EPS averages are a mean average based on a survey of analysts that that provide coverage for Westlake Chemical. Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty chemicals company reported $1.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.46. The business had revenue of $1.94 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.62 billion. Westlake Chemical had a net margin of 9.50% and a return on equity of 13.56%. Westlake Chemical’s quarterly revenue was up 99.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.94 EPS. Several research firms have commented on WLK. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upped their price objective on shares of Westlake Chemical from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday. Cowen and Company upped their price objective on shares of Westlake Chemical from $66.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Bank of America Corp reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 price objective on shares of Westlake Chemical in a report on Monday, May 8th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Westlake Chemical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 price objective on shares of Westlake Chemical in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $62.45. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) to Announce $1.12 Earnings Per Share” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/zacks-analysts-anticipate-westlake-chemical-co-wlk-to-announce-1-12-earnings-per-share.html. Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) traded up 0.80% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $62.93. 730,872 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.80 and a beta of 1.69. Westlake Chemical has a one year low of $39.48 and a one year high of $68.08. The company’s 50-day moving average is $62.66 and its 200-day moving average is $61.74. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be given a $0.1906 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a $0.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.21%. Westlake Chemical’s payout ratio is presently 24.20%. In other news, VP George J. Mangieri sold 6,578 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.21, for a total value of $409,217.38. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 6,577 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $409,155.17. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Mark Steven Bender sold 12,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.32, for a total transaction of $771,840.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 58,243 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,746,189.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 71.70% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Ruggie Capital Group acquired a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the first quarter worth about $117,000. OppenheimerFunds Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the first quarter worth about $205,000. Regentatlantic Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the first quarter worth about $206,000. Private Advisor Group LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the first quarter worth about $215,000. Finally, Breton Hill Capital Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Westlake Chemical during the first quarter worth about $218,000. 28.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Westlake Chemical Company Profile Westlake Chemical Corporation is a global manufacturer and marketer of basic chemicals, vinyls, polymers and building products. The Company’s products include a range of chemicals, which are fundamental to various consumer and industrial markets, including flexible and rigid packaging, automotive products, coatings, water treatment, refrigerants, residential and commercial construction, as well as other durable and non-durable goods. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Westlake Chemical (WLK) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In U.S. Trump's Advisers Elon Musk and Robert Iger Quit Over Paris Climate Decision By Reuters On 6/2/17 at 3:33 AM Close U.S. Paris Agreement Donald Trump Elon Musk Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Subscribe to Newsweek from $1 per week Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Tesla 'Rejected' Uber for Self-Driving Car Partnership Kremlin Eyes Competition With Elon Musk in Space Elon Musk Gloats as Tesla Stock Hits Record High Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us Newsweek Media Group Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe June 02 Issue AI Will Cure America's Sick Health Care System Mislabeling Means Consumers Eat a Lot of Imposter Fish What Curing Deaf Mice's Hearing Means For Humans May 26 Issue Inside Putin’s Campaign to Destroy U.S. Democracy A Look Back at the Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper’s' at 50 Mother's Day Massacre May 19 Issue In Rural Siberia, the Hospital Comes to You Vive Le Centre? Macron’s Fight Is Only Just Beginning Why Johnny Can't Integrate May 12 Issue Why Jack Ma's Second Act Will Be Tougher Than His First Space: The Final Homework Frontier Trump’s Tax Cuts Ignore History and Arithmetic Browse Archives
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 34°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Stuck for months, S&P 500 manages weekly gain for restless bulls Saturday June 3, 2017 10:13 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Does a low dosage of aspirin reduce risk of cancer? The Edit: ‘It Comes at Night’ offers up a scary new trailer Want to visit the US? Hand over your social media handles The Edit: Kathy Griffin brands Donald Trump a ‘bully’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange in New York June 3, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, June 3 — The bulls are back in charge after a second weekly advance pushed the S&P 500 Index to a fresh record. But look a little more closely and the signs of unease in the stock market are hard to ignore. It’s visible in fund flows, where investors are rotating from US stocks to the rest of the world at the fastest pace in two years. And short sellers are getting aggressive, raising bearish bets in three of the past four months. US stocks climbed this week, led by by phone companies and materials producers. The S&P 500 increased 1 per cent to 2,438.91 and Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.6 per cent to 21,204.58. While the gains built on the previous week’s breakout, neither index is more than 2 per cent above the all-time highs reached on March 1. In other words, benchmark indexes are at records, but they also haven’t advanced much since March, one of the longer periods of stasis since Donald Trump’s election. For all their resilience, equity investors remain anxious about an economy that has recently given uneven evidence of its vigor just as the Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates.  After yesterday’s employment report, three-month US jobs growth is now the lowest since 2012. Housing demand weakened more than expected in April, and while manufacturing gauges remain firm, a series of reports on inflation continue to show corporate pricing power is muted. “It is a warning that, as with asset prices, the key question is not the level you are at, but the prospects for growth from here,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds in New York. “Investors should consider whether overseas economies with greater growth potential may provide better equity market returns.” Meanwhile, investors in exchange-traded funds turned net sellers of US stocks in May for the first time in a year, with withdrawals approaching US$2 billion (RM8.5 billion), data compiled by Bloomberg show. They added US$22 billion to equity funds that invest in markets from Europe to Asia. The divergence in flows, the widest since April 2015, marked a turnaround from last year, when almost US$10 went for American equities for every one that went elsewhere. Even as stocks vaulted to new highs, bears aren’t deterred.  Short interest as a proportion of total shares outstanding has expanded since January, rising by 0.3 percentage point to 3.9 per cent. Never before has an equity advance as big as this year’s occurred simultaneously with more short sales, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg that goes back to 2008. Spotty demand for American stocks coincided with hiccups in economic data. Rather than picking up pace as expected by many at the start of the year, Citigroup’s Economic Surprise Index for the US, which measures the difference between actual releases and economist expectations, peaked in March and has since fallen to the lowest level since February 2016. By contrast, similar gauges for the rest of the world have fared better as Brazil and Russia emerged from recessions while the populist political tide receded in Europe. Since the global financial crisis, the US had dominated equity gains worldwide, with rallies underpinned by easier monetary policy and a steady recovery. Now that growth is poised to accelerate from Europe to Japan, American assets are losing some of their appeal. In Bank of America Corp’s latest survey of money managers, 82 per cent called the US the most expensive market. While the S&P 500 is up 8.9 per cent this year, it’s poised to trail the MSCI World ex-US Index for the first time since 2009. The dollar is heading for the worst annual decline in a decade after losing about 6 per cent of its value against a basket of currencies. Even within the US market itself, the preference for overseas exposure is evident. A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. basket tracking shares with the highest leverage to international growth has risen 17 per cent this year, compared with 6 per cent for a similar gauge for domestic-focused companies. “The dollar weakness and non-US economic strength is being replayed all over the world,” said Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at US Trust in New York. “Rarely have times been better for US firms with global exposure. The auspicious omens are plain to see.” — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Ringgit likely to trade higher versus US dollar next week Oil down 1 per cent on rising US drilling fears, supply glut Bursa to be firmer next week Dollar tanks on US jobs data but stocks scale new peaks Money market expected to remain steady next week EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter 1MDB probe: MAS fines Credit Suisse, UOB, seeks more trading bans (VIDEO) Time for Islamic banks to consider merger, says banker Switch it up this year: Buy in May, till November stay Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: With rave reviews, 'Wonder Woman' readies to launch Reuters Video: Francois Ozon's 'L'Amant Double' shocks at Cannes Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Tech leads Wall Street higher; jobs data falls short Dow, S&P little changed as job growth slows in May Wall Street higher as strong private jobs data boosts confidence Wall Street opens slightly lower as investors digest data Global stocks meander in holiday-hit trading; pound rises Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
                                  Saturday, Jun 03, 2017   search SGN SERVING SEATTLE AND THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST FOR 43 YEARS! http://sgn.org/rss.xml Javascript DHTML Drop Down Menu Powered by dhtml-menu-builder.com Last Weeks Edition                           Weather Forecast         to Section One | to Arts & Entertainment posted Friday, June 2, 2017 - Volume 45 Issue 22 HRC Equidad MX: Global Workplace Equality Program launches groundbreaking LGBT workplace inclusion survey for employers in Mexico Section One ALL STORIES   next story HRC Equidad MX: Global Workplace Equality Program launches groundbreaking LGBT workplace inclusion survey for employers in Mexico New effort has strong corporate support, builds off success of HRC's Corporate Equality Index MEXICO CITY - The Human Rights Campaign (HRC) Foundation, the educational arm of America's largest lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, has announced that its HRC Equidad MX: Global Workplace Equality Program (http://www.hrc.org/resources/hrc-equidad-mx-global-workplace-equality-program) is undertaking a groundbreaking new survey of Mexican businesses' LGBT inclusive policies and practices. Continuing their long record of support for equality, major employers Citibanamex, Accenture, Google, Kellogg and Mastercard have already committed to participate in the Mexico-focused survey and report. The survey was announced at an event on May 23 hosted by Citibanamex and comes during a time of significant progress in LGBTQ workplace inclusion around the globe. In the coming months, Mexico-based HRC Equidad MX will collect responses to the survey, which will run parallel to HRC's annual Corporate Equality Index (CEI) survey (http://www.hrc.org/campaigns/corporate-equality-index), and release the results during the Fall of 2017. The forthcoming report will evaluate major Mexican business and multinational companies on three core pillars of LGBT inclusion: o Adoption of nondiscrimination policies; o Creation of employee resource groups or diversity and inclusion councils; o Engagement in public activities to support LGBT inclusion. Highly rated employers will receive a designation similar to the 'Best Places to Work' certification offered through the CEI. 'Businesses around the world continue to lead for LGBT equality,' said Mary Beth Maxwell, HRC's Vice President for Programs, Research and Training. 'From the companies taking the Equidad MX survey on inclusion to the HRC Global Business Coalition raising the bar, private sector partners around the world are sending a clear message that equality and inclusion are good for business.' 'Having these five important companies support this effort by the Human Rights Campaign represents a significant step in raising awareness of workplace equality among Mexican companies,' said Deena Fidas, Director of HRC's Workplace Equality Program. 'Mexico is a great commercial and social partner for the United States, and replicating the work we have done with companies over the past 15 years in the U.S. through our Corporate Equality Index will be a watershed moment for Mexican and multinational companies operating here.' 'Citibanamex is an institution committed to giving the best of Mexico and the best in the world to our clients and employees. This commitment goes hand in hand with respect and job inclusion of the LGBT population,' said Liliana Iñigo, Citibanamex's LGBT Ambassador for Latin America and Citibanamex's Executive Director of Marketing. 'We establish a culture that promotes integrity and confidence so that our collaborators can enhance their talent, regardless of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Participating in the HRC Equidad MX certification shows the conviction we have to build the best working environment for the LGBT population in Mexico and in our Financial Group.' 'Accenture is an inclusive company that promotes an environment of trust and motivates each one of its members to be authentic. We are proud to be a multinational firm that works every day to provide a fair work environment, regardless of the sexual orientation or gender identity of the people. With this, we formally declare our commitment to continue working towards the LGBT inclusion supported by the HRC Equity MX certification,' said Jorge Torres, Accenture's Chief Technology Officer. 'Google's mission is to organize information and make it accessible and useful for everyone. In this sense, our search for diversity is a natural extension of this mission as we seek to increase access to opportunities, breaking down barriers and empowering people through technology,' said Delfina Grossi, Google Marketing Solutions Manager and Diversity Ambassador for Google Mexico. 'Kellogg seeks to foster a culture of inclusion for all its employees and generate a work environment in which people are appreciated and can be authentic,' said Guillermo González Guerra, Director of Human Resources at Kellogg Latin America. 'Through its K-Pride & Allies program, the company works to become the employer of choice for the LGBT community by promoting equity, solidarity and respect. Getting the HRC Equidad MX badge will be a very important step in this regard.' 'Mastercard is proud to participate in HRC's Global Business Coalition and to promote inclusive and diverse corporate culture with different actions that reinforce our commitment with our most important capital, the human and in the community in which we work,' said Brenda Hernandez, Director of Human Resources for Mastercard Mexico, Central America and the Caribbean. Accenture, Google and Mastercard are members of HRC's Global Business Coalition (http://www.hrc.org/resources/global-business-coalition), a cohort of global employers publicly committed to inclusion everywhere they do business. Through its Corporate Equality Index (http://www.hrc.org/campaigns/corporate-equality-index), the HRC Foundation has established a roadmap for the adoption of LGBTQ-inclusive policies, benefits and practices across major corporations. Last year, for the second year in a row, HRC launched its international CEI in Mexico City along with the U.S. Embassy in Mexico, The Dow Chemical Company, J.P. Morgan Chase, and the Mexican state-owned petroleum company, PEMEX. In conjunction with the launch of the 2017 CEI, HRC Equidad MX released a Spanish-language toolkit for workplaces in Mexico and around Latin America. The guide provides predominantly Spanish-language workplaces with a resource to help train and equip employees to build LGBT-inclusive environments. HRC Equidad MX: Global Workplace Equality Program, which launched last year, works to increase awareness about the importance of LGBTQ diversity and inclusion in Mexico's workplaces by developing consulting and education models for Mexican companies and organizations. It also utilizes HRC's tools and relationships to engage interested companies in aligning their corporate policies on LGBTQ inclusion to international standards. To learn more about participating in the HRC Equidad MX survey, please email equidadmx@hrc.org And to learn more about HRC Equidad: MX, visit hrc.im/equidadmx. The Human Rights Campaign Foundation is the educational arm of America's largest civil rights organization working to achieve equality for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer people. HRC envisions a world where LGBTQ people are embraced as full members of society at home, at work, and in every community. Courtesy of the Human Rights Campaign HRC Equidad México: Programa Global de Igualdad en los Centros de Trabajo lanza una encuesta innovadora sobre inclusión LGBT en centros laborales para empleadores en México La iniciativa cuenta con un fuerte apoyo corporativo, resaltando el éxito del Índice Corporativo de Igualdad de HRC CIUDAD DE MÉXICO - La Fundación Human Rights Campaign, el brazo educativo de la organización de derechos civiles de personas lesbianas, gais, bisexuales, transgénero y queer (LGBTQ) más grande de Estados Unidos, anunció que HRC Equidad MX: Programa Global de Igualdad en los Centros de Trabajo, está llevando a cabo una encuesta innovadora sobre las políticas y prácticas inclusivas de personas LGBT en las empresas mexicanas. Siguiendo con su larga trayectoria de apoyo a la igualdad, los principales empleadores Citibanamex, Accenture, Google, Kellogg y Mastercard ya se han comprometido a participar en la encuesta y el informe centrados en México. La encuesta fue anunciada en un evento organizado 23 de mayo por Citibanamex y llega durante un tiempo de progreso significativo de la inclusión LGBTQ en el lugar de trabajo en todo el mundo. En los próximos meses, HRC Equidad MX, con sede en México, recogerá las respuestas de la encuesta que será efectuada paralelamente a la encuesta anual del Índice Corporativo de Igualdad (CEI, por sus siglas en inglés) de HRC y dará a conocer los resultados durante el otoño de 2017. En el próximo reporte se evaluará a las empresas y multinacionales sobre tres pilares fundamentales de la inclusión LGBT: o Adopción de políticas de no discriminación; o Creación de grupos de recursos para empleados o consejos de diversidad e inclusión; o Participación en actividades públicas para apoyar la inclusión LGBT. Los empleadores altamente calificados recibirán una designación similar a la certificación 'Best Places to Work' ofrecida a través de la CEI. 'Las empresas de todo el mundo continúan liderando la igualdad LGBT. De las compañías que toman la encuesta de Equidad MX sobre la inclusión en la Coalición de Negocios Globales de la BLC, los socios del sector privado en todo el mundo están enviando un claro mensaje de que la igualdad y la inclusión son buenas para los negocios',dijo Mary Beth Maxwell, vicepresidenta de Programas, Investigación y Capacitación de HRC. 'El contar con el apoyo de estas cinco empresas tan importantes significa para Human Rights Campaign un gran paso en concientizar a las empresas mexicanas. México es un gran aliado comercial y social para los Estados Unidos, por lo que replicar el trabajo que hemos realizado durante 15 años en EE. UU, con las empresas que han participado en el Índice Corporativo de Igualdad, significará un parteaguas en las empresas mexicanas y multinacionales que operan en este país', dijo Deena Fidas, directora del Programa de Equidad Corporativa de la Fundación Human Rights Campaign. Por su parte, Liliana Iñigo, embajadora LGBT de Citi para América Latina y directora ejecutiva de Mercadotecnia de Citibanamex, comentó: 'Citibanamex es una institución comprometida en dar lo mejor de México y lo mejor del mundo a nuestros clientes y empleados. Este compromiso va de la mano con el respeto y la inclusión laboral de la población LGBT. Establecemos una cultura que promueve la integridad y confianza para que nuestros colaboradores puedan potencializar su talento, sin importar su orientación sexual o identidad de género. Participar en la certificación HRC Equidad MX demuestra la convicción que tenemos para construir el mejor ambiente laboral para la población LGBT en México y en nuestro Grupo Financiero'. Asimismo, Guillermo González Guerra, director de Recursos Humanos de Kellogg Latinoamérica, recalcó que Kellogg busca fomentar una cultura de inclusión para todos sus colaboradores y generar un ambiente de trabajo en el que las personas sean apreciadas y puedan ser auténticas. 'A través de su programa K-Pride & Allies, la compañía trabaja para convertirse en el empleador de elección de la comunidad LGBT al promover la equidad, la solidaridad y el respeto. Obtener el distintivo HRC Equidad MX, será un paso muy importante en este sentido'dijo González Guerra. Accenture, Google y Mastercard son miembros de la Coalición de Negocios Globales de HRC, una cohorte de empleadores globales públicamente comprometidos con la inclusión en todas partes donde hacen negocios. Al respecto, Jorge Torres, director de Tecnología de Accenture, comentó que su empresa es una entidad incluyente que promueve un ambiente de confianza y motiva a cada uno de sus integrantes a ser auténticos. 'Nos sentimos orgullosos de ser una firma multinacional que trabaja cada día en brindar un ambiente de trabajo equitativo, independientemente de la orientación sexual o identidad de género de las personas. Con esto, declaramos formalmente nuestro compromiso de continuar trabajando hacia la inclusión LGBT apoyados de la certificación HRC Equidad MX', comentó Torres. Delfina Grossi, gerente de Google Marketing Solutions y embajadora de Diversidad para Google México mencionó que: 'La misión de Google es organizar la información y hacerla accesible y útil para todos. En este sentido, nuestra búsqueda por la diversidad es una extensión natural de esta misión ya que buscamos aumentar el acceso a las oportunidades, derribando las barreras y empoderando a las personas a través de la tecnología'. 'Mastercard se enorgullece de participar en la Coalición de Negocios Globales de HRC y en la promoción de la cultura corporativa inclusiva y diversa con diferentes acciones que refrendan nuestro compromiso principal con nuestro capital más importante, el humano y en la comunidad en la que trabajamos', dijo Brenda Hernández, directora de Recursos Humanos de Mastercard México, Centroamérica y el Caribe, señaló: A través de su Índice Corporativo de Igualdad, la Fundación HRC ha establecido una hoja de ruta para la adopción de políticas, beneficios y prácticas inclusivas de LGBTQ entre las principales corporaciones. El año pasado, por segundo año consecutivo, HRC lanzó su CEI internacional en la Ciudad de México junto con la Embajada de los Estados Unidos en México, The Dow Chemical Company, J.P. Morgan Chase y la petrolera estatal mexicana PEMEX. Junto con el lanzamiento del CEI de 2017, HRC Equidad MX lanzó una caja de herramientas en español para los lugares de trabajo en México y en Latinoamérica. La guía provee a lugares de trabajo hispanos con un recurso para ayudar a entrenar y equipar a los empleados a construir ambientes inclusivos de personas LGBT. HRC Equidad MX: Programa Global de Igualdad en los Centros de Trabajo, que fue lanzado el año pasado, busca aumentar la conciencia sobre la importancia de la diversidad e inclusión de personas LGBTQ en los lugares de trabajo mexicanos desarrollando modelos de consultoría y educación para empresas y organizaciones mexicanas. También utiliza las herramientas y relaciones de HRC para comprometer a las compañías interesadas en alinear sus políticas corporativas con la inclusión de LGBTQ a los estándares internacionales. Para obtener más información sobre la participación en la encuesta HRC Equidad MX, envíe un correo electrónico a equidadmx@hrc.org y para saber más sobre HRC Equidad: MX, visite hrc.im/equidadmx. La Fundación Human Rights Campaign es el brazo educativo de la organización de derechos civiles más grande de Estados Unidos que trabaja para lograr la igualdad para las personas lesbianas, gais, bisexuales, transexuales y queer. HRC contempla un mundo donde las personas LGBTQ son abrazadas como miembros plenos de la sociedad en el hogar, en el trabajo y en todas las comunidades. Courtesy of the Human Rights Campaign Tell a friend:  Share on Facebook Share on MySpace!     Share on Delicious Share on StumbleUpon! 5th Annual Pride Flag Raising event at Seattle City Hall held June 1 ------------------------------ Title IX and 14th Amendment protect Trans students, federal appeals court says ------------------------------ Pride Month statement from the Democratic Party ------------------------------ SGN exclusive interview: Hisam Goueli, candidate for Seattle City Council ------------------------------ JESSE'S JOURNAL: The return of Physique Pictorial ------------------------------ Trump's immigration policies threaten children's mental health, Rep. Jayapal says ------------------------------ 7th Annual South Park LGBTQueer Pride Picnic is Sunday, June 4! FREE tamales for first 200 people! ------------------------------ No Pride proclamation or celebrations at Trump White House Nancy Pelosi and Tom Perez issue Democratic Party statements ------------------------------ Trumpcare could be a 'death sentence' for Trans community Experts cite dangers in GOP health care plan ------------------------------ Martina Navratilova to Margaret Court: Shut up! ------------------------------ Navratilova, Murray and other professional tennis players criticize Margaret Court's homophobic remarks ------------------------------ HRC Equidad MX: Global Workplace Equality Program launches groundbreaking LGBT workplace inclusion survey for employers in Mexico ------------------------------ HIV prevention study looking for Native American male participants ------------------------------ RELIGION: This Sunday, June 4, Glitter+Fire will celebrate The Queerness of Pentecost ------------------------------ China shuts down Lesbian dating app Closure may be linked to Shanghai demonstration ------------------------------ Chinese government 'disappears' activists investigating Ivanka Trump's shoe factory ------------------------------ Weekly Pets ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ BREAKING NEWS ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------ ------------------------------         gay news feeds gay news readers gay rss gay http://sgn.org/rss.xml | what is RSS? | use Google to set up your RSS feed SGN Calendar For Mobile Phones http://sgn.org/rssCalendarMobile.xml SGN Calendar http://sgn.org/rssCalendar.xml Seattle Gay News - SGN 1707 23rd Ave Seattle, WA 98122 Phone 206-324-4297 Fax 206-322-7188 email: sgn2@sgn.org website suggestions: web@sgn.org copyright Seattle Gay News 2017 - DigitalTeamWorks 2017 USA Gay News American News American Gay News USA American Gay News United States American Lesbian News USA American Lesbian News United States USA News Pacific Northwest News in Seattle News in Washington State News
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Autobytel Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Autobytel Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corp. (AGM) Director Douglas Flory Sells 1,325 Shares Incyte Co. (INCY) Director Jean Jacques Bienaime Acquires 500 Shares Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Director Purchases $59,730.00 in Stock FBR & Co (FBRC) Director Thomas J. Hynes, Jr. Buys 6,817 Shares Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) CFO Sells $65,600.00 in Stock Midland States Bancorp Inc (MSBI) Director Sells $68,900.00 in Stock Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) EVP John J. Skocilic, Jr. Sells 4,774 Shares News Corp (NWS) Shares Sold by Fayez Sarofim & Co 119,200 Shares in Nabors Industries Ltd. (NBR) Acquired by Myriad Asset Management Ltd. ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. – American Depositary Shares (IMOS) Position Held by Herald Investment Management Ltd Segantii Capital Management Ltd Invests $380,000 in Internap Corp (INAP) Segantii Capital Management Ltd Purchases 9,155 Shares of Willdan Group, Inc. (WLDN) Herald Investment Management Ltd Invests $1.46 Million in Adesto Technologies Corp (IOTS) Stockman Wealth Management Inc. Has $279,000 Position in Black Hills Corp (BKH) Asure Software Inc (ASUR) Stake Held by Herald Investment Management Ltd 28,036 Shares in Calithera Biosciences Inc (CALA) Acquired by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Myriad Asset Management Ltd. Purchases New Position in Weatherford International Plc (WFT) 25,000 Shares in United States Steel Co. (X) Acquired by Segantii Capital Management Ltd Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) Position Maintained by Investec Asset Management PTY Ltd Thor Industries, Inc. (THO) Shares Sold by Investec Asset Management North America Inc. Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) EVP John J. Skocilic, Jr. Sells 4,774 Shares June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Autobytel Inc. (NASDAQ:ABTL) EVP John J. Skocilic, Jr. sold 4,774 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, June 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $12.66, for a total value of $60,438.84. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 11,083 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $140,310.78. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) traded down 0.24% on Friday, reaching $12.68. The company had a trading volume of 69,620 shares. The stock has a market cap of $140.38 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.32 and a beta of 1.25. The company has a 50-day moving average of $12.70 and a 200 day moving average of $13.11. Autobytel Inc. has a one year low of $10.72 and a one year high of $18.39. Autobytel (NASDAQ:ABTL) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The information services provider reported $0.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.19 by $0.07. Autobytel had a return on equity of 12.15% and a net margin of 2.54%. The business had revenue of $37.34 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.05 million. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.21 EPS. Autobytel’s quarterly revenue was up 3.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Autobytel Inc. will post $1.26 EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Autobytel Inc. (ABTL) EVP John J. Skocilic, Jr. Sells 4,774 Shares” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/autobytel-inc-abtl-evp-john-j-skocilic-jr-sells-4774-shares.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Globeflex Capital L P bought a new position in shares of Autobytel during the first quarter worth about $102,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of Autobytel by 24.9% in the first quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 8,706 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 1,734 shares during the last quarter. Stoneridge Investment Partners LLC bought a new position in shares of Autobytel during the first quarter worth about $129,000. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Autobytel during the first quarter worth about $130,000. Finally, Emancipation Management LLC bought a new position in shares of Autobytel during the fourth quarter worth about $158,000. 68.10% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. A number of research analysts recently issued reports on the company. ValuEngine lowered Autobytel from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday. B. Riley restated a “buy” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Autobytel in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Autobytel from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $14.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Autobytel Company Profile Autobytel Inc is an automotive marketing services company that assists automotive retail dealers and automotive manufacturers market and sell new and used vehicles to consumers through the programs for online lead referrals, dealer marketing products and services, and online advertising programs and mobile products. Receive News & Ratings for Autobytel Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Autobytel Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wpp Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wpp Plc (WPP) Receives GBX 1,961.47 Consensus PT from Brokerages Brokerages Set Cardinal Health Inc (CAH) PT at $82.71 iRobot Co. (IRBT) Receives $68.00 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Callaway Golf Co (ELY) Target Price at $14.00 KaloBios Pharmaceuticals (KBIO) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Vail Resorts (MTN) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.33 MER Telemanagement Solutions Ltd. (MTSL) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Raised to “Hold” at ValuEngine Insider Selling: RealPage Inc (RP) Chairman Sells 159,600 Shares of Stock Stephens Inc. AR Purchases Shares of 129,204 Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Stephens Inc. AR Has $1.66 Million Stake in ABIOMED, Inc. (ABMD) Stephens Inc. AR Takes Position in Pacific Biosciences of California (PACB) 19,659 Shares in Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Acquired by Stephens Inc. AR Stephens Inc. AR Acquires New Position in Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Stephens Inc. AR Acquires 3,373 Shares of National Retail Properties, Inc. (NNN) Northeast Bancorp (NBN) Upgraded to “Buy” by ValuEngine Obalon Therapeutics Inc (OBLN) Position Held by Bellevue Group AG National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Downgraded to Hold at ValuEngine Noah Holdings Limited (NOAH) Rating Lowered to Hold at ValuEngine Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Rating Increased to Buy at ValuEngine Wpp Plc (WPP) Receives GBX 1,961.47 Consensus PT from Brokerages June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the twenty-one brokerages that are presently covering the stock, MarketBeat.com reports. Five equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and sixteen have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price objective among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 1,961.47 ($25.20). Several analysts have issued reports on the company. Liberum Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 2,000 ($25.69) price objective on shares of Wpp Plc in a research note on Wednesday, May 24th. Shore Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Wpp Plc in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Macquarie restated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($26.97) price objective on shares of Wpp Plc in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 2,100 ($26.97) price objective (down previously from GBX 2,200 ($28.26)) on shares of Wpp Plc in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their price objective on Wpp Plc from GBX 2,102 ($27.00) to GBX 1,997 ($25.65) and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Wpp Plc (LON:WPP) traded up 0.40% on Tuesday, reaching GBX 1754.00. The company had a trading volume of 2,928,667 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,708.29 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 1,763.99. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 22.22 billion. Wpp Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,204.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 1,928.07. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Wpp Plc (WPP) Receives GBX 1,961.47 Consensus PT from Brokerages” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/wpp-plc-wpp-receives-gbx-1961-47-consensus-pt-from-brokerages.html. In other Wpp Plc news, insider Roberto Quarta acquired 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of GBX 1,729 ($22.21) per share, with a total value of £172,900 ($222,093.77). Also, insider Sir Martin Sorrell sold 57,522 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,720 ($22.09), for a total value of £989,378.40 ($1,270,877.84). About Wpp Plc WPP plc (WPP) operates in four segments: Advertising and Media Investment Management; Consumer Insight; Public Relations & Public Affairs, and Branding & Identity, Healthcare and Specialist Communications. Advertising and Media Investment Management, where it operates advertising networks Ogilvy & Mather Advertising, JWT, Y&R, Grey, bates and the United Network. Receive News & Ratings for Wpp Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wpp Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Bay Area political events: refugees, Indivisible Stolen GPS devices lead police to suspects in Santa Clara Police say Fremont officer holstered Taser before shooting man ‘It’s not stopping!’ Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Unlike others, Putin doesn't criticize Trump over decision Kabul protest that left several dead enters second day Meet America's latest fitness star: Ruth Bader Ginsburg Source: Chicago, federal government draft police reform deal Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors A’s routed by Nationals, 1,800th win for Dusty Baker Warriors leaning on Brown’s expertise to defend James Nats’ Joe Ross to face A’s at Coliseum, his childhood home El Cerrito hurdler impressive in state finals qualifying Business Technology The Tech Chronicles Jobs Public Notices Sponsored Content VisionSF Move hat making into a US factory? Easier said than done Job growth stumbles in May Blue Apron meal kit delivery service files for IPO Lyft’s first diversity report shows it’s mostly white and A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Events Books TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Global theater sans the plane ticket at SFIAF The latest from Dear Abby Reno-Tahoe Nightlife ‘Wonder Woman’ gives different perspective to an action movie Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Food critic Michael Bauer Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Where to find free doughnuts in the Bay Area Here's a photo of Lebron James ordering a bunch of food at The Last call at original Doc's Clock location is Saturday Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Summer Camp Guide Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files Houzz Parenting Outdoors Health Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Town debates whether teens who mow lawns should pay $110 for Yosemite's newest thrill: Running through a 'dangerous' waterfall Watch a 6-year-old spell 'nyctinasty' at the National Spelling You know you're a real Oakland local if... Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips SFO getting more flights to New Orleans Cold rush: Larger fleet sails for Alaskan waters Italy’s ‘greatest lake’ not just for A-list celebrities Suite Spot: Conrad Bora Bora Nui, French Polynesia Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Home in the heart of the city Small cottage on huge lot for $1.195 million in Corona Heights Sweet Orinda home goes pending in 8 days Berkeley’s Oaks Theatre hits the market at $4.25 million Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Short-lived marque lets broker fulfill college dream 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Live life after graduation debt free Be aware of the five most common interview areas Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Their-jobs-are-steady-but-hours-and-income-11192435.php Their jobs are steady, but hours and income aren’t By Patricia Cohen Published 3:34 pm, Friday, June 2, 2017 Mirella Casares has what used to be considered the keystone of economic security: a job. But even a reliable paycheck no longer delivers a reliable income. Like Casares, who works at a Victoria’s Secret store in Ocala, Fla., more and more employees across a growing range of industries find the number of hours they work is swinging giddily from week to week — bringing chaos not only to family scheduling, but also to household finances. And a new wave of research shows that the main culprit is not the gig economy, but shifting pay within the same job. This volatility helps unravel a persistent puzzle: why a below-average jobless rate — 4.4 percent in April — is still producing an above-average level of economic anxiety. Turbulence has replaced the traditional American narrative of steady financial progress over a lifetime. “Since the 1970s, steady work that pays a predictable and living wage has become increasingly difficult to find,” said Jonathan Morduch, a director of the U.S. Financial Diaries project, an in-depth study of 235 low- and moderate-income households. “This shift has left many more families vulnerable to income volatility.” Latest business videos Ever-changing schedules at Victoria’s Secret, for example, make it difficult for Casares, 27, to find care for her 2-year-old and 6-year-old, and to cover the bills. “The lowest hours I’ve gotten is 15 and the highest I’ve gotten is 39,” said Casares, who started in October, earning $10 an hour. The schedule is usually posted a month in advance, she said, but there are frequently last-minute changes. Stability is worth a lot to workers. On average, employees are willing to give up a fifth of their weekly wage to avoid a schedule set by an employer on a week’s notice, according to a field experiment where workers were offered a range of alternative hours at different pay levels. “That is totally the story,” said Morduch, who watched household incomes in his study rise and fall. “And that instability and insecurity are increasingly a part of middle-class life, too.” In the course of a year, for example, the monthly income of a California family with one child that Morduch’s team tracked jumped to $5,279 from as low as $1,175. The husband supplemented his steady $400-a-week salaried construction job with extra remodeling work that could add from $323 to $1,588 a month to his total. His wife brought in up to $1,824 a month from babysitting and from selling jewelry, clothing and flowers. Monthly expenses can pendulum as much as income, but the two do not necessarily move in tandem. An analysis of 250,000 bank accounts by the JPMorgan Chase Institute, a nonprofit research arm of the bank, found that roughly 80 percent of households had an insufficient cash buffer to manage the mismatch between income and expenses in a given month. Few people can comfortably ride out the inevitable financial bronco ride. “Only households that earn $105,000 or more a year are secure against the volatility they are exposed to,” said Diana Farrell, the institute’s president and CEO. “It’s not just about the unemployed or the poor.” Middle-income households, for example, saw their monthly expenses deviate by nearly $1,300, the equivalent of a month’s rent or mortgage payment. And one uh-oh expense — usually in the form of a medical, tax or car repair bill — can wreck a family’s balance sheet for a year or more. Even a single month’s volatility can have a cascading effect. One month, a family copes by using the money earmarked for, say, the utility bill to cover the cost of replacing a busted water heater. The next month, it is the telephone company that goes unpaid as the family struggles to make up the missed utility bill plus late fees and interest — and so on. Emergencies are not the only source of expense spikes. So are bridal showers, Christmas gifts and outgrown winter coats. May turned out to be an expensive month for Tomika Waggoner, 44, a nursing home aide in Newport, Ky. Her daughter was graduating from high school, and she needed a few hundred dollars to pay for her cap and gown, commencement fees, a prom ticket and a dress. Waggoner’s work schedule depends on her ability to find care for her 15-year-old son, who has epilepsy. So sometimes she works a weekend at $17 an hour and sometimes three $15-an-hour weekdays. For the Waggoner family, and many others with low and moderate incomes, a tax refund offered a once-a-year lifeline. That $700 check and a contribution from her mother covered most of the graduation costs and helped pay off the debt on some furniture. (Doctor’s visits and medical payments are frequently scheduled to coincide with tax refunds, according to the JPMorgan Chase Institute.) “I also went to a couple of food pantries,” Waggoner added. “We ate a lot of bologna.” Rather than causing jolts in income, the gig economy is, for many people, what smooths them out. Only about 0.5 percent of the labor force is working in the gig economy. And while bonuses, extra commissions and overtime bump up a worker’s average income, unwelcome reductions in hours, particularly at the lower end of the income ladder, more often shrink an expected paycheck. “Stable, predictable work schedules are essential to economic security,” said Susan Lambert, a professor at the University of Chicago who is studying new data supplied by the General Social Survey, a respected national survey that began asking in-depth questions about work schedules only last year. The latest data shows that 41 percent of all hourly workers say they are not given more than a week’s notice of their schedule; nearly half have little or no say on their work hours. “It’s not just service, or female-dominated jobs, but some of the most challenging schedules are production and construction jobs,” Lambert said. The ubiquity of the phenomenon has frequently been masked by annual measures of income and spending or one-time snapshots of savings and debt that fail to capture fluctuations week to week or month to month. Casares said that when she had to turn down an inconvenient shift at Victoria’s Secret, like staying until midnight to close, her schedule the following week would suffer. “I would be facing fewer hours,” she said. To supplement the light weeks, Casares started picking up a shift as a part-time server at Olive Garden ($5.39 an hour plus tips). The number of Americans living comfortably or doing all right financially has grown since the recession. Still, the new Fed report found that 30 percent — roughly 73 million adults — say they are finding it difficult to get by financially, or are just getting by. To Morduch and his co-author, Rachel Schneider, the rise in income volatility is an indication of how businesses in an era of advancing technology and global competition have shifted risk onto employees. Consider the cost of saving for retirement and medical care. When health insurance premiums for employers soared between 2003 and 2013 (before the Affordable Care Act went into effect), workers picked up 93 percent of the extra cost. Asked whether her job at Victoria’s Secret provided benefits, Casares said it did: “We’re given three bras and a bottle of Bombshell, their No. 1 selling perfume.” Health or retirement contributions are not part of the package. Patricia Cohen is a New York Times writer. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF Stolen GPS devices lead police to burglary suspects Police: Fremont cop holstered Taser before shooting man Vandals leave South SF neighborhood without water Warriors’ co-owner among new UC regents Report: Walmart punishes workers for taking sick days Autopsy: Drugs didn't cause Chris Cornell's death 14 NorCal poisoned by 'death cap' mushrooms Australian tourist killed in fight near Russian Hill hotel in SF Shooting in Oakland leaves 2 men dead and police hunting killer Gun-wielding bandit sought in potato chip robbery at SF store Jack O'Neill, Santa Cruz surf wetsuit pioneer, dies How Jack O’Neill shaped surfing culture 2 courtside seats at Oracle cost the same as this house Report: 'Bachelorette' star dated Kevin Durant Ostler: Dubs’ summer trip to Hamptons for KD was worth it Cavs’ defensive ace glad the refs let ‘em play TODAY'S TOP PICKS Ivanka tweets support for LGBTQ friends, gets slammed Our favorite places for doughnuts in the Bay Area Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over Most Popular 1 Australian tourist killed in Polk Gulch fight 2 ‘It’s not stopping!’ Muni bus crashes into firetruck in SF 3 Griffin not 'laying down' for Trump, fears career is over 4 14 Northern Californians poisoned by 'death cap' mushrooms, 3... 5 Jack O’Neill, surfing innovator, dies in Santa Cruz 6 Ivanka tweets support for LGBTQ friends, gets slammed 7 Autopsy: Drugs taken by Chris Cornell didn't cause death 8 'I just don't call out sick anymore at all': New report says... 9 South SF neighborhood without water after vandals strike 10 Magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes near Alaska's Aleutian Islands View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas The bonds, which also have a liquidity discount, have a maturity of 25 years or longer in most cases and some are perpetual bonds. (NicoElNino/Getty Images/iStockphoto) The bonds, which also have a liquidity discount, have a maturity of 25 years or longer in most cases and some are perpetual bonds. (NicoElNino/Getty Images/iStockphoto) Bank bonds that are so 1980s prove windfall for Canadian firm Add to ... ALLISON MCNEELY TORONTO — Bloomberg News Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:02PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:02PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print In a world where corporate bonds look expensive and it’s tough to find yield, one firm has been digging around in an overlooked corner of the bank-bond market. Phil Mesman and his colleagues at Picton Mahoney Asset Management have been scooping up subordinated debt issued by the likes of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays PLC and Crédit Agricole SA in the 1980s and 90s that is trading at a discount to face value. The goal is to get repaid early at a premium to the current price. This strategy, which began almost two years ago with a spreadsheet plotting the rather tiny universe of the asset class, has handed the firm’s funds returns of more than 20 per cent, Mr. Mesman said. These legacy hybrid capital notes were originally issued to convert to equity in the event of a bank failure. They trade at a discount primarily because of the low coupon, which is based on a spread over the London interbank offered rate, and uncertainty around whether they will be repaid early, Mr. Mesman said. The bonds, which also have a liquidity discount, have a maturity of 25 years or longer in most cases and some are perpetual bonds, he said. The bond covenants and structures are good for investors, because they make it difficult for a bank to convert the bonds to equity in the event it needs to shore up capital levels. Regulators have said that banks need to take out the bonds before Jan. 1, 2022, Mr. Mesman said, putting a deadline on opportunities in the trade. “It’s an incredible risk-reward,” Mr. Mesman, senior partner and portfolio manager, said by phone from Toronto. He manages more than $700-million in fixed income of Picton’s $6.8-billion of assets. “Typically they would be rated BB or higher-quality high-yield instruments, but the bank issuers are all investment grade.” Stamp collecting Mr. Mesman estimates that his firm is one of only a few players in the $5-billion (U.S.) to $7-billion market, with most of the investors and dealers concentrated in Europe. The bonds represent about 30 per cent of both Picton Mahoney’s main fund, the Fortified Income Fund and the Income Opportunities Fund, as well as about 50 per cent of the firm’s special-situations fund, he said. It’s a strategy that can only be pursued by knowledgeable investors who have flexibility with their investment horizon and don’t have to follow an index, Roger Francis, a credit analyst at Mizuho International PLC in London, said by phone. He said he’s heard the strategy compared to stamp collecting. The main risks with these old bank bonds is liquidity – they’re difficult to trade in tough market conditions – and that a bank will opt not to call or tender for them early, Mr. Francis said. The strategy hinges on correctly identifying which bonds are candidates to be repaid early, or which banks might be willing to negotiate, Mr. Mesman said. Direct approach “If we find a bond where perhaps 50 per cent to 60 per cent of the issue has already been tendered over the years, then we’ll approach them directly and offer them our bonds at a certain price,” he said. Crédit Agricole recently tendered for €371.2-million of a perpetual bond at 78 euro cents on the euro, but investors only took them up on part of the offer, suggesting that they’re waiting for a higher payout, Mr. Mesman said. His firm sold 25 per cent of their €25-million position in the bond and are waiting for a higher price for the rest, he said. To be sure, there has been some headline uncertainty with some banks in Europe, Mr. Mesman said. Deutsche Bank AG, UniCredit SpA and other European banks have in the past been at risk of not paying the coupons on their bonds. While failure to pay interest would be tantamount to default for most debt securities, coupon payments on newer contingent convertible bonds, known as CoCos, are discretionary. Once missed, though, they are gone forever. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Inside the Market: What investors should know when it comes to changes to NAFTA (The Globe and Mail)   More Related to this Story EQUITIES Signs of unease in stock market getting harder to ignore Investor’s trades guided by market psychology and trends Commodity recovery evaporates amid slowing demand Topics Crédit Agricole S.A. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barclays plc Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Arts How 'Wonder Woman' breaks from superhero norms Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Video How the TTC hopes to reduce subway overcrowding with automatic train control News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News Trump's speech on U.S. withdrawing from Paris climate accord in 90 seconds Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Video Police interview ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer who admitted to killing eight patients News EPA Chief Pruitt says humans do contribute to global warming Report on Business Video: ‘No concessions planned’ on Trans Mountain: Kinder Morgan News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Families outline hopes for missing, murdered inquiry hearings News Clinton calls book writing 'a painful experience' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Garda World decries Canada’s hiring of rival firm to protect Kabul embassy Life Beloved matriarch of the Thomson family Most popular Bernier camp casts doubt on Conservative leadership vote U.S. governors, mayors defend Paris accord after Trump’s rejection Discord over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion rattles Canada’s political landscape Trudeau urges municipal leaders to see infrastructure bank as voluntary Federalism might be our best hope in fighting climate change X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Malvern Bancorp, Inc. (MLVF) Director Purchases $16,560.00 in Stock Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Receives $121.08 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Oclaro, Inc. (OCLR) Price Target at $11.76 Safe Bulkers, Inc. (SB) Receives $1.80 Average Target Price from Analysts TLP Group LLC Buys Shares of 7,400 Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) United Natural Foods (UNFI) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.09 Kevin Dunn Purchases 17 Shares of 3i Group plc (III) Stock Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Expected to Announce Earnings of $1.00 Per Share Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Veeva Systems (VEEV) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact United Therapeutics (UTHR) Stock Price Unitil (UTL) Given Daily News Impact Rating of 0.19 Sanofi SA (SNY) Receives $50.00 Average PT from Brokerages 3,165,118 Shares in Colony NorthStar Inc (CLNS) Acquired by Principal Financial Group Inc. Principal Financial Group Inc. Buys 47,545 Shares of Vectren Corp (VVC) ICICI Bank Ltd (IBN) Stake Lowered by Principal Financial Group Inc. Wellington Management Group LLP Cuts Position in Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Wellington Management Group LLP Has $289.17 Million Position in Alleghany Co. (Y) Principal Financial Group Inc. Has $37.51 Million Position in ANSYS, Inc. (ANSS) Wellington Management Group LLP Has $176.19 Million Position in Prothena Co. PLC (PRTA) OneMain Holdings Inc (OMF) Shares Sold by Wellington Management Group LLP Sanofi SA (SNY) Receives $50.00 Average PT from Brokerages June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) has earned a consensus recommendation of “Hold” from the sixteen research firms that are currently covering the stock, MarketBeat.com reports. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell recommendation, eight have issued a hold recommendation and five have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $52.50. A number of research firms have recently issued reports on SNY. Berenberg Bank cut Sanofi SA from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $55.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday. TheStreet upgraded Sanofi SA from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a report on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc cut Sanofi SA from a “hold” rating to a “reduce” rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Shares of Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) traded up 1.48% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $50.01. The stock had a trading volume of 971,070 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $47.91 and a 200-day moving average price of $43.37. The stock has a market cap of $126.30 billion, a P/E ratio of 12.45 and a beta of 0.98. Sanofi SA has a 12 month low of $36.81 and a 12 month high of $50.24. Sanofi SA (NYSE:SNY) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Friday, April 28th. The company reported $0.76 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.73 by $0.03. Sanofi SA had a return on equity of 26.37% and a net margin of 13.66%. The firm had revenue of $8.65 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.40 billion. Sanofi SA’s revenue was up 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Sanofi SA will post $3.15 EPS for the current year. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at $2,770,485,000. Senzar Asset Management LLC acquired a new stake in Sanofi SA during the fourth quarter valued at $49,911,000. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in Sanofi SA by 22.2% in the first quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 4,492,719 shares of the company’s stock valued at $203,296,000 after buying an additional 815,820 shares during the period. Global Financial Private Capital LLC acquired a new stake in Sanofi SA during the first quarter valued at $35,034,000. Finally, Karp Capital Management Corp acquired a new stake in Sanofi SA during the first quarter valued at $26,174,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 9.63% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/sanofi-sa-sny-receives-50-00-average-pt-from-brokerages.html. About Sanofi SA Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Editorial: Rejection of Paris accord takes U.S. in the wrong direction - The Buffalo News Opinion Sections Home Local News Sports Bills Sabres High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Colleges Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Bandits Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Submissions Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Editorial: Rejection of Paris accord takes U.S. in the wrong direction The Paris accord aimed to control carbon emissions, as from such coal-fired power plants as this one in Ghent, Ky. (New York Times) By News Editorial Board Published Fri, Jun 2, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL With an ill-considered stroke of the pen, President Trump has turned the country’s back on its own people, its business leaders, its scientists and most of the rest of the world. His rejection of the Paris climate accord also carries the real risk of allowing China to supplant the United States in world leadership. His decision could defeat the world’s best hope of preventing catastrophic climate change or at least buying time so that coastal areas, including New York City, have an opportunity to adapt. That’s bad for America and it’s bad for Buffalo, home to what will be the hemisphere’s largest solar panel manufacturing plant. There may be opportunities to mitigate the damage Trump is inviting, but the risks are undeniably higher today than they were on Wednesday. Few doubt at this point that the climate is warming; the argument is over the causes, and whether the warming can be stemmed. But, in the worst case, what is the downside to better gas mileage, cleaner air and a chance to avoid the calamities that could await? After all, there really is a fast-growing crack in the Antarctic ice shelf. Something really is happening to the planet that deserves the attention of the world, including the United States. Consider the breadth of American interests that favored remaining in the pact. Start with Trump’s own secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, who, as chief executive officer of Exxon, supported the Paris agreement. So does his successor, Darren Woods. So does Elon Musk, whose company owns SolarCity, which will produce solar panels in Buffalo. So do the leaders of ConocoPhillips and British Petroleum. So do General Electric, Dow Chemical, 3M, Disney, Coca-Cola, JPMorgan Chase and many other influential businesses whose leaders understand that America’s interests lie in an interconnected world in which science is not kicked to the curb as a political inconvenience. In a Rose Garden speech replete with misstatements, Trump stiff-armed American interests and joined Syria and Nicaragua, the only two countries that didn’t sign the accord – and Nicaragua only because it didn’t go far enough. The decision also puts the United States at odds with the other 194 nations that signed the agreement, including our closest allies. With that, Trump is tilting those countries away from the United States and eroding our influence in the world. The void is liable to benefit China, which is eager to expand its influence. Fortunately for Americans, this matter is not solely up to Trump or even Congress. The governors of New York, California and Washington state have formed the U.S. Climate Alliance and announced that their large and influential states will continue to abide by the agreement. Other governors are also expressing interest. New York and California, alone, comprise nearly 20 percent of the country’s population. This alliance means research and investment in clean energy will continue to exert a useful influence on commerce and the environment. Voters may also have a chance to weigh in. The process of backing out of the agreement could take as much as four years, making Trump’s decision an issue in the 2020 presidential election, and perhaps a key one. It’s hard to escape the sense that Trump’s decision was based in some significant part on his thirst to project the image of the “winner” that he promised during last year’s campaign. He has been largely stymied on anything requiring legislation – repealing the Affordable Care Act, enacting tax reform – and even thwarted thus far on his executive effort to ban Muslims from traveling here. Trump has left the door open a crack, saying he will try to negotiate “a deal that’s fair.” It’s a puzzling comment, since the existing agreement is voluntary and already allows each country to set its own commitments. Still, Americans, 70 percent of whom supported staying in the agreement, should let the president, governors and their legislative representatives know that they are interested in the condition of the country and the planet they leave to their children and grandchildren. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
News Real estate Hotels Insight Classifieds Jobs Newsletter Signup Register / Login × Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Home National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events Recent Comments Popular JapanToday Higashi-Azabu IS bldg, 4F 1-8-1 Higashi-Azabu Minato-ku Tokyo 106-0044 Japan Tel: +81 3 5561 7755 Fax: +81 3 5561 7756 Email: editor@japantoday.com ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. business U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3% Today 05:28 am JST 0 Comments WASHINGTON U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose four cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing 185,000 last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. The Fed raised interest rates in March. A Reuters survey of banks that do business directly with the Fed, conducted after the employment report, showed all 18 primary dealers polled expected the U.S. central bank to raise rates this month. Ten forecast further monetary policy tightening in September and only six saw a rate hike in December. The dollar hit a seven-month low against a basket of currencies on the diminishing rate hike prospects in the second half of the year. Long-dated U.S. Treasury yields fell to nearly seven-month lows, and short-dated yields touched their lowest in more than two weeks. U.S. stocks closed at new highs. The modest payrolls gain could temper expectations of a sharp acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter after gross domestic product increased at a tepid 1.2 percent annualized rate at the start of the year. While consumer spending picked up in April, a second report on Friday showed the trade deficit widening 5.2 percent to $47.6 billion. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP increasing at a 3.4 percent pace in the second quarter. There was some good news in the employment report. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 8.4 percent, the lowest since November 2007. As a result, the spread between the jobless rate and this broad unemployment gauge, considered a better measure of labor market slack, was the smallest since early 2008. But the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 62.7 percent. The volatile 16-24 age group accounted for much of the drop in the participation rate last month, suggesting a rebound is likely. Manufacturing employment fell by 1,000 jobs last month as payrolls in the automobile sector dropped 1,500 amid declining sales. Ford Motor Co said last month it planned to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America and Asia through voluntary early retirement and other financial incentives. Construction payrolls rose 11,000 last month after decreasing by 1,000 jobs in April. Retail employment fell 6,100, declining for a fourth straight month, with department stores shedding 3,700 jobs. Department store chains like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch are struggling against stiff competition from online retailers led by Amazon. Nonstore retailers, including online merchants, hired 2,900 workers last month. Government employment decreased 9,000 last month, with state and local governments accounting for all the decrease. © (c) Copyright Thomson Reuters 2017. Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan Temple University, Japan Campus View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up No Comment Login to comment Login to leave a comment Facebook users Use your Facebook account to login or register with JapanToday. By doing so, you will also receive an email inviting you to receive our news alerts. Facebook Connect Login with your JapanToday account Remember Me Forgot password? User registration Earn an American degree in Japan. Undergraduate / EMBA / Law / TESOL The oldest and largest foreign university in Japan. Temple University, Japan Campus View More BMW INTERNATIONAL GOLF CHALLENGE June 9th, Taiheiyo Golf Club, Minori Course, Ibaraki. www.bmwgolfjapan.com Sign Up Business Today 05:43 am JST 2 Comments Japanese business leaders question U.S. withdrawal from Paris accord Today 05:41 am JST 0 Comments U.S. trade deficit widens in April June 2 03:30 pm JST 4 Comments Nikkei closes above 20,000 level; highest since Dec 2015 View all Popular Trump announces U.S. withdrawal from Paris climate pact; allies voice dismay 147 Comments Whistleblower Snowden warns of looming mass surveillance in Japan 78 Comments Health ministry abandons complete smoking ban in restaurants 61 Comments APA hotels won't remove books that deny Nanjing Massacre during Olympics 48 Comments Philippines' Duterte slams Chelsea Clinton over rape remarks criticism 70 Comments View all Articles, Offers & Useful Resources A mix of what's trending on our other sites Business Services Italian-Japanese Fusion in the Heart of Tokyo Insight Japan Today Earthquake: What To Do When Even a Small One Hits GaijinPot Blog Monthly Horoscope Stars Over Tokyo June 2017 Savvy Tokyo Out & About Tokyo Neighborhood Strolls: Futuristic Odaiba Savvy Tokyo What's Happening This Weekend: Tokyo Area Events for June 3-4 Savvy Tokyo Health & Beauty 5 Rules For Eating Healthy In Japan Savvy Tokyo Food and Drink Shiroi Koibito Park GaijinPot Travel 6 Things to Do in Osaka This Summer GaijinPot Blog Travel / Hotels Fashionable and Colorful Randoseru is Not Only for Schoolkids Insight Japan Today Health & Fitness Escape to Paradise on the Odakyu Train Line Insight Japan Today National Crime Entertainment Politics Business Tech Sports World Features Lifestyle Kuchikomi New Products Health Food Travel Executive Impact Opinions Events ©2017 GPlusMedia Inc. Privacy Terms of Service Moderation Policy 広告掲載/Advertise with us 総合案内/About us 編集部/Contact us
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Spotty demand for American stocks has coincided with hiccups in economic data. (Getty Images/iStockphoto) Spotty demand for American stocks has coincided with hiccups in economic data. (Getty Images/iStockphoto) EQUITIES Signs of unease in stock market getting harder to ignore Add to ... Lu Wang — Bloomberg News Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 5:32PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 7:06PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The bulls are back in charge after a second weekly advance pushed the S&P 500 Index to a fresh record. But look a little more closely and the signs of unease in the stock market are hard to ignore. It’s visible in fund flows, where investors are rotating from U.S. stocks to the rest of the world at the fastest pace in two years. And short sellers are getting aggressive, raising bearish bets in three of the past four months. U.S. stocks climbed this week, led by by phone companies and materials producers. The S&P 500 increased 1 per cent to 2,438.91 and Dow Jones Industrial Average added 0.6 per cent to 21,204.58. While the gains built on the previous week’s breakout, neither index is more than 2 per cent above the all-time highs reached on March 1. In other words, benchmark indexes are at records, but they also haven’t advanced much since March, one of the longer periods of stasis since Donald Trump’s election. For all their resilience, equity investors remain anxious about an economy that has recently given uneven evidence of its vigour just as the Federal Reserve prepares to raise interest rates. After Friday’s employment report, three-month U.S. jobs growth is now the lowest since 2012. Housing demand weakened more than expected in April, and while manufacturing gauges remain firm, a series of reports on inflation continue to show corporate pricing power is muted. “It is a warning that, as with asset prices, the key question is not the level you are at, but the prospects for growth from here,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds in New York. “Investors should consider whether overseas economies with greater growth potential may provide better equity market returns.” Meanwhile, investors in exchange-traded funds turned net sellers of U.S. stocks in May for the first time in a year, with withdrawals approaching $2-billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show. They added $22-billion to equity funds that invest in markets from Europe to Asia. The divergence in flows, the widest since April 2015, marked a turnaround from last year, when almost $10 went for American equities for every one that went elsewhere. Even as stocks vaulted to new highs, bears aren’t deterred. Short interest as a proportion of total shares outstanding has expanded since January, rising by 0.3 percentage point to 3.9 per cent. Never before has an equity advance as big as this year’s occurred simultaneously with more short sales, according to exchange data compiled by Bloomberg that goes back to 2008. Spotty demand for American stocks coincided with hiccups in economic data. Rather than picking up pace as expected by many at the start of the year, Citigroup’s Economic Surprise Index for the U.S., which measures the difference between actual releases and economist expectations, peaked in March and has since fallen to the lowest level since February 2016. By contrast, similar gauges for the rest of the world have fared better as Brazil and Russia emerged from recessions while the populist political tide receded in Europe. Since the global financial crisis, the U.S. had dominated equity gains worldwide, with rallies underpinned by easier monetary policy and a steady recovery. Now that growth is poised to accelerate from Europe to Japan, American assets are losing some of their appeal. In Bank of America Corp.’s latest survey of money managers, 82 per cent called the U.S. the most expensive market. While the S&P 500 is up 8.9 per cent this year, it’s poised to trail the MSCI World ex-U.S. Index for the first time since 2009. The dollar is heading for the worst annual decline in a decade after losing about 6 per cent of its value against a basket of currencies. Even within the U.S. market itself, the preference for overseas exposure is evident. A Goldman Sachs Group Inc. basket tracking shares with the highest leverage to international growth has risen 17 per cent this year, compared with 6 per cent for a similar gauge for domestic-focused companies. “The dollar weakness and non-U.S. economic strength is being replayed all over the world,” said Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust in New York. “Rarely have times been better for U.S. firms with global exposure. The auspicious omens are plain to see.” Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Gen Y Money: What you need to know about owning and buying a condo (The Globe and Mail)   SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Updated June 2 4:44 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Investor’s trades guided by market psychology and trends FIXED INCOME U.S. bond yields to stay low, Fed hikes or no Fed hikes Market turmoil Critical question for S&P 500 is how much Trump bump is baked in Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Arts How 'Wonder Woman' breaks from superhero norms Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Video How the TTC hopes to reduce subway overcrowding with automatic train control News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News Trump's speech on U.S. withdrawing from Paris climate accord in 90 seconds Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Video Police interview ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer who admitted to killing eight patients News EPA Chief Pruitt says humans do contribute to global warming Report on Business Video: ‘No concessions planned’ on Trans Mountain: Kinder Morgan News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Families outline hopes for missing, murdered inquiry hearings News Clinton calls book writing 'a painful experience' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Garda World decries Canada’s hiring of rival firm to protect Kabul embassy Life Beloved matriarch of the Thomson family Most popular Bernier camp casts doubt on Conservative leadership vote U.S. governors, mayors defend Paris accord after Trump’s rejection Discord over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion rattles Canada’s political landscape Trudeau urges municipal leaders to see infrastructure bank as voluntary Federalism might be our best hope in fighting climate change X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil drops on fears of more U.S. drilling after climate deal withdrawal Business Standard Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  June 3, 2017 Last Updated at 00:01 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPo0I ALSO READ U.S. CEOs meet with Trump amid tension over his policies U.S. CEOs meet with Trump amid tension over travel ban, taxes Trump meets retail CEOs who oppose Republican border tax plan Trump meets with retail CEOs to talk taxes, imports White House budget director: unclear if House healthcare bill can pass - ABC By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Climatechange | Ceos | White House | Ibm | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He is a member of the business advisory group, known as the President's Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belongs to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. However, a spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon would remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration - as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc, Goldman Sachs and General Electric Co. GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs ETF Focus Get email alerts ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom By Ryan Vlastelica Published: June 2, 2017 4:41 p.m. ET Share Looking at the biggest pitfalls and hurdles over the next 20 years Courtesy Everett Collection By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter After going from $0 to $4 trillion in about 25 years, what’s next for the ETF industry? MarketWatch recently spoke with Lee Kranefuss, one of the founders of industry giant iShares, about the state of the industry and where it may go from here. Read the first part of MarketWatch’s interview with Lee Kranefuss MarketWatch: ETFs have been around for more than 20 years. What do you see when you look out to the next 20? Lee Kranefuss: Well 20 years is a long time. I think one thing you might see is that fund launches will slow over time. More people will realize they can’t write a hit song. The flip side of that is that a lot of money managers and institutions who missed out of the wave will come out with their own products. We’re starting to see that with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.51%  and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -0.79% which have recently launched their own ETFs. MarketWatch: Has the space gotten over-proliferated? Kranefuss: There are too many funds. Advisers come to us saying, “I don’t know about these, I don’t understand them, there are just too many.” The over-proliferation is supply driven, not demand driven, but I’m not inclined to say that there should be artificial constraints of some sort; I just wish people would be more rational about it. MarketWatch: Is it possible we’ll see fewer funds as we look out into the future? Kranefuss: I think we will. What determines whether a fund provider will be able to keep operating, or whether its funds will become zombie ETFs, is the diversity and breadth of the family it offers. If a smaller provider doesn’t have a healthy family of funds, you’ll see them close up or get absorbed into bigger names. MarketWatch: Given the growth in the industry, has your answer to whether ETFs are putting the nail in the coffin of mutual funds changed? Kranefuss: I think that active management, by which I mean security selection, is a dying business. It won’t ever completely die, because there’s some value to it, but I don’t think that traditional mutual funds are a growth field. It’s just too hard to pull real returns out of security selection, and the performance numbers are very damning. Related: How unloved is active management? Even outperformance is being snubbed MarketWatch: Is it possible that ETFs will become the venue for indexing while active stays in mutual funds, and that’s the primary different between the two? Kranefuss: Certainly you’ll never see a big firm come out with index mutual funds ever again—that doesn’t make sense. They’ll go straight to ETFs, where there are advantages of scale and of being the first mover. Active management will stay in mutual funds. There will be a middle ground in retirement assets, some of which is being done in the form of life-cycle funds. See also: Retirement accounts a ‘Holy Grail’ that remain out of reach for ETFs MarketWatch: What do you make of the smart-beta category, where the components are selected by rules designed to deliver specific strategies? “We don’t need the hot new thing; we don’t need smaller players chasing hot spots of the market.” Lee Kranefuss, iShares pioneer Kranefuss:There are some interesting ideas in the category, but only a handful of documented factors—momentum, low-volatility, and so forth. You can easily implement those at the portfolio level. Value, for example, is largely a matter of sector orientation. There’s no need to spend more on a value fund. Most of these funds seem developed to stand out in marketing. There are always times when you can say something outperforms when back tested over a specific period. MarketWatch: What are your concerns for the industry going forward? Kranefuss: One issue that comes up is how there are both too many funds and too few. There’s a lot of concentration in the industry, but we’re missing some building blocks. We don’t need the hot new thing; we don’t need smaller players chasing hot spots of the market. One example I give is with emerging markets. A lot of major EM companies have a high correlation to developed markets because they’re international. So why would you pay high fees to get exposure to a part of the market that has a high correlation to something you can get cheaply here? I can imagine a way of investing in emerging markets where you get the correlated part of the market through cheap domestic proxies, and then the rest is unbundled and purchased separately. That seems like a useful thing to have. See also: The biggest emerging-market ETF doesn’t hold some of the biggest EM stocks More from MarketWatch More Coverage This is the most recommended U.S. stock When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Related Topics Exchange Traded Funds Markets Investing Quote References JPM -0.42 -0.51% GS -1.70 -0.79% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. MarketWatch Partner Center Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) Volume 14.9M Open $82.29 High $82.99 Low $81.98 P/E Ratio 12.73 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 295.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $213.31 -1.70 (-0.79%) Volume 3.6M Open $212.94 High $215.21 Low $211.91 P/E Ratio 11.33 Div Yield 1.41 Market Cap 84.6B
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Investing ETFs ETF Focus Get email alerts ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom By Ryan Vlastelica Published: June 2, 2017 4:41 p.m. ET Share Looking at the biggest pitfalls and hurdles over the next 20 years Courtesy Everett Collection By RyanVlastelica Markets reporter After going from $0 to $4 trillion in about 25 years, what’s next for the ETF industry? MarketWatch recently spoke with Lee Kranefuss, one of the founders of industry giant iShares, about the state of the industry and where it may go from here. Read the first part of MarketWatch’s interview with Lee Kranefuss MarketWatch: ETFs have been around for more than 20 years. What do you see when you look out to the next 20? Lee Kranefuss: Well 20 years is a long time. I think one thing you might see is that fund launches will slow over time. More people will realize they can’t write a hit song. The flip side of that is that a lot of money managers and institutions who missed out of the wave will come out with their own products. We’re starting to see that with J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. JPM, -0.51%  and Goldman Sachs Group Inc. GS, -0.79% which have recently launched their own ETFs. MarketWatch: Has the space gotten over-proliferated? Kranefuss: There are too many funds. Advisers come to us saying, “I don’t know about these, I don’t understand them, there are just too many.” The over-proliferation is supply driven, not demand driven, but I’m not inclined to say that there should be artificial constraints of some sort; I just wish people would be more rational about it. MarketWatch: Is it possible we’ll see fewer funds as we look out into the future? Kranefuss: I think we will. What determines whether a fund provider will be able to keep operating, or whether its funds will become zombie ETFs, is the diversity and breadth of the family it offers. If a smaller provider doesn’t have a healthy family of funds, you’ll see them close up or get absorbed into bigger names. MarketWatch: Given the growth in the industry, has your answer to whether ETFs are putting the nail in the coffin of mutual funds changed? Kranefuss: I think that active management, by which I mean security selection, is a dying business. It won’t ever completely die, because there’s some value to it, but I don’t think that traditional mutual funds are a growth field. It’s just too hard to pull real returns out of security selection, and the performance numbers are very damning. Related: How unloved is active management? Even outperformance is being snubbed MarketWatch: Is it possible that ETFs will become the venue for indexing while active stays in mutual funds, and that’s the primary different between the two? Kranefuss: Certainly you’ll never see a big firm come out with index mutual funds ever again—that doesn’t make sense. They’ll go straight to ETFs, where there are advantages of scale and of being the first mover. Active management will stay in mutual funds. There will be a middle ground in retirement assets, some of which is being done in the form of life-cycle funds. See also: Retirement accounts a ‘Holy Grail’ that remain out of reach for ETFs MarketWatch: What do you make of the smart-beta category, where the components are selected by rules designed to deliver specific strategies? “We don’t need the hot new thing; we don’t need smaller players chasing hot spots of the market.” Lee Kranefuss, iShares pioneer Kranefuss:There are some interesting ideas in the category, but only a handful of documented factors—momentum, low-volatility, and so forth. You can easily implement those at the portfolio level. Value, for example, is largely a matter of sector orientation. There’s no need to spend more on a value fund. Most of these funds seem developed to stand out in marketing. There are always times when you can say something outperforms when back tested over a specific period. MarketWatch: What are your concerns for the industry going forward? Kranefuss: One issue that comes up is how there are both too many funds and too few. There’s a lot of concentration in the industry, but we’re missing some building blocks. We don’t need the hot new thing; we don’t need smaller players chasing hot spots of the market. One example I give is with emerging markets. A lot of major EM companies have a high correlation to developed markets because they’re international. So why would you pay high fees to get exposure to a part of the market that has a high correlation to something you can get cheaply here? I can imagine a way of investing in emerging markets where you get the correlated part of the market through cheap domestic proxies, and then the rest is unbundled and purchased separately. That seems like a useful thing to have. See also: The biggest emerging-market ETF doesn’t hold some of the biggest EM stocks More from MarketWatch More Coverage Want to see how America is changing? Property taxes hold the answer Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market Related Topics Exchange Traded Funds Markets Investing Quote References JPM -0.42 -0.51% GS -1.70 -0.79% Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.2% 30 yr fixed 3.76% 15 yr fixed 3% 10 yr fixed 2.84% 30 yr fixed refi 3.74% 15 yr fixed refi 2.99% 5/1 ARM 3.15% 5/1 ARM refi 3.25% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.88% $50K HELOC 4.96% $75K HELOC 4.96% $100K HELOC 4.67% $30K Home Equity Loan 5.23% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.66% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.64% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.88% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.33% 2 yr CD 0.81% 1 yr CD 0.66% MMA $10K+ 0.3% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.34% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.44% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.57% 48 Mo Used Car 3.5% 36 Mo Used Car 3.61% 72 Mo New Car 3.04% 60 Mo New Car 3.23% 48 Mo New Car 3.08% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.97% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.65% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.73% 12.62% 12.00% Business 13.66% 13.66% 13.12% Student 14.04% 13.92% 13.42% Balance Transfer 15.13% 15.07% 14.41% Airline 15.77% 15.77% 15.13% Reward 15.85% 15.81% 15.24% Cash Back 15.99% 15.84% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.30% 18.30% 17.86% Bad Credit 23.23% 23.23% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. MarketWatch Partner Center Ryan Vlastelica Ryan Vlastelica is a markets reporter for MarketWatch and is based in New York. Follow him on Twitter @RyanVlastelica. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) Volume 14.9M Open $82.29 High $82.99 Low $81.98 P/E Ratio 12.73 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 295.1B Goldman Sachs Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: GS $213.31 -1.70 (-0.79%) Volume 3.6M Open $212.94 High $215.21 Low $211.91 P/E Ratio 11.33 Div Yield 1.41 Market Cap 84.6B
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Valero Energy Corporation Will Attend The JPMorgan Energy Equity Conference Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} June 02, 2017 4:21pm   Comments Share: SAN ANTONIO, June 02, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Valero Energy Corporation (NYSE:VLO) today announced that Joe Gorder, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Valero Energy Corporation will present at the JPMorgan Energy Equity Conference on Tuesday, June 27, 2017 at 8:40 a.m. Eastern Time.  A live audio webcast of these remarks, along with the associated slides, will be accessible via Valero's website at www.valero.com.  A replay of the presentation will be available on Valero's website.  About Valero Valero Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries, is an international manufacturer and marketer of transportation fuels and other petrochemical products. Valero, a Fortune 50 company based in San Antonio, Texas, with approximately 10,000 employees, is an independent petroleum refiner and ethanol producer, and its assets include 15 petroleum refineries with a combined throughput capacity of approximately 3.1 million barrels per day and 11 ethanol plants with a combined production capacity of 1.4 billion gallons per year.  The petroleum refineries are located in the United States (U.S.), Canada and the United Kingdom (U.K.), and the ethanol plants are located in the Mid-Continent region of the U.S.  In addition, Valero owns the 2 percent general partner interest and a majority limited partner interest in Valero Energy Partners LP, a midstream master limited partnership.  Valero sells its products in both the wholesale rack and bulk markets, and approximately 7,400 outlets carry Valero's brand names in the U.S., Canada, the U.K. and Ireland.  Please visit www.valero.com for more information. Valero Contacts Investors: John Locke, Vice President – Investor Relations, 210-345-3077 Karen Ngo, Senior Manager – Investor Relations, 210-345-4574 Tom Mahrer, Manager – Investor Relations, 210-345-1953 Media: Lillian Riojas, Director – Media Relations and Communications, 210-345-5002 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 SBGL, CAG: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 2 SIRI, ESV: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 3 DG, CIEN: 10 Stocks To Watch For June 1, 2017 4 GOOGL, NVDA: Citron's Andrew Left Makes A Bold Clai... 5 RH, FIVE: 7 Stocks To Watch For June 2, 2017 6 WYNN, SAVE: Jim Cramer Gives His Opin... 7 ARRS, GOOG: The 19 Stocks O... 1 XLK: MIT Researchers Make Strides In Robotic Limbs 2 CWH: Credit Suisse Reiterates Outperform On Camping World After Gander Mountain... 3 LULU: Lululemon And The Question Of How Much Faith Can Be Put Into Guidance 4 RH: What Will It Take To Restore Restoration Hardware? 5 RH, VICR: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Dow Rises 70 Points; RH Shares... 6 BWLD: What Sally Smith Means To The Buffalo Wild Wings/Marcato... 7 PBJ: 4 Big Charts From The Blue Apron S1 View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect Nina, meet Alexa: Nuance brings its enterprise assistant to Amazon’s voice-integrated devices Mysterious Seattle digital marketing startup New Engen, led by former Zulily employees, raises $8M Startup Spotlight: Spotted Places maps out travel recommendations from friends GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle Sign of the times: ‘Twin Peaks’ is back, and so is iconic marker outside Washington town Geek of the Week: Shyam Gollakota of Jeeva Wireless and UW is a pioneer in preserving power Want to fill that Seattle job opening? Textio lists 2017’s best and worst words for your listing One-time high-flyer DataSphere sells assets to Sinclair Broadcasting and CoStar Nintendo Switch online service coming in 2018, with $20 annual membership cost Geared Up: Testing T-Mobile’s DIGITS and debating Comcast’s gigabit service French-Russian crew leaves space station while NASA crewmate stays behind Seahawks legend and former Congressman Steve Largent on tech, sports, politics and Trump Sphere of influence: 46-story tower near Amazon campus will have domed top reminiscent of tech giant’s new landmark When standards aren’t standard: Inside a growing movement to shape the booming cloud industry Media Partners raises $1.1M to produce ‘Hollywood-grade’ training videos LAUGH app helps kids find their zen — using scientific research to test effectiveness ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Tech Moves: Zillow CFO joins Apptio board, Starbucks SVP joins Salesforce as communications chief, and more As Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal, Elon Musk quits advisory councils and more tech giants react When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Northern lights, cameras, action: Night sky watchers capture dramatic aurora over Seattle Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Google reveals top misspelled words in America — some states should be e-m-b-a-r-r-a-s-s-e-d Donald Trump’s midnight tweet turns #covfefe into viral meme Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Microsoft HoloLens takes augmented reality to next level for warfighters 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on Terror at 30,000 feet: I can’t get the WiFi to work ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Redfin takes #1 spot in GeekWire 200, topping DocuSign for first time We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Big demand, little supply: Seattle’s hot housing market gets hotter with highest price gains in U.S. Hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry Comcast rolls out gigabit internet in Seattle and other cities, at $160/month, or $110/month with 1-year contract LinkedIn maps out where new Seattleites are coming from, and it’s exactly what you’d expect CoreOS CEO: Amazon Web Services customers heading down a “very proprietary” path Legendary computer scientist James Gosling joining Amazon Web Services Trending: ‘Long Strange Trip’ indeed — Amazon’s 4-hour Grateful Dead film hits Prime Video on Friday Microsoft, Apple, Google, and other tech companies urge Trump not to pull out of Paris Agreement by Monica Nickelsburg on June 1, 2017 at 9:07 amJune 1, 2017 at 9:07 am Comments   Share  67 Tweet Share  15 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! Heads of delegations at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. (Wikimedia Photo / Presidencia de la República Mexicana). Dozens of the country’s biggest corporations are mounting a last-ditch attempt to dissuade President Donald Trump from abandoning the Paris Agreement, a pledge to reduce carbon emissions and stem the tide of global warming. In full-page ads running in today’s New York Times, Wall Street Journal, and New York Post, 25 companies have signed an open letter detailing the economic benefits of adhering to the agreement. Those companies include Microsoft, Apple, Google, Adobe, Facebook, Intel, and Salesforce. In a related TV ad, “America’s biggest CEOs,” including the leaders of JPMorgan Chase, GE,  Johnson & Johnson, and Disney, make a similar case. Both ads claim the Paris Agreement will lead to job creation and will boost the U.S. economy. Tesla and SpaceX chief Elon Musk is one of the CEOs named in the TV ad. An outspoken supporter of the Paris Agreement, Musk has pledged to abandon his post as an advisor to Trump if the president pulls out of the climate deal. Don't know which way Paris will go, but I've done all I can to advise directly to POTUS, through others in WH & via councils, that we remain — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) May 31, 2017 Under President Barack Obama, the U.S. committed to reducing carbon emissions by 26 to 28 percent by 2025. If Trump exits the Paris Agreement, the U.S. will join Syria and Nicaragua as the only non-participants. The entreaties from the business community appeal to Trump’s sense of nationalism, stressing the economic and financial benefits of remaining in the agreement while underplaying the environmental factors. “By expanding markets for innovative clean technologies, the agreement generates jobs and economic growth,” the newspaper ad says. “U.S. companies are well-positioned to lead in these markets. Withdrawing from the agreement will limit our access to them and could expose us to retaliatory measures.” Two of the world’s biggest oil producers, Exxon Mobile and ConocoPhillips, also oppose pulling out of the agreement, arguing it’s better to have a seat at the table to influence global climate policy, according to Bloomberg News. The Guardian reports EPA chief Scott Pruitt and Trump advisor Steve Bannon support an exit. Most reports say Trump is leaning toward leaving the Paris Agreement. He is expected to deliver his decision this afternoon. More Special Coverage: Trump & Tech Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg Comments Share  67 Tweet Share  15 Reddit Email Previous StoryWireless tech company Rigado raises $3M to expand overseas and grow IoT product line Next StoryJeff Bezos gave Jill Soloway, creator of the Amazon hit ‘Transparent,’ an artistic and political pep talk Filed Under: Civic Affairs  Tagged With: Apple • Climate change • Facebook • global warming • Google • Microsoft • paris agreement • Tech • trump GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories As Trump pulls out of Paris climate deal, Elon Musk quits advisory councils and more tech giants react Microsoft urges Congress to modernize data laws to preserve trust in U.S. companies Stephen Hawking and 374 other scientists speak up for climate pact (and against Donald Trump) Here are Google’s ‘top trending searches’ for 2015 — tech gadgets included Previous StoryWireless tech company Rigado raises $3M to expand overseas and grow IoT product line Next StoryJeff Bezos gave Jill Soloway, creator of the Amazon hit ‘Transparent,’ an artistic and political pep talk Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Even beginners can learn Python in this sub-$100 programming bundle GeekWire Deals: Multitask like a pro with project-planning app Pagico Most Popular on GeekWire When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Paul Allen’s Stratolaunch Systems brings monster plane out of hangar for first time Northern lights, cameras, action: Night sky watchers capture dramatic aurora over Seattle Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Director, Corporate MarketingExtraHop Networks User Interface DesignerKenworth Truck Company A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session June 5th Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > 3 Reasons Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Could Catch Fire BAC stock has been sitting in idle for weeks, but a number of drivers could trigger a second-half rally By Tom Taulli, InvestorPlace Writer & IPO Playbook Editor  |  Jun 2, 2017, 12:31 pm EDT Get BAC alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 3 Ways Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Can Go Off the Rails 3 Reasons to Worry About Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock 3 Reasons Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Could Catch Fire Recent Posts: 3 Reasons Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Could Catch Fire 3 Ways Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Can Go Off the Rails 3 Reasons Valeant Pharmaceuticals Intl Inc (VRX) Stock Is Dangerous to Your Portfolio’s Health View All Posts Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC) is proof that in the markets, a lot can happen in just a few short months. Between early October and late February, BAC stock logged an impressive 60% gain — this after about three years of essentially running in place. Source: Shutterstock Since then, however, BofA dropped by double digits, and has been stuck in neutral ever since. Bank of America isn’t suffering in a bubble, of course. The rest of the banking sector — including Big Four rivals Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) and Wells Fargo & Co (NYSE:WFC) — have been cooling off, too. That caused a lot of alarm, but it’s not often that mega-banks act like fast-growing dot-coms. And besides, it was for good reason. Much of the enthusiasm over President Donald Trump’s promised financial deregulation waned as his other policies began to lag, leaving many to wonder when exactly a freer, easier environment for banks would open up. Still, that leaves investors wondering: What can we expect out of BAC stock now? Is the giant bank still a value, or is the recent flatlining a sign that investors should still be cautious. I don’t think the bull run is over, and I have three reasons why. Reason #1: Bank of America Is on Solid Footing If it wasn’t for the help of the federal government, BofA might not be around today. The company had deep exposure to toxic mortgages, thanks in large part to the disastrous Countrywide Financial acquisition. Yet Bank of America has made tremendous strides in restructuring the overall business, including deep cuts in headcount and its retail footprint. BAC also has implemented more rigorous systems to better manage risk. BofA is very different than it was 10 years ago, but don’t get the impression that it lost all of its tremendous scale. Consider that Bank of America still boasts … 47 million consumer and small business relationships About $2.6 trillion in assets Roughly 1 million high net worth clients Bank of America also has made important investments in new technologies, amounting to about $3 billion per year. The results are there, too, as the bank boasts 22.2 million mobile customers and 34.5 million active digital users. These consumers have been drawn in by innovations such as P2P payments (via the Zelle app), its artificial intelligence unit (Erica) and cardless-enabled ATMs. Reason #2: Net Interest Income Net interest income is at the heart of Bank of America’s performance. NII is calculated as the difference between the revenues of core banking services — such as providing loans — and the costs of paying interest on deposits. Historically low interest rates after the financial crisis have been a major drag on the performance of BAC stock. But the Federal Reserve has been changing its policies, engaging in more tightening. It’s difficult to predict interest rates, but some important factors should keep them on the rise. Unemployment — though it decelerated in May — is still at all-time low levels, and the Fed also wants to lessen its balance sheet. The interesting thing about the net interest income is that the fees on deposits tend to remain depressed whereas loan rates have much larger increases. The result is a nice expansion in margins. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/06/3-reasons-bank-of-america-corp-bac-stock-could-catch-fire/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold for the Next 5 Years 7 Dividend Stock Picks That Make the Grade 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High WWDC: 10 Biggest Apple Reveals Ever 10 High-Tech Gifts Dad Will Love ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Must-Have Tech Stocks for the Next 5 Years 3 Hot Stocks to Chase, 3 Frigid Stocks to Flee 7 Dividend Stocks to Buy That Make the Grade 3 Restaurant Stocks That Activist Investors Will Send Sky-High 4 Coal Stocks That Are in Danger, With or Without Trump Most Popular 5 Top Stocks to Buy in June 10 Boring Stocks to Buy for Red-Hot Returns Trade of the Day: Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Is One for the Bears 7 Stocks to Buy That Wall Street Got Dead Wrong Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Sending a Message. Listen. Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock If You’re Sane Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Saturday, June 03, 2017Switch to हिन्दी Home Politics SP leader Gayatri Prajapati, six others chargesheeted for raping corporator, molesting minor girl Congress says linking dynasty politics with Gandhis has lost its logic Congress sticks to caste algebra, ignores voter chemistry in Karnataka: Is Rahul Gandhi set for political harakiri? Rahul Gandhi's dynasty politics salvo backfires, K Chandraeskhar Rao's son calls it 'joke of the millenium' Maharashtra farmers' strike: Shiv Sena attacks Devendra Fadnavis, says it's time to take action Kapil Mishra issues fresh allegations against AAP, says Delhi govt installed fake CNG kits Sports Champions Trophy 2017: From Babar Azam to Imad Wasim, a look at Pakistan's young Turks India vs Pakistan: People’s prediction shot on the OPPO F3 dual selfie camera French Open 2017: Andy Murray faces stern Juan Martin del Potro test, Simona Halep takes on Daria Kasatkina Champions Trophy 2017: Steven Smith expects his bowling attack to perform 'better' in upcoming games Champions Trophy 2017: Indian pacers' relative superiority can prove decisive against Pakistan Champions Trophy 2017: When and where to watch South Africa vs Sri Lanka , coverage on TV and live streaming India Adesh Kumar Tyagi, Indian-origin former CEO of Systems America, charged with fraud Meghalaya chief minister writes to Tripura counterpart, urges unity against new cattle trade law Bhanwari Devi murder case: Woman absconding for six years arrested from Madhya Pradesh CBSE Board Class 10 Result 2017 LIVE: Grades to be declared shortly on cbse.nic.in, cbseresults.nic.in Is India finally ready to see women in military combat? Excuses won't hold for long As EC's hackathon gets underway, Uttarakhand HC issues order prohibiting criticism of EVMs World Donald Trump nominates financier Richard Spencer as Navy Secretary Japanese company releases 'false groping accusation benefit' for men to fight sex-pest claims US-led fight against Islamic state claimed 484 civilian lives in Iraq and Syria, says Pentagon Narendra Modi meets UN chief Antonio Guterres, stresses on multilateralism to combat terrorism Narendra Modi in Russia: After OBOR boycott, routine agreements don't portend well for New Delhi Germany's biggest music festival interrupted due to potential terror threat Business GST Council to fix tax rate on gold and other commodities today; jewellers on toes Reliance Communications gets 7-month extension to service its debt Air India stake sale will be 'very, very difficult' says Arvind Panagariya World Environment Day: Go green with these 5 eco-friendly tech products Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh seeks Japanese investment in the state Farmers strike in Maharashtra: Vegetable, milk prices soar 50%; vendors give produce free to villagers Entertainment Bhoomi: Aditi Rao Hydari narrowly escapes fire on sets of Sanjay Dutt starrer Katrina Kaif's career turnaround? Jagga Jasoos actor joins Salman Khan's talent management company Sairat remake in Hindi: Jhanvi Kapoor and Ishaan Khattar to play lead roles? Pakeezah actress Geeta Kapoor's case, while heartbreaking, is not an isolated one Ranbir Kapoor's Sanjay Dutt biopic fetches record price, will release on 30 March 2018 Spyder actress Rakul Preet Singh on working with Mahesh Babu, AR Murugadoss Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 CT 2017 FAKING NEWS Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt | Reuters FwireReutersJun, 03 2017 01:45:04 IST #Reuters By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and IBM Corp (IBM.N), on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies.Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry.Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co (DIS.N) CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move."Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council.Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets.Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, said he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council.A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council.McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions."IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said.Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said.Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), criticized Trump's decision, but suggested in a statement on Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said.PepsiCo Inc (PEP.N) Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc (FB.O), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL.O), Goldman Sachs (GS.N) and General Electric Co (GE.N). GE's CEO, Jeff Immelt, is on Trump's manufacturing council.AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people."Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption."The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment.""If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP (BX.N). Blackrock Inc (BLK.N) Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co (GM.N) said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's (F.N) new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am | Updated Date: Jun 03, 2017 01:45 am Also See India offers tax concessions to Apple to expand production - official | Reuters Special Report: As Modi and his Hindu base rise, so too does yoga tycoon Baba Ramdev | Reuters Islamic State claims responsibility for Manchester arena attack | Reuters India says it attacked Pakistan army posts in divided Kashmir | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 2 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 3 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN 4 Jun 6 ENG Vs NZ 5 Jun 7 PAK Vs SA Full Schedule Top Stories Victoria & Abdul: The story of the unlikely friendship between a queen and her munshi CBI Arrests Lt Colonel, Middleman in Army Transfer Scam NIA raids 22 locations of separatists in Kashmir and Delhi over alleged Pakistan funding Champions Trophy 2017: Virat Kohli's challenge is to carry forward MS Dhoni's ICC tournament legacy June 1, Global Parent’s Day: Tips for parents to save on their child’s education US pulls out of Paris Agreement on climate change: Here's why Donald Trump's brain fade will have no immediate impact As EC's hackathon gets underway, Uttarakhand HC issues order prohibiting criticism of EVMs Baywatch movie review: Priyanka Chopra is weighed down by this film's sheer ineptitude Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI Vs AFG West Indies beat Afghanistan by 6 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS Vs NZ Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG Vs BAN England beat Bangladesh by 8 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN India beat Bangladesh by 240 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs SL - Jun 8th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 NZ vs BAN - Jun 9th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 10th, 2017, 12:00 AM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Sat Jun 3, 2017 | 8:31am IST Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt FILE PHOTO: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his decision that the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Agreement, in the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington, U.S., June 1, 2017. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque/File Photo By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc, JP Morgan Chase & Co and IBM Corp, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc, Alphabet Inc and Goldman Sachs. General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP. Blackrock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News SEBI sets up panel to improve corporate governance MUMBAI Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) has set up a committee to help improve corporate governance of listed companies, it said on Friday, in the light of recent high-profile corporate tussles. Wall St sees Fed on track for rate hike in June despite tepid May jobs data: Reuters poll NEW YORK Wall Street's top banks are united in the belief the Federal Reserve will raise U.S. interest rates when it meets in two weeks' time, but recent choppy data on the U.S. economy has created a division of opinion about what happens after that, a Reuters poll showed on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Amid Trump climate turmoil, France to push stability in India talks Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Gold gains after disappointing U.S. jobs data Business Standard U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 percent Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  June 2, 2017 Last Updated at 22:00 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UWPMdd ALSO READ Strong U.S. job growth, rising wages set stage for Fed rate hike U.S. jobless claims near 44-year low; rate hike expected this month U.S. consumer spending, inflation data support Fed rate hike case Rising inflation, tightening job market support more rate hikes U.S. jobless rate falls to 9-year low, payrolls rise By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose four cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing by 185,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. U.S. financial markets are almost pricing in a 25 basis point increase in the Fed's benchmark overnight interest rate this month, according to CME FedWatch. The dollar fell to seven-month lows on views the jobs data could portend diminished chances for a Fed rate hike in the second half of the year. Long-dated U.S. Treasury yields fell to nearly seven-month lows, and short-dated yields touched their lowest in more than two weeks, but U.S. stocks edged up to new highs. [MKTS/GLOB]. SHRINKING LABOR MARKET SLACK The modest payrolls gain could temper expectations of a sharp acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter after gross domestic product increased at a tepid 1.2 percent annualized rate at the start of the year. While consumer spending picked up in April, a second report on Friday showed the trade deficit widening 5.2 percent to $47.6 billion. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP increasing at a 3.4 percent pace in the second quarter. There was some good news in the employment report. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 8.4 percent, the lowest since November 2007. As a result, the spread between the jobless rate and this broad unemployment gauge, considered a better measure of labor market slack, was the smallest since early 2008. But the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 62.7 percent. The volatile 16-24 age group accounted for much of the drop in the participation rate last month, suggesting a rebound is likely. Manufacturing employment fell by 1,000 jobs last month as payrolls in the automobile sector dropped 1,500 amid declining sales. Ford Motor Co said last month it planned to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America and Asia through voluntary early retirement and other financial incentives. Construction payrolls rose 11,000 last month after decreasing by 1,000 jobs in April. Retail employment fell 6,100, declining for a fourth straight month, with department stores shedding 3,700 jobs. Department store chains like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch are struggling against stiff competition from online retailers led by Amazon. Nonstore retailers, including online merchants, hired 2,900 workers last month. Government employment decreased 9,000 last month, with state and local governments accounting for all the decrease. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Economy | Interest Rate | Rate Hike | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 percent WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose four cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing by 185,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. U.S. financial markets are almost pricing in a 25 basis point increase in the Fed's benchmark overnight interest rate this month, according to CME FedWatch. The dollar fell to seven-month lows on views the jobs data could portend diminished chances for a Fed rate hike in the second half of the year. Long-dated U.S. Treasury yields fell to nearly seven-month lows, and short-dated yields touched their lowest in more than two weeks, but U.S. stocks edged up to new highs. [MKTS/GLOB]. SHRINKING LABOR MARKET SLACK The modest payrolls gain could temper expectations of a sharp acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter after gross domestic product increased at a tepid 1.2 percent annualized rate at the start of the year. While consumer spending picked up in April, a second report on Friday showed the trade deficit widening 5.2 percent to $47.6 billion. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP increasing at a 3.4 percent pace in the second quarter. There was some good news in the employment report. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 8.4 percent, the lowest since November 2007. As a result, the spread between the jobless rate and this broad unemployment gauge, considered a better measure of labor market slack, was the smallest since early 2008. But the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 62.7 percent. The volatile 16-24 age group accounted for much of the drop in the participation rate last month, suggesting a rebound is likely. Manufacturing employment fell by 1,000 jobs last month as payrolls in the automobile sector dropped 1,500 amid declining sales. Ford Motor Co said last month it planned to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America and Asia through voluntary early retirement and other financial incentives. Construction payrolls rose 11,000 last month after decreasing by 1,000 jobs in April. Retail employment fell 6,100, declining for a fourth straight month, with department stores shedding 3,700 jobs. Department store chains like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch are struggling against stiff competition from online retailers led by Amazon. Nonstore retailers, including online merchants, hired 2,900 workers last month. Government employment decreased 9,000 last month, with state and local governments accounting for all the decrease. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 percent By Lucia Mutikani WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose four cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing by 185,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. U.S. financial markets are almost pricing in a 25 basis point increase in the Fed's benchmark overnight interest rate this month, according to CME FedWatch. The dollar fell to seven-month lows on views the jobs data could portend diminished chances for a Fed rate hike in the second half of the year. Long-dated U.S. Treasury yields fell to nearly seven-month lows, and short-dated yields touched their lowest in more than two weeks, but U.S. stocks edged up to new highs. [MKTS/GLOB]. SHRINKING LABOR MARKET SLACK The modest payrolls gain could temper expectations of a sharp acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter after gross domestic product increased at a tepid 1.2 percent annualized rate at the start of the year. While consumer spending picked up in April, a second report on Friday showed the trade deficit widening 5.2 percent to $47.6 billion. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP increasing at a 3.4 percent pace in the second quarter. There was some good news in the employment report. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 8.4 percent, the lowest since November 2007. As a result, the spread between the jobless rate and this broad unemployment gauge, considered a better measure of labor market slack, was the smallest since early 2008. But the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 62.7 percent. The volatile 16-24 age group accounted for much of the drop in the participation rate last month, suggesting a rebound is likely. Manufacturing employment fell by 1,000 jobs last month as payrolls in the automobile sector dropped 1,500 amid declining sales. Ford Motor Co said last month it planned to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America and Asia through voluntary early retirement and other financial incentives. Construction payrolls rose 11,000 last month after decreasing by 1,000 jobs in April. Retail employment fell 6,100, declining for a fourth straight month, with department stores shedding 3,700 jobs. Department store chains like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch are struggling against stiff competition from online retailers led by Amazon. Nonstore retailers, including online merchants, hired 2,900 workers last month. Government employment decreased 9,000 last month, with state and local governments accounting for all the decrease. (Reporting by Lucia Mutikani; Editing by Andrea Ricci) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Insider Picks BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. The best credit card rewards and bonuses David Slotnick, Insider Picks Jun. 2, 2017, 2:15 PM 11,292 facebook linkedin twitter email print The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. Chase/Business Insider The Insider Pick: Credit cards with good rewards programs and great sign-up bonuses make it easier than ever to rack up a lot of points and use them to travel in style. These are the best credit card rewards programs and sign-up bonuses that are available now. Last summer’s launch of the Sapphire Reserve credit card by J.P. Morgan Chase stirred up a frenzy usually reserved for the newest iPhone. Millennials and Gen X-ers jumped into the once-obscure world of credit card rewards and bonuses, drawn by Chase’s introductory offer of 100,000 bonus points if you spent $4,000 in your first three months of card membership. Now that the big bonus is gone and many of the points likely spent, what’s the next move for someone seeking to boost their stock of credit card points and frequent flyer miles? Here are some of the top credit card sign-up bonuses still available. But first, a word of warning: Credit cards play a big role in maintaining a healthy credit profile and score. Make sure you’re aware of the impact that opening a new card can have, especially if you’re planning to apply for a mortgage or finance a major purchase anytime soon. It’s also important to practice financial discipline when targeting credit card rewards — paying your balances off in full each month, making payments on time, and not spending more than you can afford to pay is the best course of action. After all, interest and late charges can cancel out the value you get from your rewards. The Chase Sapphire Reserve card, the Chase Sapphire Preferred card, the Chase Unlimited Freedom card, the American Express Platinum card, the American Express Preferred Rewards Gold card, the Capital One Venture Rewards card, and various airline rewards credit cards offer the best rewards.  View As: One Page Slides Chase Sapphire Reserve Spencer Platt/Getty Images Why you'll love it: The Chase Sapphire Reserve Credit Card makes it easy to earn rewards for travel and more with a great sign-up bonus. Sign-up Bonus: 50,000 points (after spending $4,000 in the first three months) The huge introductory bonus might have made way for a smaller incentive, but the Chase Sapphire Reserve is still a great card to keep in your wallet. Earning three times Ultimate Rewards points per dollar spent on dining and any travel, and one point per dollar on everything else, the Sapphire Reserve earns points quickly through your everyday spending, and it comes with a slew of perks.  Points are worth 1.5¢ each towards travel booked through Chase, but can also be transferred to a number of frequent flyer and hotel loyalty programs. Benefits include access to airport lounges through the Priority Pass network, trip delay coverage, purchase protection, a Global Entry or TSA PreCheck credit, and car rental primary coverage. However, while the airport lounge access can be great, most Priority Pass lounges are in international terminals, which isn't helpful when you're flying domestically. The annual fee is a hefty $450, but that’s offset by a $300 travel credit each year, good for things like taxis, subway fare, parking, tolls, and flights. There aren’t many downsides to this card. Chase has invested heavily in making the Ultimate Rewards program competitive. Booking flights by transferring points to frequent flyer partners is generally more lucrative — that’s usually how people use points to fly in first and business class — but it can be complicated because you have to decipher award charts, find availability, and work around complicated airline rules.  However, because the Sapphire Reserve allows you to get 1.5¢ for each point, if you use them to book travel through Chase’s online or phone travel agent, there’s a simpler and still-valuable option.  Pros: Solid sign-up bonus, easy to earn points, points work with frequent flier and hotel loyalty programs, good airport benefits Cons: High annual fee, Priority Pass lounges are typically in international terminals  Sign up for a Chase Sapphire Reserve Credit Card now Chase Sapphire Preferred Spencer Platt/Getty Images Why you'll love it: The Chase Sapphire Preferred Credit Card has a lower annual fee than the Reserve card and it's easy to rack up points. Sign-up Bonus: 50,000 points (after spending $4,000 in the first three months) The Reserve’s older sibling, the Sapphire Preferred offers a number of similar features and an identical sign-up bonus for a lower annual fee. The card earns 2 times the Ultimate Rewards points instead of the Reserve’s 3 times the points on dining and travel, and one times the points on everything else. Points are worth a lower 1.25¢ on travel booked through Chase, but can still be transferred to frequent flyer and hotel loyalty programs. There’s no annual travel credit, but there’s still car rental primary coverage, as well as slightly less-generous trip delay coverage and purchase protection. The annual fee is a more manageable $95, which is waived the first year. The Sapphire Preferred was the all-around best card for a long time, but the Reserve has changed the landscape. The Preferred earns fewer points on bonus spending categories than the Reserve, and the value of the points on travel booked through Chase is less. The no-hassle travel credit on the Reserve makes the annual fee on that card effectively $150 (accounting for the $300 you get back through the credit), so — depending on your spending habits — it can be worth paying more up front for the Reserve. Pros: Good sign-up bonus, transferable points, travel perks, lower annual fee than Sapphire Reserve card Cons: Lower point value, no annual travel credit, no as good as Sapphire Reserve Sign up for a Chase Sapphire Preferred Credit Card now  Chase Freedom Unlimited John Gress/Reuters Why you'll love it: The Chase Unlimited Freedom Credit Card helps you earn points for normal purchases and get cash back with no annual fee. Sign-up Bonus: 15,000 points/$150 (after spending $500 in the first three months) If you already have the Sapphire Reserve and are saving your points for something, the Freedom Unlimited can give your balance a nice boost. While Chase markets the card as “cash back,” it actually earns Ultimate Rewards points that you can redeem for cash (1 point = 1¢).  If you have a premium card like the Sapphire Reserve, you can pool your points from the two cards. The Freedom Unlimited earns 1.5 points per dollar spent, so paired with a Sapphire Reserve, it’s a great card to use for purchases that aren’t made on travel expenses or dining.  Best of all, the card has no annual fee and often has zero percent APR for the first 15 months on purchases and balance transfers. The Chase Freedom Unlimited is a fantastic all-around card. However, to get the most value when it’s time to spend your points, you need the Sapphire Reserve or Preferred card, too, so you can pool your points. Otherwise, points are only worth 1¢ each no matter how you use them and they can’t be transferred to airline or hotel partners. Pros: Decent sign-up bonus, earn points on regular purchases, no annual fee, zero percent APR for first 15 months Cons: One point only equals one cent for cash back Sign up for a Chase Unlimited Freedom Credit Card now American Express Platinum Mario Tama/Getty Images Why you'll love it: The American Express Platinum Rewards Credit Card offers a big sign-up bonus and lots of perks for travelers. Sign-up Bonus: 60,000 points (after spending $5,000 in the first three months) American Express has made some big moves recently in the credit cards rewards war. The company fired shots at Chase by upping its standard sign-up bonus offer. Previously, it was only 40,000 points, and now it's 60,000. AmEx is also offering 5 times the Membership Rewards points per dollar spent on airfare directly with airlines and a monthly $15 credit on Uber, which was boosted to $35 in December. Like Chase Ultimate Rewards points, American Express Membership Rewards points can be used to purchase travel, gift cards, or products directly through from the issuer, or they can be transferred to certain airline and hotel loyalty programs. The card includes access to the same lounges as the Sapphire Reserve, plus Delta SkyClubs and the proprietary American Express Centurion Lounges. It carries a number of perks similar to its rival from Chase, including purchase protections and a $200 annual credit on incidental airline fees — think checked bags, drinks, and upgrades. Cardholders also qualify for elite status with Hilton and Starwood hotels. That can help you stomach the $550 annual fee. However, $550 is a lot to pay out each year. The $200 airline fee credit and $200 Uber credit certainly help, but the airline credit can be difficult to use if you aren’t checking bags or buying drinks on flights. Some people have found that buying gift cards from the airline of your choice counts as a qualifying purchase. The bonus spending categories on this card are less generous than on the Sapphire Reserve, meaning it can take longer to earn points unless you book a lot of flights. The spending requirement in the first three months is higher than most other cards, and Membership Reward points are worth less than Chase’s Ultimate Rewards points when used to book travel through the card issuer — only 1¢ per point. Pros: High sign-up points bonus, perks at airlines, points can go toward purchases, points are transferable to airline and hotel rewards programs Cons: High $550 annual fee, only 1¢ per point, high spending requirement, less generous than Chase Sapphire Reserve Sign up for an American Express Platinum Rewards Credit Card now American Express Preferred Rewards Gold Glassdoor Why you'll love it: The American Express Preferred Rewards Gold Credit Card has a lower annual fee and you can easily earn points on travel and other purchases. Sign-up Bonus: 25,000 points (after spending $2,000 in the first three months) If the high annual fee turns you away from the Platinum card, you may want to consider the Preferred Rewards Gold card instead. While it comes with fewer perks, it still offers a $100 annual credit on incidental airline fees, and earns three times points on airfare, two times points on groceries, restaurants and gas stations, and one times the points on everything else. There are a few other benefits as well, including purchase protection and baggage insurance. While the card carries a $195 annual fee, it’s waived for your first year. Note that it’s often possible to find a higher sign-up bonus offer simply by visiting the American Express website. However, it's worth noting that for a card with a $195 annual fee, you would expect a higher standard sign-up bonus like the ones Chase offers. The bonus spending categories overlap heavily with the Chase Sapphire Preferred and Reserve cards, but with a higher annual fee. If you can maximize the airline credit, the fee is effectively the same as the Sapphire Preferred, but points are only worth 1¢ each on travel booked through American Express, while the Preferred card’s Ultimate Rewards points are worth more on travel booked through Chase. Pros: Easy to earn points, good for travelers, airline perks Cons: $195 annual fee, smaller sign-up bonus, only 1¢ per point Sign up for an American Express Preferred Rewards Gold Credit Card now Capital One Venture Rewards REUTERS/ Brendan McDermid Why you'll love it: The Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card has a low annual fee and makes it easy to earn points for travel. Sign-up Bonus: 40,000 miles (after spending $3,000 in the first three months) Capital One’s travel rewards program isn’t necessarily as lucrative as what other banks offer. The points can’t be transferred to hotel or airline partners, and they’re worth a fixed value of 1¢ each. The flip side, though, is that they’re easy to earn and easy to use. The Venture Rewards card earns two times the miles per dollar on all purchases. The points can be redeemed as a statement credit to “erase” travel purchases. For example, if you buy a $400 plane ticket, you can apply 40,000 points to cancel out that charge. The annual fee of $59 is waived the first year. However, you won’t find outsized value with Capital One’s travel rewards, since you don’t even get the option to transfer miles to a hotel or frequent flyer program. Each mile is worth 1¢, and that’s that. On the other hand, that means there’s no ambiguity or confusion when it’s time to spend your miles. Pros: Low annual fee, easy to earn points, decent sign-up bonus Cons: Points are non-transferable, only 1¢ per point Sign up for a Capital One Venture Rewards Credit Card now Airline Rewards Programs United Why you'll love it: Airlines often have decent rewards programs through major credit card providers that will help you travel more. Sign-up Bonus: Varies If you often travel with the same airline or live in a major hub city, you might want to consider signing up for a co-branded airline credit card. American Express issues Delta’s credit cards, Citibank offers American’s, and Chase partners with United. Sign-up bonuses often vary through the year, but they generally fall between 30,000 and 60,000 miles after spending $3,000 in the first three months. Perks vary by card and are often valuable even if you only fly a few times a year, generally including a form of early boarding, free checked bags, and extra miles earned on purchases from that airline. While each airline offers a few cards, the most popular ones tend to come with annual fees of $95, which are waived the first year. However, with these cards, there’s no option to redeem your miles for cash or book travel hassle-free. Nor is there an option to choose which frequent flyer program offers the most value and flexibility for the trip you’re planning. Instead, you’re stuck booking travel with one airline and dealing with whatever restrictions it might impose. If the airline chooses to devalue their frequent flyer program or raise costs for a particular type of award flight, you’re stuck. The upside comes mainly with the perks like the free checked bag, and the fact that with a little bit of work, it can be possible to get an incredible value for your miles by booking an unforgettable trip in first or business class. The upside comes mainly with the perks like the free checked bag, and the fact that with a little bit of work, it can be possible to get an incredible value for your miles by booking an unforgettable trip in first or business class. Pros: Airlines offer good deals, travel perks, low annual fees Cons: There's still an annual fee, you're stuck with that airline and have less flexibility If you want to see more from Insider Picks, we're collecting emails for an upcoming newsletter. You'll be the first to hear about the stuff we cover. Click here to sign up . Disclosure: This post is brought to you by Business Insider's Insider Picks team. We aim to highlight products and services you might find interesting, and if you buy them, we get a small share of the revenue from the sale from our commerce partners. We frequently receive products free of charge from manufacturers to test. This does not drive our decision as to whether or not a product is featured or recommended. We operate independently from our advertising sales team. We welcome your feedback. Have something you think we should know about? Email us at insiderpicks@businessinsider.com. Read the original article on Insider Picks. Copyright 2017. Follow Insider Picks on Twitter. More from Insider Picks: SEE ALSO: 8 of the best wallets you can buy for under $30 right now More: Features Insider Picks 2017 Insider Picks Guides Buying Guide credit card Credit Card Rewards Personal Finance BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The best credit card rewards and bonuses The best credit card rewards and bonuses The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we... Your Editor (online now) Breton Fischetti × From Body Thank you for your input. Close Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: This chart explains everything that's wrong with the economy today More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Insider Picks Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Big U.S. companies stay on White House panel despite climate jolt Add to ... By David Shepardson and Susan Heavey WASHINGTON — Reuters Published Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 1:59PM EDT Last updated Friday, Jun. 02, 2017 6:48PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Several major U.S. companies, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, JP Morgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and IBM Corp <IBM.N>, on Friday said their CEOs will remain in an influential presidential advisory group despite objecting to President Donald Trump's withdrawal from the Paris climate accord. Citing the need to stay engaged with the administration, business leaders said they would remain in their advisory roles to continue working to influence White House policies. Trump, a Republican, on Thursday said he would pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement to fight climate change, drawing anger and condemnation from world leaders and heads of industry. Tesla Inc <TSLA.O> Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co <DIS.N> CEO Robert Iger reacted by leaving White House advisory councils after Trump's move. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post on Thursday. He was a member of the business advisory group, known as the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum. He also belonged to Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Asked about CEOs' criticism of the U.S. withdrawal, White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Friday said some companies that expressed support for remaining in the agreement raised concerns about the emissions reduction targets. Spicer, speaking to reporters at a daily news conference, added he does not know if Trump will replace Musk and Iger on the business council. A spokesman for Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N>, the largest U.S. retailer, said on Friday that Chief Executive Doug McMillon will remain on the business council. McMillon said in a Facebook post late on Thursday he was "disappointed in today's news about the Paris Agreement. We think it's important for countries to work together to reduce greenhouse gas emissions." IBM CEO Ginni Rometty will remain on the council, the company said on Friday as it reaffirmed its support for the Paris accord. "IBM believes we can make a constructive contribution by having a direct dialogue with the administration – as we do with governments around the world," a company spokeswoman said. Cleveland Clinic Chief Executive Toby Cosgrove will also remain on the council, a spokeswoman said. Another prominent chief executive, Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, criticized Trump's decision. The company acknowledged Friday that he would not step down from Trump's business group. "I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said in a statement. PepsiCo Inc <PEP.N> Chief Executive Indra Nooyi is expected to remain on the council. The company said in a statement on Friday that while it is "disappointed with the announcement, we hope there is a way for the accord to move forward with the U.S. at the table." 'LET'S GET A BETTER DEAL' Other chief executives also issued statements criticizing the decision to withdraw from the accord, including the heads of Facebook Inc <FB.O>, Alphabet Inc <GOOGL.O> and Goldman Sachs <GS.N>. General Electric Co <GE.N> CEO Jeff Immelt, who is on Trump's manufacturing council, said on Thursday he was disappointed in the decision and added: "Industry must now lead and not depend on government." Immelt will remain on the council, a company spokeswoman said on Friday. AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka, who is also on Trump's manufacturing council, called the withdrawal "a failure of American leadership." A union spokesman said on Friday that Trumka intends to remain on the council to serve "as a voice for working people." Boeing Co <BA.N> Chief Executive Dennis Muilenburg also will remain on the manufacturing council, the company said. Trump administration officials pushed back against company criticisms in television interviews on Friday. National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn dismissed concerns about potential economic fallout from the climate deal withdrawal, such as the potential of other countries slapping tariffs on American manufacturers. In an interview on CNBC on Friday, Cohn said the move was part of the administration's efforts to boost U.S. economic growth and help companies by increasing demand for U.S. goods, along with other efforts targeting regulations, taxes and infrastructure. "If we can grow our economy, we're going to consume more and more products," he said. "We're going to need more manufacturing in the United States just to deal with domestic consumption." The issue could resurface later this month when, according to an administration spokesman, the White House plans to hold a June 19 meeting with technology leaders. Kellyanne Conway, a White House senior adviser, said on Fox News the deal would have "a statistically insignificant impact on the environment." "If you really cared about that piece, and you're one of these CEOs crowing today, then you would say 'let's get a better deal,'" she said in the interview on Friday, adding that Trump had said he was open to future negotiations. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The council is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP <BX.N>. Blackrock Inc <BLK.N> Chief Executive Larry Fink said on Thursday he would continue to serve on Trump's business forum, despite reservations about the White House climate decision because he believes he can add to policy discussions and be a voice for investors. General Motors Co <GM.N> said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra also would remain on the presidential advisory panel, while it remained unclear whether Ford Motor Co's <F.N> new chief executive, James Hackett, would join the group. In February, Uber Technologies Inc [UBER.UL] CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council amid internal pressure over Trump's immigration policies. (Editing by Matthew Lewis) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$79.62 -0.19 (-0.24%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$82.64 -0.42 (-0.51%) IBM-NInternational Business Machines Corp Latest Price$152.05 -0.62 (-0.41%) Updated June 2 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Facebook, Inc. America Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. International Business Machines Corporation United States of America Donald Trump Tesla AS Paris JPMorgan Chase & Co. General Electric Company Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Arts How 'Wonder Woman' breaks from superhero norms Technology Huge Stratolaunch plane leaves hangar for fuel tests Video How the TTC hopes to reduce subway overcrowding with automatic train control News Trudeau says Canadian governments ‘won’t rest’ on opioid crisis News Trump's speech on U.S. withdrawing from Paris climate accord in 90 seconds Report on Business Barrie McKenna: Ottawa fighting back in NAFTA trade war, but at what cost? Video Police interview ex-nurse Elizabeth Wettlaufer who admitted to killing eight patients News EPA Chief Pruitt says humans do contribute to global warming Report on Business Video: ‘No concessions planned’ on Trans Mountain: Kinder Morgan News Video: On Toronto Islands, flooding is becoming a part of life News Families outline hopes for missing, murdered inquiry hearings News Clinton calls book writing 'a painful experience' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Garda World decries Canada’s hiring of rival firm to protect Kabul embassy Life Beloved matriarch of the Thomson family Most popular Bernier camp casts doubt on Conservative leadership vote U.S. governors, mayors defend Paris accord after Trump’s rejection Discord over the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion rattles Canada’s political landscape Trudeau urges municipal leaders to see infrastructure bank as voluntary Federalism might be our best hope in fighting climate change X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All The One Bank Stock You Should Buy This Summer. Is it JPMorgan, Citi or RBC? TheStreet Staff Jun 2, 2017 1:26 PM EDT Citigroup Inc. (C) Citi's price action is de-coupling from the rest of the banking sector. This stock's ascending triangle pattern triggers a buy above $62. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) JPM is violating a key support level just below $85 this week - look out below. Royal Bank of Canada (RY) RY is still stuck in a well-defined downtrend this summer. Sell the rips. Read Full Article: The One Bank Stock You Should Buy This Summer. Is it Citi, JPMorgan or RBC? This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like JP Morgan Could Crash In a sea of red flags, one bank emerges strong. Jonas Elmerraji Jun 2, 2017 6:13 PM EDT Trump, General Electric and Tesla What a Crazy Week: The BIG Deal Here is something to chat about this weekend. Ronald Fink Jun 2, 2017 5:52 PM EDT 16 Stocks to Own as the U.S. Economy's Expansion Turns 8 Years Old From Amazon to Walt Disney Co., I hold these names or want to buy them on dips. Stephen Guilfoyle Jun 2, 2017 7:00 AM EDT Trending Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Why Facebook, Amazon and Netflix Could Soar At Least 40%, Says Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprises Feels the Heat, While Apple Feels the Love: ICYMI Friday Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Google, GE, Apple, Dozens Of Other Companies Denounce Withdrawal From Paris Climate Accord Image courtesy of James LeVeque June 2, 2017 2:01 pm EDT By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability The biggest news of the week, so far, has been President Trump’s decision to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris Agreement. And while politicians’ support or condemnation of the withdrawal is predictably split along party lines, one surprising consensus has emerged: The business world, including the corporations that run basically everything, really wish we would stay in. The decision, which Trump announced in a Rose Garden speech yesterday, starts the several-year process for taking the U.S. out of the international agreement, also called the Paris Climate Accord. The agreement was finalized in Paris (hence the name) in 2015. 195 nations — basically, the entire world save two — have signed on to the non-binding accord, agreeing to take voluntary steps to reduce emissions and mitigate climate change. NPR has a full, easy-to-read explainer of the terms the nations all agreed to. Basically, it’s a voluntary pledge to do something by 2020, and then work toward a global goal of zero greenhouse gas emissions by some vague “mid-century” date. However, the President decided the U.S. should not remain in the planet-wide agreement. “As of today,” he said in his speech yesterday, the United States will cease all implementation of the nonbinding Paris accord and the draconian financial and economic burdens the agreement imposes on our country.” The D.C. rumor mill had signaled for a while that this withdrawal was probably coming, and so businesses began to stake out their positions ahead of the formal speech. Earlier in May, the CEOs for 30 major corporations signed an open letter all but begging the administration to leave well enough alone. Why? Not out of any deep moral sentiment; business is business. Instead, staying in the agreement, they argue, is what’s best for capitalism. “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world,” the CEOs write, “we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris Agreement.” “Our business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced response to reducing global GHG emissions. The Paris Agreement gives us that flexible framework to manage climate change while providing a smooth transition for business.” The letter wasn’t signed by a bunch of startups and newbies, but rather by the biggest names in banking, manufacturing, media, and agriculture including: 3M, Dow Chemical, Bank of America, Procter & Gamble, General Electric, Goldman Sachs, Citigroup, Johnson & Johnson, Tesla, Coca-Cola, JP Morgan Chase, Unilever, Morgan Stanley, and Disney, among others. After the announcement was made, several CEOs voiced their disappointment and vowed that their businesses would continue to act believing that climate change is a real threat. Several took to Twitter to voice their displeasure. General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt Tweeted, “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government.” Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government. — Jeff Immelt (@JeffImmelt) June 1, 2017 He was joined by Tesla’s Elon Musk, who Tweeted that the withdrawal was enough to make him resign from Presidential advisory councils he sits on. Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 “Climate change is real,” Musk said. “Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.” Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein made his first-ever Tweet yesterday, and used it to voice disappointment with the administration’s choice: “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.’s leadership position in the world,” he Tweeted. Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 The major players in the tech world also nearly universally condemned the choice. Google CEO Sundar Pichai, like many others, took to Twitter to make a statement, saying, “Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all.” Disappointed with today’s decision. Google will keep working hard for a cleaner, more prosperous future for all. — Sundar Pichai (@sundarpichai) June 1, 2017 Microsoft’s Brad Smith said nearly the same, also on Twitter, saying, “We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals.” We’re disappointed with the decision to exit the Paris Agreement. Microsoft remains committed to doing our part to achieve its goals. — Brad Smith (@BradSmi) June 1, 2017 Amazon joined the fray in a four-part Tweetstorm from the company’s official news account saying, “Amazon continues to support the Paris climate agreement and action on climate change. We believe that robust clean energy and climate policies can support American competitiveness, innovation, and job growth.” Facebook’s Mark Zuckerberg, of course, posted his statement on Facebook, for obvious reasons. “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk,” Zuck posted. “Stopping climate change is something we can only do as a global community, and we have to act together before it’s too late.” Apple CEO Tim Cook was even more blunt in a company-wide email to employees. “I know many of you share my disappointment with the White House’s decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate agreement,” Cook wrote. After outlining steps Apple is currently taking toward sustainability, Cook concluded, “Climate change is real and we all share a responsibility to fight it. … Our mission has always been to leave the world better than we found it. We will never waver, because we know that future generations depend on us.” And lest you think it’s just the new, modern vanguard of tech businesses objecting, those CEOs were joined by stalwarts Dow Chemical, Shell Oil, and Exxon Mobil — none of which exactly enjoy public reputations for environmental friendliness. But for public-facing condemnation, the most visible has been The Weather Channel. Although the cable network itself is still owned by a consortium of NBCUniversal and investment groups, since 2016 its website, Weather.com, has been owned by IBM. And that website has been basically as scathing as it is possible for website layout to be. While the formal announcement was taking place yesterday, this was how it looked: And it hasn’t eased up today. Folks seeking weather forecasts are now greeted with a wall full of climate change proof, news, and protests front and center: June 2, 2017 By Kate Cox@kcoxdc money is green climate change capitalism sustainability Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related promises From Apple To Walmart, Over A Dozen Of The Biggest Businesses In The U.S. Sign On To White House Climate Pledge isis is a goddess People And Businesses Named ‘Isis’ Really Don’t Want To Change Their Names what the what TPP: Leaked Chapter Shows Trade Agreement Could Have Big Effects On Drug Prices, Privacy working together Carmakers, Regulators To Announce Agreement To Improve Vehicle Safety changing the game 3M Vows To Avoid Using Paper Sources That Come From Threatened Forests Previous Big Box Stores Blamed For Giant, Terrifying Spider Next Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Photographer Sues Forever 21, Urban Outfitters Over Tupac T-Shirt Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit First-Time Homebuyers Guide Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wall Street has more bad news for OPEC: 2018 doesn't look great Bloomberg Grant Smith 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Japan, short on babies, reaches a worrisome milestone Trump's Paris adieu is not such a big win for coal and oil Click to expand Replay Video America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC's Kate Rogers reports a growing public school teacher shortage is impacting classrooms across America. CNBC Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Apple today revealed how much developers have earned through the App Store, and from this figure we can glean just how much users have spent on apps over the years. Apple announced developers have earned over $70 billion since the App Store went live in 2008. Taking the tech giant's 70/30 revenue split into account, that means customers have spent over $100 billion in App Store purchases. Apple didn't stop with an earnings number boast as it also revealed App Store downloads grew by over 70% in the past 12 months, and active paid subscriptions are up 58% since the same time last year. Wochit Tech Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal U.S. President Donald Trump says withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seem to disagree. Kate King reports on how companies from Wall St to Silicone Valley have reacted. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Schork Says OPEC 'Failed Miserably' to Rebalance Market Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next America faces growing teacher shortage CNBC1:46 Here's how much we've spent in Apple's App Store Wochit Tech0:44 Business leaders angry at Trump's climate reversal Reuters1:48 US can now ask travelers for social media information going back 5 years Veuer0:55 Russia vs. Saudi Arabia: Oil giants compete for China's business CNN Money2:40 Here's who will pay to fix America's crumbling infrastructure The Wall Street Journal.3:21 This $13M Rolls-Royce could be the most expensive new car ever built Business Insider1:33 Service sector accounts for 64% of global wealth BBC News0:59 Musk departs Trump business council over Paris climate pact withdrawal USA TODAY1:03 People dumping Uber for Lyft? Fox Business2:17 The Dakota Access pipeline is up and running Newsy1:02 Would you buy a home from Sears? These people did and they love it The Washington Post3:08 World's largest airplane is rolled out Wochit Tech0:45 Ohio wants to hold drug companies responsible for the opioid epidemic Newsy1:01 Obamas pay $8.1M for D.C. mansion they've been renting since leaving White House Business Insider0:56 Talking taxes: What's fair for the rich? The Wall Street Journal.3:51 UP NEXT As oil prices sag despite OPEC’s renewed efforts to shore up world crude markets, Wall Street banks have more bad news for the producer group: the outlook for next year isn’t great either. Quotes in the article Morgan Stanley MS ▼ 42.52 -0.09 -0.21% Goldman Sachs Group Inc GSPRA ▲ 23.72 +0.20 +0.85% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 82.64 -0.42 -0.51% Citigroup Inc C ▲ 61.11 +0.03 +0.05% AdChoices Oil futures have lost 8 percent since the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies agreed on May 25 to keep output constrained through the first quarter of 2018 in a bid to clear a global glut. While Goldman Sachs Group Inc. expects their strategy to ultimately succeed, they warn the surplus may re-appear once the curbs end. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. say the group will have little choice but to stick with the cuts even longer. Resurgent supplies from U.S. shale drillers and fading growth in fuel demand mean that world oil markets could face another overhang next year, the banks predict. That means Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two biggest producers in the 24-nation coalition, may need to deliver on their promise to do “whatever it takes” to restore equilibrium. “If OPEC wants to keep the market balanced next year, they will probably need to extend the production cut to all of 2018,” Martijn Rats, managing director at Morgan Stanley in London, said by email. “Demand growth has slowed somewhat recently, and with U.S. production growing strongly, there doesn’t seem to be much room for OPEC production to grow in 2018.” Slow Recovery Production cuts are taking longer than expected to eliminate the surplus as U.S. shale drillers boost production with surprising speed. American oil explorers, having learned to operate more efficiently during a two-year market slump, have restored almost all the output lost during the downturn. As a result, the market may be unable to absorb the return of production halted by OPEC and its partners when their pact ends in April.© Bloomberg/Bloomberg OPEC Has a 2018 Problem “The market isn’t able to see how OPEC exits production cuts without creating huge surpluses in 2018,” said Jeff Currie, head of commodities research at Goldman Sachs in New York. “We see risks for a renewed surplus later next year if OPEC and Russia’s production rises to their expanded capacity and shale grows at an unbridled rate.” Still, even if a surplus re-emerges in 2018, OPEC’s current efforts to deplete stockpiles will make their task of managing it easier, according to Citigroup Inc. While shale’s recovery means next year’s supply situation “looks weighty,” OPEC’s output cuts now mean that if inventories accumulate again, it would be from a lower level, said Ed Morse, head of commodities research at Citigroup in New York. Those increases in inventories may nonetheless prove substantial enough to prevent prices gaining, said David Martin, an analyst at JPMorgan, who slashed his 2018 forecast for Brent crude by $10 a barrel to $45 on May 25. Brent traded near $49 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange in London on Friday. Even if OPEC extends their output accord for all of next year, it may only succeed in stopping further stockpile increases, he said. “OPEC may be shackled to its deal for a long time,” said Martin. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Breaking News Home+ U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Quickly catch up on the day's news: Friday, June 2 By Katie Glaeser, CNN Updated 2:10 PM ET, Fri June 2, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. Relatives of a victim in the attack on the Resorts World Manila cry Friday outside the Philippine complex. (CNN)Here's what you might have missed Friday on CNN: -- ISIS claimed responsibility for the casino attack in Manila, Philippines, that left 37 people dead. Police have repeatedly denied what happened was terror-related. -- The US unemployment rate dropped to 4.3% in May, its lowest level in 16 years. -- The fallout continues from President Donald Trump's decision to leave the Paris Agreement on climate change. Virgin founder Richard Branson says, "History will treat Trump incredibly unkindly for the message that he sent to the world." But JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon said he isn't quitting team Trump, even though he disagrees with the decision. -- Russian President Vladimir Putin has a message for corporate America: Help Trump. "Help us restore normal political dialogue," Putin told US execs Friday in St. Petersburg. Read More -- Trump says his tax reform bill is "moving along" in Congress. Except there's one problem: A bill doesn't exist. -- "Wonder Woman" hits theaters Friday. It could set a box office record for the biggest opening ever for a female director. Can it also end the summer movie slump? -- Malls are doomed: Twenty-five percent will be gone in five years, according to a report from Credit Suisse. -- Growing up, Bill Weir went to 17 schools in six states. Now he journeys back to the red and blue states of his youth in the age of Trump. -- Ariana Grande will hold a benefit concert Sunday in Manchester, England, for the victims and families of the May 22 terrorist attack, along with Katy Perry, Coldplay, Pharrell, Miley Cyrus and more. Here's how you can watch it. -- In the wake of her photo shoot scandal, Kathy Griffin said Trump "is personally trying to ruin my life forever." At a news conference with her attorney, the comedian said she had received death threats and been contacted by the Secret Service since she made what she called "a horrible mistake" by posing in photos holding up a bloody head resembling Trump. -- What a week! Here's what it looked like in 29 photos. Content by LendingTree Mortgage rates just plummeted. Lock in now! Veterans hit the jackpot in 2017 Crush your debt by refinancing to a 15 year fixed loan Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Rates now at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Do you qualify? Paid Partner Content Consumers rush to jaw-dropping savings rates Bankrate $55 & up: Greater Fort Lauderdale summer stays, save 30% Travelzoo Mark Cuban predicts world's first trillionaire The Motley Fool Hidden hotspots in NYC that only locals know Time Lifestyle Buffett reveals big bet on Apple as rumors swirl The Motley Fool Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica State Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest How this Ohio mutual is getting an edge in tech Podcast Breaking Banks: Bitcoin's backstory; Fintech in Charlotte Vocal community group protesting PacWest-CU Bancorp deal Clock ticking for MidSouth to show it can stay independent IPO to boost lending capacity at Esquire Financial search goes here How this Ohio mutual is getting an edge in tech By Bryan Yurcan Published June 02 2017, 1:58pm EDT More in Digital banking Fintech Disruptors Bank technology Community banking Print Email Reprints Share Share on To keep up with the pace of innovation and meeting customer demand for digital services, community banks sometimes have to get creative. That’s what First Federal Lakewood, a $1.7 billion-asset mutual in Ohio, is doing. Recently, First Federal was one of the founders of an Ohio-based fintech accelerator. It’s also invested in Numerated Growth Technologies — a commercial lending technology that lets banks make lending decisions in as little as five minutes. It was created by Eastern Labs, the innovation unit of the Boston mutual Eastern Bank, and spun out recently. While each project has its specific draw, they both speak to a common motivation: the opportunity for First Federal to punch above its weight by collaborating on technology. “We have to be open-minded" about pursuing technology "so we can make sure we can continue to deliver a great experience our customers,” said Thomas Fraser, First Federal's president and CEO. “Why can’t a group of 10 community banks figure out how to make investments in an innovative platform down the road?” he said. “Or a group of banks being part of a development fund to steer a variety of tech initiatives?” Prime spot "Having a seat at the table and access to fintech solutions is certainly a benefit to us," says Thomas Fraser, president and CEO of First Federal Lakewood, about its decision to team up with larger banks on a startup accelerator. Indeed, increased collaboration among community banks is a “logical next step” in the advancement of technology in the industry, said Christine Barry, senior analyst with Aite Group. “You see this more commonly in the credit union industry, with things like a shared branch network and shared technology,” she said. “It makes perfect sense for community banks, and I’m surprised they haven’t been doing it sooner.” Barry expects to see more cooperation between community banks as a strategy to compete against larger banks. “It’s kind of an us-against-them mentality,” she said. With the accelerator, First Federal is teaming up with larger banks. Its partners in the accelerator include Fifth Third Bancorp, Huntington Bancshares, KeyCorp and the insurer Progressive. JPMorgan Chase and Silicon Valley Bank are also part of the initiative. Fraser said the bank’s participation in the fintech accelerator is in part to help spur economic growth in the state and is “part of our role as a bank in fostering local communities economically.” Still, it is a prime chance to give fintechs a place to test their technology with an eye toward bringing it formally into the bank. “Having a seat at the table and access to fintech solutions is certainly a benefit to us,” Fraser said. “For ideas that fit into our business model, we can be in a position to deploy those solutions rapidly.” Fraser says regulators are becoming more open to collaboration between banks and “looking at how we can use existing rules to help banks work together.” Community banks should be at the forefront, Fraser said. “Look at what some of the larger banks are doing with Zelle,” he said. “There’s no reason why smaller banks can’t band together. Forty years ago, the payments system was built by banks in regional areas on a small scale, and then connected by nodes over time. The lesson from the past is banks can work together on innovation.” The investment in Numerated was another chance for First Federal to improve its offerings. “We saw great value in the technology, how they were using the data to deliver credit decisions,” Fraser said. “And we liked that they also had mutual-bank roots.” Fraser said First Federal was familiar with Eastern Bank, as executives from the two institutions would see each other "at various industry events. We had a good networking relationship.” After realizing how well the Numerated technology was working at Eastern, First Federal decided to become an investor when Eastern spun it out and licensed the technology for its own use. Fraser said the technology will help the bank compete against the customer experience offered by “the high-priced, nonbank solutions.” While First Federal’s moves will certainly give it a front row to some shiny new innovations, Fraser said the bank will stay focused on products that stand to benefit its core services. “Small-business lending is a big area for us, and we want those customers to have a great experience,” he said. “We look for what is a good cultural fit.” Areas the bank is considering for tech investment and partnership in the future include payments and mortgage lending, Fraser said. Expect other community bankers to go down the tech path together, says Frank Sorrentino, CEO of ConnectOne Bank in Englewood Cliffs, N.J., another tech-savvy community bank. (Sorrentino, however, declined to say what collaborations ConnectOne has in the works.) “You’re going to continue to see a pooling of resources" as community banks share the cost of technology, he said. “Or you’ll see a series of community banks come together with a technology partner to solve a particular issue.” Article The mortgage search goes digital Search habits and online lenders are forcing loan officers to step up their digital game to compete. Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Mortgages May 19 Bryan Yurcan Yurcan a senior writer with American Banker, with a focus on financial technology. More from this Author Savings app maker Long Game raises $4M USAA wants banks to pay it for remote deposit capture Can vendors bridge gap between legacy tech and open banking? Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Menu Home  News Local National World Politics Entertainment Sports Business Health News Tip Hotline KBNW News Team Police Scanner Weather Bend Redmond Prineville Madras Sisters Sunriver La Pine Powell Butte Culver Terrebonne Warm Springs Traffic Central Oregon Mountain Passes Road Reports Trip Check Eye on Bend Gas Prices Closures and Delays Stations KQAK-FM The Peak 104.1 95.7 FM KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM Events Upcoming Submit An Event About MCO Contact Advertise Careers Media Kit KBNW News Team Radio Stations HBG Contest Rules Banking losses lead stocks lower Wednesday echoevg/iStock/Thinkstock(NEW YORK) — U.S. stocks closed on Wednesday led by declines in banking stock. The Dow Jones Industrial Average slid 20.82 (-0.10 percent) to finish at 21,008.65. The Nasdaq gave up 4.67 (-0.08 percent) to close at 6,198.52 while the S&P 500 finished at 2,411, down 1.11 (-0.05 percent) from its open. Crude oil was about 1 percent lower with prices at $48.64 per barrel. Banking Bust: Top executives from JPMorgan Chase and Bank of American said that trading revenues were declining this quarter as markets remain calm. J.P. Morgan Chase sank 2.1 percent while Bank of American fell 1.9 percent. Climate Change Concerns: Investors are keeping their eye on whether President Trump will withdrawal the U.S. from the Paris climate accord. The president says pulling out would be a victory for the U.S. economy, while some economists have their doubts, as they say it will create about as many renewable energy jobs as it might cost polluting industries. They also worry it might risk the U.S. losing the chance of leading the world developing environmentally friendly technology. Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved. Search: Central Oregon Weather Central Oregon Traffic Facebook Twitter EYE ON BEND Recent Posts ISIS claims responsibility for deadly Manila attack Posted June 2, 2017 | World News|No Comments | | Basilio H. Sepe/Getty Images(MANILA, Philippines) — ISIS has claimed responsibility for Thursday’s deadly attack at the Resorts World Manila in the Philippines that killed at least 35. ISIS, which made the claim through its Amaq news service, Continue Reading » News Local/Central Oregon News Tip Hotline Police Scanner National/World National News World News Politics Entertainment Business Sports Health Radio Stations 105.7 KQAK THE PEAK 104.1 95.7 FM News Radio KBNW-AM/FM KRCO-AM/FM On Demand Podcasts Listen Live Air Personalities Dave Clemens Kendall Kit Mann Lisa Carton Connect Contact Advertise Facebook Twitter Help Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO Report ©2017 MyCentralOregon.com | Powered by WPB™. Served by InterTech Media LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Extra Space Storage (EXR) Earns Media Sentiment Score of 0.41 MFA Financial (MFA) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.44 Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Celadon Group (CGI) Stock Price Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows Entertainment Gaming Asia (EGT) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.43 Invesco Quality Municipal Income Trust (IQI) Receives Daily News Impact Score of 0.44 Prima BioMed (PBMD) Given Media Impact Rating of 0.44 Analysts Expect Rice Energy Inc (RICE) Will Post Quarterly Sales of $348.35 Million First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) Upgraded by Wells Fargo & Co to Outperform Insider Selling: Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Insider Sells 7,582 Shares of Stock Dominic Taylor Sells 8,656 Shares of Paypoint plc (PAY) Stock Insider Buying: America's Car-Mart, Inc. (CRMT) Major Shareholder Purchases 24,607 Shares of Stock Thomas J. Lynch Sells 131,875 Shares of TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Stock Old Second Bancorp Inc. (OSBC) CFO Bradley S. Adams Acquires 41,800 Shares Service Co. International (SCI) Director Edward E. Williams Sells 10,000 Shares Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Trina Solar Limited (TSL) Share Price Flotek Industries (FTK) Getting Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows WhiteWave Foods Co (WWAV) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Banco Macro SA (BMA) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows JPMorgan Chase & Co. Buys 489,349 Shares of Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media stories about Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) have been trending positive recently, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies positive and negative news coverage by reviewing more than twenty million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals earned a news impact score of 0.44 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave press coverage about the biotechnology company an impact score of 16 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted Alpha One’s analysis: Ironwood Pharmaceuticals to Present at the Jefferies Healthcare Conference (finance.yahoo.com) Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) Medicaid a target for cuts despite assurance (ismboard.com) Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Short Interest Down 8.4% in May (americanbankingnews.com) IRWD has been the topic of several recent research reports. Wedbush reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $13.00 price target on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price target on the stock. Cowen and Company set a $20.00 price target on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 13th. Mizuho reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $21.00 price target on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $21.00 price target on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $18.20. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ IRWD) traded up 0.33% during trading on Friday, reaching $18.10. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 233,354 shares. The stock’s market cap is $2.69 billion. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals has a 52-week low of $12.03 and a 52-week high of $19.39. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $17.02 and a 200-day moving average price of $16.35. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) last released its quarterly earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.33) EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.19) by $0.14. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 34.29% and a negative return on equity of 94.17%. The company had revenue of $52.16 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $69.39 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted ($0.08) EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 21.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts expect that Ironwood Pharmaceuticals will post ($0.89) earnings per share for the current year. In other Ironwood Pharmaceuticals news, insider Thomas A. Mccourt sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $18.20, for a total value of $546,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 30,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $546,000. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Insiders own 7.17% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Getting Favorable News Coverage, Report Shows” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/ironwood-pharmaceuticals-irwd-getting-favorable-news-coverage-report-shows.html. About Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is advancing product opportunities in areas of unmet need, including irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS C), and chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC), hyperuricemia associated with uncontrolled gout, uncontrolled gastroesophageal reflux disease (uncontrolled GERD), and vascular and fibrotic diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES ENERGY June 3, 2017 | Last updated 15 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Ramadan 2017 War of 1967 UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Business Podcast Data Gold Rate Sectors Aviation Economy Property Money Visas Analysis Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Wall Street has more bad news for Opec: 2018 doesn’t look great Oil futures have lost 8% since Opec agreed on May 25 to keep output constrained Published: 19:31 June 2, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE LONDON: As oil prices sag despite Opec’s renewed efforts to shore up world crude markets, Wall Street banks have more bad news for the producer group: the outlook for next year isn’t great either. Oil futures have lost 8 per cent since the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies agreed on May 25 to keep output constrained through the first quarter of 2018 in a bid to clear a global glut. While Goldman Sachs Group Inc expects their strategy to ultimately succeed, they warn the surplus may re-appear once the curbs end. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. say the group will have little choice but to stick with the cuts even longer. Resurgent supplies from US shale drillers and fading growth in fuel demand mean that world oil markets could face another overhang next year, the banks predict. That means Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two biggest producers in the 24-nation coalition, may need to deliver on their promise to do “whatever it takes” to restore equilibrium. “If Opec wants to keep the market balanced next year, they will probably need to extend the production cut to all of 2018,” Martijn Rats, managing director at Morgan Stanley in London, said by email. “Demand growth has slowed somewhat recently, and with US production growing strongly, there doesn’t seem to be much room for Opec production to grow in 2018.” Slow Recovery Production cuts are taking longer than expected to eliminate the surplus as US shale drillers boost production with surprising speed. American oil explorers, having learnt to operate more efficiently during a two-year market slump, have restored almost all the output lost during the downturn. As a result, the market may be unable to absorb the return of production halted by Opec and its partners when their pact ends in April. “The market isn’t able to see how Opec exits production cuts without creating huge surpluses in 2018,” said Jeff Currie, head of commodities research at Goldman Sachs in New York. “We see risks for a renewed surplus later next year if Opec and Russia’s production rises to their expanded capacity and shale grows at an unbridled rate.” Still, even if a surplus re-emerges in 2018, Opec’s current efforts to deplete stockpiles will make their task of managing it easier, according to Citigroup Inc. While shale’s recovery means next year’s supply situation “looks weighty,” Opec’s output cuts now mean that if inventories accumulate again, it would be from a lower level, said Ed Morse, head of commodities research at Citigroup in New York. Those increases in inventories may nonetheless prove substantial enough to prevent prices gaining, said David Martin, an analyst at JPMorgan, who slashed his 2018 forecast for Brent crude by $10 a barrel to $45 on May 25. Brent traded near $49 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange in London on Friday. Even if Opec extends their output accord for all of next year, it may only succeed in stopping further stockpile increases, he said. “Opec may be shackled to its deal for a long time,” said Martin. tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNRussia follow this tag on MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGNOrganization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsEnergy tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNRussia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNSaudi Arabia follow this tag on MGN+ MGNOrganization of Petroleum-Exporting Countries follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2017-05-26 01:10:13 UAE PETROL AND DIESEL PRICES Month ViewChart View Retail Prices(AED/LTR) Unleaded Petrol Super 98 NEW(AED/LTR)2.2 Change+22% Unleaded Petrol Special 95 NEW(AED/LTR)2.23 Change+23% Petrol E Plus 91 NEW(AED/LTR)2.23 Change+23% Diesel NEW(AED/LTR)3 Change-23% Retail Prices(AED/Litre) Petrol Super 98 Petrol Special 95 Petrol E Plus 91 Diesel Click here to return How much did you pay last month for your fuel? UNLEADED PETROL SUPER 98UNLEADED PETROL SPECIAL 95UNLEADED PETROL E PLUS 91DIESEL Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee TheNumber 4.74 China's oil imports from Saudi Arabia in million tonnes, up from August’s 3.944m tonnes Close Recommended For You It’s all in the starsPUBLISHED ON Jun 02, 2017 Herder’s daughter to UN deputy chiefPUBLISHED ON Jun 02, 2017 Online apps to report Sharjah violationsPUBLISHED ON Jun 02, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Steve Brown Plano officially opens Legacy West urban village: 'Welcome to the center of the universe' Filed under Real Estate at 13 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now More than three years after the groundbreaking, developers formally opened Plano's $3 billion Legacy West development on Friday. The ribbon cutting at the project's centerpiece urban village is a milestone for one of North Texas' most ambitious real estate endeavors. "This project took an army to develop," said Legacy West's Fehmi Karahan. "A project like this one has consumed me - night and day, seven days a week for about three years." Developed by Karahan, KDC and Columbus Realty Partners, Legacy West is located on the Dallas North Tollway and State Highway 121. Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano The project was built on 250 acres of surplus land surrounding retailer J.C. Penney's headquarters. This weekend's celebration is to debut the Legacy West Urban Village, which has more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants, about 300,000 square feet of office space, more than 1,000 apartments and a high-rise hotel. The retail and restaurant center and most of the office space is already rented. Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere, right, Secretary of State Rolando Pablos, and developer Fehmi Karahan cut the ribbon during the grand opening ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Scissors sit on the stage during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan embraces Robert Shaw during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Roger Staubach listens to a speaker during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan, right, embraces Plano Mayor Harry LaRosiliere during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Developer Fehmi Karahan speaks during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Justin Juarez, a member of the Plano Symphony Orchestra plays during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Audience members clap during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Instruments lay at the feet Plano Symphony Orchestra members during a ribbon cutting ceremony at Legacy West in Plano, Texas on Friday, Jun 2, 2017. (Ryan Michalesko/The Dallas Morning News) (Ryan Michalesko/Staff Photographer) Restaurants in Legacy West include Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, Fogo de Chao, Mesero, Shake Shack, Taverna, True Food Kitchen and Toulouse. Legacy West's retailers include Bonobos, Coach, Fabletics, Filson, Johnny Was, Peter Millar, Pockets Menswear, Suitsupply, Tesla, Tommy Bahama, TUMI, and West Elm. "You can make great projects, but if you don't lease it doesn't work," Karahan said. "On the office leasing, we've been attracting some of the best names in the country." Aerospace giant Boeing recently announced plans to locate a new division headquarters in the Legacy West Urban Village. And Toyota has just started moving the first of thousands of workers into its new North American headquarters located just up the street. Liberty Mutual Insurance and JPMorgan Chase will start moving thousands more employees into Legacy West late this year. Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup More than 20,000 people will soon work in the development. "Welcome to the center of the universe," said Plano's mayor Harry LaRosiliere. "What makes this special is the sense of place created. "Anybody can build strip shopping centers," LaRosiliere said. "Only Fehmi Karahan can building Legacy West." Karahan developed Legacy West after having great success with the Shops at Legacy retail center he built on the east side of the tollway at Legacy Drive. "I had this dream to someday build something across the street," Karahan said. After petitioning Penney for years to develop its vacant land, the team of Karahan Cos., KDC and Columbus Realty were picked from a field of competing developers in early 2014. Just three months later in April of 2014 Toyota stunned the market when it announced it would build its new headquarters in Legacy West - joining FedEx Office as the first major companies in the mixed-use project. After Toyota's announcement, Legacy West took off. What was supposed to be a 10-year project is almost out of land and is recognized as one of the most successful such projects in the country. Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights "I'm proud to be involved in the partnership building this project," said Roger Staubach, the former Dallas Cowboys' star quarterback and a partner in Legacy West's apartments. "Legacy West is going to be outstanding. "People who live in the apartments are going to be able to walk to the finest retail experience in the Dallas area." Designed by architect Gensler, the $400 million Legacy West Urban Village was financed by JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America. Invesco Real Estate is a financial partner in the development. This weekend's grand opening events for the Legacy West Urban Village include live entertainment and drink tastings. Some of the retailers will be offering store discounts. Legacy West Urban Village includes more than 300,000 square feet of shops and restaurants and hundreds of new apartments. (Steve Brown) Three years ago the Legacy West Urban Village site was just a vacant field on the Dallas North Tollway. (Steve Brown) In this Collection... Everything you need to know about Plano's Legacy West development Dallas' Sam Moon family switches orbits, from handbags to a Legacy West hotel in Plano Plano's Legacy West adds Madewell, J. Crew, M.A.C and Levi's to store lineup Plano's Legacy West celebrates grand opening with free bites and more delights See all 30 Stories View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Plano Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. 6 articles left Get Unlimited Digital Access Subscribe Now Already a subscriber?Or Login Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad British shares near records on week before general election By Reuters Published: 12:59 EDT, 2 June 2017 | Updated: 12:59 EDT, 2 June 2017 e-mail By Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni LONDON, June 2 (Reuters) - British shares climbed to fresh all-time peaks on Friday but pared most of their gains following disappointing jobs growth data in the U.S. that weighed on global equities. The FTSE 100 index of top UK blue chips rose 0.05 percent, off a peak of 7,598.99 points hit earlier in the day, while the domestically focused mid cap FTSE 250 index inched down 0.04 percent, reversing earlier gains. Britain holds a general election next Thursday that is likely to have an impact on how the country tackles talks on its exit from the European Union. "Clearly the upcoming election is a short term focus for the market, but the UK market is very international in its make-up ... and therefore insulated from domestic politics," said JPMorgan portfolio manager James Illsley. "As we have seen through the referendum last year, sterling will act as a natural shock absorber for the market - if the domestic outlook weakens or the political landscape becomes more challenged, sterling weakens thereby boosting the sterling value of those overseas earnings to domestic investors," he added. Some opinion polls point to a tighter-than-expected race, with the Conservative Party of Prime Minister Theresa May seeing its lead over the opposition Labour party dwindling. Consumer staples were the biggest boost to the FTSE, adding 10 points to the index with British American Tobacco and Unilever both up more than 1 percent. While the broader market was weighed down by the lackluster U.S. jobs data, gold prices rose near a six-week peak as the figures lowered expectations for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates this year. That in turn boosted shares in precious metal miners Randgold and Fresnillo to the top of the FTSE with gains of 4 and 3.8 percent respectively. Energy stocks, however, weighed with oil major BP down 1.5 percent as Brent crude tumbled on worries that U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to abandon a climate pact could spark more crude drilling, worsening a global glut. Acacia Mining was a top mid-cap gainer, up 2.1 percent, after it maintained its full-year production guidance. The stock has lost a third of its value after a Tanzanian government investigation report found last month that the miner had under-declared precious metals in its exports. An upgrade to 'outperform' from Credit Suisse boosted Kaz Minerals by 1.3 percent. "Debt levels are high but, given the strong operational performance, new debt facilities raised, reduced project capex and the around $1.1 billion cash buffer, we see limited risk of a funding gap," said analysts at the Swiss bank. But B&amp;M European Value Retail fell 2.5 percent after major shareholders SSA Investments and CD&amp;R sold a combined 12.5 percent of the company. (Reporting by Helen Reid and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Andrew Bolton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Ariana Grande embraces survivors of her bombed gig as she brings presents to Manchester Children's Hospital in a heart-warming surprise visit Tarmac titillation! Taylor Swift appears to get handsy with new beau Joe Alwyn next to her private jet in LA 'I can see her bikini wax!': Now Alesha Dixon leaves viewers outraged with her BGT dress... as defiant Amanda Holden dons ANOTHER plunging gown PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Danielle Lloyd uses a wheelchair on family holiday as she battles extreme pelvic pain condition... as she reveals she's rushed herself to hospital Lateysha Grace shows off her ample derriere in electric blue bikini during sun-soaked holiday in Ibiza... after having FOUR fat transfer operations From how long to wait before meeting to picking the perfect picture (and when to bow out): How to REALLY succeed at online dating... as told by the expert!   SPONSORED 'I was hoping the storyline would finish': Coronation Street fans are left 'heartbroken' as Bethany Platt pledges her love to Nathan after he is arrested on child exploitation charges  'I couldn't look at myself in the mirror if I did nothing': Simon Cowell 'to fund' £78,000 life-changing spine surgery for teen BGT dancer Julia Carlile 'We are not f**king scared': Robbie Williams breaks down in tears as he dedicates performance to Manchester terror attack victims  'If you're going to mime at least move your lips': Former X Factor stars 5 After Midnight are accused of lipsyncing as they perform debut track on BGT  Curves ahead! Hilary Duff shows off her bountiful backside as she shares a laugh on set with leggy Sutton Foster Cuter couture! Orlando Bloom proudly rocks adorable T-shirt designed by his six-year-old son Flynn A designer who works only for him Ciao bella! Blogger Natasha Oakley flaunts her ample cleavage in a bikini as she soaks up the sun on lavish Italian getaway Back so soon? Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi returns to Instagram just NINE hours after vowing to quit social media Touchdown! Olivia Culpo and NFL star boyfriend Danny Amendola coordinate in red for charity football game 'Those are the children you raised': Kendall Jenner sounds off on father Caitlyn 'dissing the Kardashians' in her tell-all memoir Blasts autobiography 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'It is going to be the sexiest Love Island EVER': Caroline Flack promises steamy scenes are on the cards for the ITV2 show...after THAT 2016 raunchy bedroom romp Busty Ex On The Beach star Kayleigh Morris and Louie Spence's Dreamboy nephew Lotan Carter lead the new batch of Big Brother housemates 'I'm not against people owning guns': Kim Kardashian talks tighter laws in honor of National Gun Violence Awareness Day Impassioned piece TOWIE's Jamie Reed cosies up to stunning girlfriend Jade Lewis as she puts on a sizzling display in plunging silk mini-dress at mental health awareness gala Pregnant Charlotte Church shows off her blossoming baby bump in a tasselled top as she puts on energetic performance in glittering hot pants at Hull Festival 'She's gone into serious detail': Kylie Minogue 'to spill the beans' on Joshua Sasse split in new album... after music helped her through 'very tough time' The Missing People Choir make the BGT finals after leaving Amanda Holden in tears with their heartbreaking performance  Moving Lena Dunham carries a walker into her apartment as she continues to recover from the complications of endometriosis surgery It's only crock 'n' roll! Youngest Stone is 70 (and now they all need support acts!)  They all needed a guiding arm as they left Wood's bash Gary Barlow lights up the stage with Take That in Birmingham... amid claims band are reuniting with Robbie Williams for special performance at Manchester benefit concert Hello sunshine! Gigi Hadid gives just a peek at her toned tum in form-fitting bright yellow two-piece number She's used to having all eyes on her Tom Daley, 23, pens second cookbook and launches cookery site to emulate naked chef's success  The 23-year-old wants to emulate Jamie Oliver Izabel Goulart shows off her incredible abs and pert posterior in nautical thong bikini as she enjoys Ibiza beach holiday with footballer beau Kevin Trapp Right on the Munn-ey! Braless Olivia stuns in Daisy Dukes as she puts on leggy display in lace up gladiator heels Pretty as a petal! Maggie Gyllenhaal dons chic floral jacket and trouser combination at New York premiere of The Deuce t. 'My manhood is worth £12million': New Big Brother contestant Lotan Carter took out penis insurance 'to protect his most valuable asset' Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend Head over heels On the floor! Jennifer Lopez, 47, gets a hand up from her backing dancers after bending a little TOO far during Vegas show Going overboard Bikini-clad Coleen Rooney shows off her stunning frame while raising a glass on Barbados break... as husband Wayne meets a delighted fan nearby 'I didn't want a number': Tom Cruise reveals Top Gun sequel will be called Top Gun: Maverick Pippa's £120,000 Moneymoon: Newlywed's five-star holiday featuring  £250 lunch, designer bikinis galore and a 15-minute flight costing £500  Jesy Nelson teases her leg tattoo in just a thigh-skimming T-shirt... ahead of Little Mix's performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester benefit concert Twenty years after childhood classic Matilda premiered we reveal where the child stars are now... and they're COMPLETELY unrecognisable Justin Bieber touches his nipples after hugging a mystery bikini girl by a swimming pool in New York What's he trying to suggest? 'What's the big deal? Simon Cowell's always showing his moobs!': David Walliams defends Amanda's dress... as BGT outfit sparks Ofcom complaints Her own best advertisement! Khloe Kardashian strikes a pose to model her newest Good American jeans Cheeky Beauty conscious Amy Childs sports hair in rollers as she takes newborn Polly for a day out... after admitting she had a blow dry 'mid-labour' Sofia Vergara cuts a casual figure in off-the-shoulder top and ripped jeans while shopping in LA The 44-year-old star looked casual cool  'They've flown cases of tequila to an amazing villa': Kim Kardashian 'joins husband Kanye West in the Bahamas for his lavish 40th birthday party' Chris Cornell's toxicology report shows he had a cocktail of strong sedatives and four Ativan pills in his system when he killed himself Dill-igent mama to be! Pregnant Heidi Montag chomps down on a pickle to satisfy her cravings in middle of grocery store Tallia Storm embraces a more sophisticated look in a ruffled jumpsuit with a low-cut neckline as she attends charity ball in style Elegant  Soldiering on! Gwyneth Paltrow steps out still on her medical boot as she chats with a pal in Santa Monica Seen with a laptop-carrying female friend Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? Entertainer's name dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages EXCLUSIVE: Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves enjoys passionate smooch with personal trainer Danni Levy... as he reveals his extreme 'pineapple and nuts' diet Busty Pamela Anderson shows off her tiny waist and lean legs in a cream bardot dress as she steps out in St Tropez Famed for her curves Pregnant Serena Williams showcases her blossoming bump in blue satin kimono as she enjoys a tennis match from the sidelines PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jessica Wright flashes a hint of underboob and flaunts her toned abs as she takes a dip in the sea with her personal trainer in Dubai My toyboy ex-lover is dead and I'm racked with grief This week BEL MOONEY advises Diana, who is heartbroken after her former lover's death Adriana Lima emphasizes her pins in colorful leggings... after diamond ring Instagram declaring 'I AM MARRIED TO ME' Very chiseled legs Sadie Frost cuts an elegant figure in a green silk gown alongside boyfriend Darren Strowger at Epsom races... after sparking split speculation following VERY public row Charli XCX flashes her toned stomach in crop top as she puts on a leggy display in tiny shorts during New York City concert She took centre stage Make-up free Lisa Snowdon, 45, goes NAKED as she strips off for steamy bathtub photograph The radio personality, 45, left little to imagination Working up a sweat! Bella Thorne is seen with rumored on-again actor beau Gregg Sulkin at his soccer game They both wore a sheepish look Beaming Lily Collins looks every inch the gym bunny as she leaves workout in skin-tight leggings and khaki coat Sporty Glamorous Elisabetta Canalis keeps it casual in t-shirt and jeans as she dotes over daughter Skyler during lunch outing Family time Kathy Griffin breaks down in tears claiming Trump family ruined her life - as her lawyer scoffs at report Barron was upset over severed head video 'I live for donuts!' Hunger Games star Liam Hemsworth gets VERY excited while driving dirt bike around in circles Legs for days! Abbey Clancy flashes her pert bottom in a black bikini on a seaside getaway after completing her work on Britain's Next Top Model Katy Perry looks chic in purple leather dress as she promotes new album in Paris... ahead of performance at Ariana Grande's Manchester concert Kendall Jenner looks runway ready in coordinating striped top and wide leg pants for a day out in New York The Adidas ambassador opted for a chic outfit 'She was full on NAKED!' Horrified Nick Grimshaw reveals Rita Ora WEED in a bin in front of him at Radio 1's Big Weekend... (and he had to clean it up!) Meet Monsieur Toilette! Deleted scene from live-action Beauty and the Beast reveals movie was meant to feature a feisty talking TOILET character Has Barrymore's bid to salvage his reputation blown up in his face? How his name has been dragged through mud AGAIN as he demands £2.4m damages over the pool party death arrest  'Dog walkers on deck!' Kendall Jenner's Mew joins Mariah Carey's Cha Cha and Chloe Grace Moretz's Pearl in Wag club Birds of a feather flock together No clashes here! Vanessa Williams glows while joined by Daytime Divas co-stars during Nasdaq MarketSite event Bold and bright Ready for The Weeknd! Selena Gomez shows off her toned stomach in a crop top as she jets off to see her boyfriend  She's said to be 'head over heels'  Patron saint of fashion! Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer becomes Moschino designer Jeremy Scott's latest muse   Styled by Moschino Double denim diva! Jessica Biel channels one of her husband Justin Timberlake's most famous looks from his Britney Spears days Dawn of justice! Gal Gadot steps out of New York hotel make-up free as her film Wonder Woman is expected to take US box office by storm Victoria's Secret Angel Izabel Goulart sizzles in barely-there bikini as she puts on a VERY steamy display with footballer beau Kevin Trapp on Ibiza yacht trip Still a Pretty Woman! Evergreen Julia Roberts stuns as she goes casual cool in bomber jacket over blouse for Malibu photoshoot Locks cascading down Looks familiar! Victoria's Secret beauty Romee Strijd recreates Kendall Jenner's Marc Jacobs look for NYC photoshoot Usually in underwear Girls night out: Lisa Rinna and Harry Hamlin's stylish daughters Delilah and Amelia step out in eye-catching outfits in Los Angeles Back to family life! Kourtney Kardashian takes Mason and Penelope to the movies after living it up at the Cannes Film Festival Twinning is winning! Coco Austin puts her daughter Chanel in a matching T-shirt... as the tot has a CC logo on her back She sure is winning SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's David Platt joins Shona Ramsey in hunt for groomed niece Bethany after gang rape scene Good heavens! Victoria's Secret Angel Alessandra Ambrosio goes BRALESS at shoe launch... as she hangs out with Kylie Minogue's ex Andres Velencoso Sealed with a kiss! Joey Essex puckers up with bikini-clad girlfriend Georgie Purves as the pair enjoy lunch at an Ibiza beach bar All that's missing is a yacht! Mad Men vet January Jones pulls off nautical look at Inspiration Awards... after trashing Donald Trump on Instagram 'He nearly weed in my mouth!' Kieron Richardson reveals perils of fatherhood... as he reveals he chose the names of newborn twins Chase and Phoebe in a chicken restaurant 'Gym selfie - because fat people don't work out, right?' Size 22 model Tess Holliday hits back at body-shamers by sharing a photo of herself ready for a workout Good enough to eat! Padma Lakshmi looks delectable in crocheted swimsuit on the cover of Beach magazine Looked as delectable as her own dishes 'It sucks': Jon Hamm talks Jennifer Westfeldt split as he admits he may be a 'narcissist' and is 'damaged'... after 'flirting' with Kate Beckinsale Singer Brandy taken to hospital after 'falling unconscious on Delta flight' as plane was about to take off in LA The hit maker was flying to New York City  Just an ordinary girl! Drew Barrymore puts her make-up on in the subway carriage window Not with the entourage you expect of A-listers Is Carey Mulligan pregnant? Star displays rounded bump as she dines at London restaurant with husband Marcus Mumford ABS-olutely fabulous! Karrueche Tran flaunts her midriff in vintage crop top with ripped jeans for lunch outing Stepped out for lunch at Mauro's restaurant Summer chic! Elle Fanning delights in white strapless dress as she steps out with mystery man in NYC She still lives with her parents A new romance? Kate Beckinsale and Jon Hamm were 'flirting' and 'inseparable' at LA screening for his new movie Baby Driver Lunch to go! Katie Holmes picks up takeout in LA.... hours before Jamie Foxx is seen across town Keeping their romance out of the spotlight 'They've brought a whole new energy with them': Sarah Jayne Dunn reunites with screen boyfriend Gary Lucy as she returns to Hollyoaks after six-year absence Electra-fying! Carmen, 45, sizzles in plunging cocktail dress as she parties the night away at Hollywood hotspot Skintight crimson cocktail dress  Heavily-pregnant Binky Felstead displays her growing baby bump in breezy maxi dress as she greets a pal over lunch with boyfriend Josh 'JP' Patterson 'Get her Ofcom!' TV watchdogs assess Amanda Holden's plunging gown that outraged BGT viewers after it receives MORE complaints than Corrie's gang rape episode The men in her life! Single Chloe Grace Moretz sports a vintage Rolling Stone shirt as she strolls with two of her brothers in New York City 'Wedding vibes!' Kate Wright wears a low-cut dress and gets into the celebratory spirit at a friend's nuptials... as her supposed romance with Rio Ferdinand continues 'Why move?!' Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her bump in a bikini as she makes the most of her Thai vacation Baby-moon continued on Friday Mischa Barton looks fashion forward as she steps out in a pink silk dress at the Executor premiere... following her sex tape battle  Looked stunning Family time! Katherine Heigl shares sweet snaps of herself and baby son taken over his first six months as she vows to not to miss a moment together Dirty Baby! Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose looks bootylicious as she steps out in a slogan crop top 'You see young soldiers permanently damaged... it's very sobering': Brad Pitt says he made War Machine to remind people of the ravages of war What an improvement! Kim Zolciak shows son Kash's healing face just six weeks after he was mauled by a dog Smiling happily Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke hits back at 'divisive and patronising' campaign to stop the band playing in Israel, calling it a 'waste of energy' Melanie Sykes, 46, showcases her rock hard stomach in a sizzling mirror snap... after proving that she's always had the same gym-honed physique Missing People Choir sing their hearts out as they rehearse for Britain's Got Talent semi-final... after Simon Cowell tipped the group for victory  'You are labelled as loose!' Scarlett Johansson says it shouldn't be 'taboo' for women to talk about enjoying sex Klass-y lady: Myleene dresses for summer in a blush pink lace midi dress and wedge heels as she arrives at Smooth Radio Fabulous physique Sean Penn was 'bumped from ECONOMY to FIRST CLASS' after a fellow passenger on a Delta flight was 'rude' about star's carry-on bags 'I wanted to turn my divorce into a positive': Gwyneth Paltrow FINALLY explains why she used 'dorky' term 'conscious uncoupling' for Chris Martin split She's having a boy! Heavily pregnant Lauren Conrad announces she's having a son with cute Instagram post Shared a photo of a card that said 'It's a guy' Ariana Grande arrives at Stansted ahead of Sunday's benefit concert for victims of the Manchester suicide attack  Beaming Alexa Chung turns rock chick in racy leather biker dress with zip-detail as she flaunts her endless legs during Paris outing The Dowager would approve! Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville looks suitably dapper as he joins glam wife at Epsom racecourse Ivanka Trump sports a bold lipstick and a short monochrome dress to face soaring temperatures in D.C. Knock knock! Casey Batchelor gets caught answering her front door in nothing but busty lingerie and a sexy silk robe Don't take your eye off the ball! Rihanna flashes her cleavage in plunging top as she heckles Golden State Warriors player Kevin Durant during NBA Finals Chris Clark and Amber Dowding put on a defiant front as they smooch at birthday meal... after the TOWIE star admitted the REAL reason behind his split from Jesy Nelson  Looks like hard work! Emily Ratajkowski sports a bandage on her foot and plaster on her knee as she films new scenes for thriller Welcome Home in Italy Prom time! Teresa Giudice glows as her eldest daughter Gia, 16, looks pretty for high school dance... as dad Joe sits in prison So long, Chicago! Sophia Bush goes incognito as she wears sunglasses at the airport after quitting hit show Still looked stunning EXCLUSIVE Springsteen as you've never seen him before: Photographer who documented artist's life for 40 years releases behind the scenes shots Smiling Selma Blair shows off her freshly dyed hair during walk in LA... a week after letting her natural colour shine through Star studded sunnies! FEMAIL chats with Jeremy Piven about his under sunglasses collection with Jamie Foxx, Hailee Steinfeld and Ashley Benson Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn steals limelight at wrap party... as Nathan Henry and beau Craig Richards show off romance on show for the first time Ex-Geordie Shore star Chantelle Connelly and Love Island's Katie Salmon flaunt their ample assets as they go TOPLESS while hitting beach in Ibiza 'We are not here to talk about that!' Caroline Flack refuses to answer questions about her alleged new boyfriend in Love Island interview live from the new villa 'Look how cute you are!' Beth Ditto flirts up a storm with Rochelle Humes during TV interview... and forgets that it's her wedding anniversary with wife Arnold Schwarzenegger leads celebrities in Trump climate change protest as JK Rowling says he's living on another planet  Lucy Fallon recalls the moment tearful sexual abuse survivor praised her Corrie grooming storyline as she laid flowers for victims of Manchester bombing Has Coronation Street gone too far? Fans left 'physically sick' by Bethany Platt's gang rape scene as they report grooming storyline to Ofcom Ellie Goulding puts on a VERY busty display in sizzling bikini selfie... after performing at charity fundraiser Actress Tina Hobley bemoans the 'extraordinary' lack of female radio presenters as she reveals the joys of hosting her own drive time show Something boring you? Bella Thorne, 19, leaves a sweaty gym session with her sister Dani, 24... but the pair are glued to their phones Kristen Stewart looks typically edgy in bomber jacket and jeans as she grabs a coffee with casually-clad girlfriend Stella Maxwell 'She started three families with three different people and f*****everyone over!' Kim Kardashian slams Caitlyn Jenner's book for 'scapegoating' Kris Irina Shayk beams as she's seen with baby daughter Lea de Seine for first time during LA stroll... as daddy Bradley Cooper shoots new movie nearby Paying the Price! Former glamour model Katie gets ANOTHER parking ticket slapped on her lavish £70,000 pink Range Rover 'How can you be 50 and think that?' The Chase fans left stunned by 'dim witted' answer from contestant who thought the Statue of Liberty was PINK Love Island's Olivia Buckland showcases her curves in a nude one piece at her swimwear launch... as she puts on a loved-up display with fiancé Alex Bowen Evan Rachel Wood debuts quirky ombre turquoise hair as she cuddles her son, 3, while arriving at LAX airport 'He's a lucky guy!' Lucy Mecklenburgh poses NAKED in Panama hotel... as eagle-eyed fans notice she's staying in same room as Ryan Thomas Ashley Graham exposes ample cleavage and a flash of her waist while grabbing lunch in olive green off-the-shoulder ensemble in Los Angeles And on the tenth day, there was rest for Lord Disick: Bleary-eyed Scott enjoys solo night out... after raucous week in Cannes surrounded by glam women SPOILER ALERT: The Taylor family are set to stir up trouble when they move to Albert Square... as EastEnders bosses tease an 'explosive' summer 'This is my girlfriend': Troubled Charlie Sheen introduces pretty blonde Jools as the pair celebrate his daughter's 12th birthday She should be in the Circus! Britney Spears shows off her flexibility as she partakes in a workout session in Japan Caring Brad Pitt treats the late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell's children to hot chocolate at Universal Studios Hollywood following his sudden death Bad Mrs Claus! Uma Thurman takes a cigarette break on set of her new movie The War With Grandpa while dressed in a Santa-inspired costume That's a far cry from Elm Street! Freddy Krueger icon Robert Englund, 69, hobbles with a cane after breaking his foot as he jets out of LA airport Tom Cruise reveals he did own zero-gravity stunt on The Mummy... as co-star Annabelle Wallis says it was 'incredible she didn't vomit on him' Natasha Hamilton cuts an edgy figure in flesh-flashing slashed jeans paired with plunging tee as she takes daughter Ella into London hotel Stalk much? Tyga likes a comment left by fan on obscure celeb Instagram account throwing shade at his ex Kylie Jenner No one's looking at your mouth! Kylie Jenner poses in black bra and undies while sprawled out on a white bed to promote new Lip Kit FIRST LOOK: Is this where the magic will happen? Love Island villa is revealed as new line-up hope to find romance... after THAT 2016 bedroom romp . 'I'm really p***ed off!' BGT fans are left outraged as Welsh choir change the lyrics of Jerusalem to sing 'Britain' instead of 'England' Pierce Brosnan and beloved wife Keely Shaye Smith look tanned and relaxed as they jet out of LAX following romantic Hawaii getaway  What happened to her face? Khloe Kardashian shows off much bigger nose as she poses without the contouring makeup she relies on Make-up free  She's got some front! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage as she dons thigh-skimming bodycon dress and black crop top for meeting in Beverly Hills MerseyGirls make the BGT finals after teen with scoliosis left Alesha Dixon in tears with routine... as it's revealed she needs £78,000 to fix her spine  Well she is Beyonce's mum! Tina Knowles, 63, shows off her fit figure in skintight Ivy Park workout gear Showed off her amazing figure Heath Ledger's family attend scholarship dinner honouring the late actor as Sydney actor walks away with the prize Heidi Klum, 43, hits the beach with shirtless beau Vito Schnabel, 30, in Mykonos... after revealing she has 'no problem with nudity' Beach break Star walks! Slim Natalie Portman looks full of spring cheer as she goes for a stroll with baby daughter in LA Flashed a huge smile as she enjoyed the sun The grand finale! Suited Justin Theroux attends special final episode screening of his hit series The Leftovers in New York City Sandra Bullock gives her son Louis an affectionate pat while strolling in Los Angeles Was in a very playful mood on Thursday Renee Zellweger wows in cleavage-baring little black dress as she's honored at Greenwich International Film Festival gala Belle of the ball Going hell for leather! Ashley Benson and Hailee Steinfeld coordinate in skirts and heels for sunglass launch in West Hollywood Bringing back the fanny pack! Kendall Jenner finishes off a shoulder-less romper with a Louis Vuitton bum bag as she heads to NYC 'Never even heard of her': Rob Kardashian denies dating reality star Mehgan James following Blac Chyna split Scarlet fever! Gigi Hadid rocks red dipped hair in powerful new Versace ad campaign New campaign features a host of other stars, including Taylor Hill, 21  Rebel Wilson's U.S. agent was baffled by lull in Hollywood star's career and expected her to get multimillion dollar offers after success of Pitch Perfect movie 'Follow Gregg cuz he doesn't post': Bella Thorne urges fans to check out her rekindled boyfriend Sulkin on Snapchat Olivia Newton-John and daughter Chloe Lattanzi in Sharknado 5... following Grease star's devastating breast cancer diagnosis Whip it real good! Leather-clad Hilary Duff plays a dominatrix in season four trailer for Younger which features guest star Kristin Chenoweth Tom Hughes played the charismatic, psychotic, rat-catcher/killer. But the woman he was stalking seemed just as unhinged in Paula Drug, girls and shepherd's pie! As the Rolling Stones, combined age of 292, go on tour AGAIN, we reveal untold stories from 55 years on road Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
sbryfdva Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 1? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 1? Email for new password What is 0 + 1? Home » FA Online » FA News » Bank Bonds That Are So 1980s Prove Windfall June 3, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Invest In Women 2017 Inside Retirement 2017 Morningstar Conference 2017 TD Ameritrade 2017 Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2017 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Bank Bonds That Are So 1980s Prove Windfall June 2, 2017 • Allison McNeely In a world where corporate bonds look expensive and it’s tough to find yield, one firm has been digging around in an overlooked corner of the bank bond market. Phil Mesman and his colleagues at Picton Mahoney Asset Management have been scooping up subordinated debt issued by the likes of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays Plc, and Credit Agricole SA in the 1980s and 1990s that is trading at a discount to face value. The goal is to get repaid early at a premium to the current price. This strategy, which began almost two years ago with a spreadsheet plotting the rather tiny universe of the asset class, has handed the firm’s funds returns of more than 20 percent, Mesman said. These legacy hybrid capital notes were originally issued to convert to equity in the event of a bank failure. They trade at a discount primarily because of the low coupon, which is based on a spread over the London interbank offered rate, and uncertainty around whether or not they will be repaid early, Mesman said. The bonds, which also have a liquidity discount, have a maturity of 25 years or longer in most cases, and some are perpetual bonds, he said. The bond covenants and structures are good for investors, because they make it difficult for a bank to convert the bonds to equity in the event it needs to shore up capital levels. Regulators have said that banks need to take out the bonds before Jan. 1, 2022, Mesman said, putting a deadline on opportunities in the trade. “It’s an incredible risk-reward,” Mesman, senior partner and portfolio manager, said by phone from Toronto. He manages more than C$700 million ($518 million) in fixed income of Picton’s C$6.8 billion of assets. “Typically they would be rated BB or higher-quality high-yield instruments, but the bank issuers are all investment grade.” Stamp Collecting Mesman estimates that his firm is one of only a few players in the $5 billion to $7 billion market, with most of the investors and dealers concentrated in Europe. The bonds represent about 30 percent of both Picton Mahoney’s main fund, the Fortified Income Fund, and the Income Opportunities Fund, as well as about 50 percent of the firm’s special-situations fund, he said. It’s a strategy that can only be pursued by knowledgeable investors who have flexibility with their investment horizon and don’t have to follow an index, Roger Francis, a credit analyst at Mizuho International Plc in London, said by phone. He said he’s heard the strategy compared to stamp collecting. “They’re rare and you find them in the back of drawers,” he said. “It’s a relatively small asset class.” The main risks with these old bank bonds is liquidity -- they’re difficult to trade in tough market conditions -- and that a bank will opt not to call or tender for them early, Francis said. The strategy hinges on correctly identifying which bonds are candidates to be repaid early, or which banks might be willing to negotiate, Mesman said. Direct Approach “If we find a bond where perhaps 50 percent to 60 percent of the issue has already been tendered over the years, then we’ll approach them directly and offer them our bonds at a certain price,” he said. Credit Agricole recently tendered for 371.23 million euros of a perpetual bond at 78 cents on the euro, but investors only took them up on part of the offer, suggesting that they’re waiting for a higher payout, Mesman said. His firm sold 25 percent of their 25 million euro position in the bond and are waiting for a higher price for the rest, he said. To be sure, there has been some headline uncertainty with some banks in Europe, Mesman said. Deutsche Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, and other European banks have in the past been at risk of not paying the coupons on their bonds. While failure to pay interest would be tantamount to default for most debt securities, coupon payments on newer contingent convertible bonds, known as CoCos, are discretionary. Once missed, though, they are gone forever. With their strategy, Mesman and colleagues focus on buying older notes generally from U.K. and U.S. banks. They also hedge using tools including bank stock and currencies, he said. The bonds generally pay in U.S. dollars. “We’re looking for situations where they’re taking them out sooner, ideally within the next 12 months,” he said. This article was provided by Bloomberg News. Loading Other Articles... To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Do you expect international stocks to continue outperforming U.S. stocks for the rest of the year? Yes No View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education Health TRENDING# ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Cow Slaughter Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News WRAPUP 4-U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 percent Shares0 Fri, 2 Jun 2017-10:09pm , Reuters U.S. job growth slowed in May and employment gains in the prior two months were not as strong as previously reported, suggesting the labor market was losing momentum despite the unemployment rate falling to a 16-year low of 4.3 percent. Nonfarm payrolls increased 138,000 last month as the manufacturing, government and retail sectors lost jobs, the Labor Department said on Friday. The economy created 66,000 fewer jobs than previously reported in March and April. Last month's job gains could still be sufficient for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rates at its June 13-14 policy meeting. The economy needs to create 75,000 to 100,000 jobs per month to keep up with growth in the working-age population. "While the message was a little muddied today, the evidence generally suggests the labor market is cyclically tightening, and the Fed will need to continue to lean against that," said Michael Feroli, an economist at JPMorgan in New York. "We still believe it is very likely that the Fed will hike later this month. Perhaps more in question is the signal coming out of that meeting regarding subsequent hikes." Details of the employment report were weak. Though the unemployment rate fell one-tenth of a percentage point to its lowest level since May 2001, that was because 429,000 people dropped out of the labor force. The survey of households from which the unemployment rate is derived also showed a drop in employment. The jobless rate has declined five-tenths of a percentage point this year. Average hourly earnings rose four cents or 0.2 percent in May after a similar gain in April, leaving the year-on-year increase in wages at 2.5 percent. Job growth has decelerated from the 181,000 monthly average over the past 12 months as the labor market nears full employment. There is growing anecdotal evidence of companies struggling to find qualified workers. Economists also believe that companies might be holding off hiring amid worries political scandals engulfing President Donald Trump could imperil his economic agenda, including tax cuts and infrastructure spending. "Political uncertainty in Washington is another factor holding back the job market," said Sung Won Sohn, an economics professor at California State University Channel Islands in Camarillo. "The probability that any of the Trump stimulus would become reality has decreased significantly in recent weeks." Economists had forecast payrolls increasing by 185,000 jobs last month and the unemployment rate holding steady at 4.4 percent. U.S. financial markets are almost pricing in a 25 basis point increase in the Fed's benchmark overnight interest rate this month, according to CME FedWatch. The dollar fell to seven-month lows on views the jobs data could portend diminished chances for a Fed rate hike in the second half of the year. Long-dated U.S. Treasury yields fell to nearly seven-month lows, and short-dated yields touched their lowest in more than two weeks, but U.S. stocks edged up to new highs.. SHRINKING LABOR MARKET SLACK The modest payrolls gain could temper expectations of a sharp acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter after gross domestic product increased at a tepid 1.2 percent annualized rate at the start of the year. While consumer spending picked up in April, a second report on Friday showed the trade deficit widening 5.2 percent to $47.6 billion. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting GDP increasing at a 3.4 percent pace in the second quarter. There was some good news in the employment report. A broad measure of unemployment, which includes people who want to work but have given up searching and those working part-time because they cannot find full-time employment, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 8.4 percent, the lowest since November 2007. As a result, the spread between the jobless rate and this broad unemployment gauge, considered a better measure of labor market slack, was the smallest since early 2008. But the labor force participation rate, or the share of working-age Americans who are employed or at least looking for a job, fell two-tenths of a percentage point to 62.7 percent. The volatile 16-24 age group accounted for much of the drop in the participation rate last month, suggesting a rebound is likely. Manufacturing employment fell by 1,000 jobs last month as payrolls in the automobile sector dropped 1,500 amid declining sales. Ford Motor Co said last month it planned to cut 1,400 salaried jobs in North America and Asia through voluntary early retirement and other financial incentives. Construction payrolls rose 11,000 last month after decreasing by 1,000 jobs in April. Retail employment fell 6,100, declining for a fourth straight month, with department stores shedding 3,700 jobs. Department store chains like J.C. Penney Co Inc, Macy's Inc and Abercrombie & Fitch are struggling against stiff competition from online retailers led by Amazon . Nonstore retailers, including online merchants, hired 2,900 workers last month. Government employment decreased 9,000 last month, with state and local governments accounting for all the decrease. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Business Competition Commission rejects complaint against Coal India in spot e-auction scheme Business Wipro receives second threat email, company's operations not affected Business Infosys to hire 20,000 new employees this year after sacking 400 Business GVK exits Bangalore international airport, sells residual stake to Fairfax India Business Sensex, Nifty continue record-setting spree Business India's slower GDP nasty surprise, self-goal by Modi govt in 'elephant versus dragon' race: Chinese daily Live Cricket Score Sri Lanka vs South Africa Sat, 3 June 2017, 03:00 PM IST Related DNA Money Edit: New skills and tech training to retain IT staff US Senator calls for probe into promotion of Jared Kushner's family company Industry should not get panicky, Nirmala Sitharaman on US' H-1B visas Zee Biz Originals View all Lenders have given us time till December, says RCom’s Anil Ambani What will India's FY18 GDP growth look like? GDP disappointed, will GST be a surprise for Indian economy? Unhappy with your internet connection? TRAI asks for suggestions to create better benchmark Video WATCH: THIS video of Kareena Kapoor Khan and baby Taimur waving to the media has gone VIRAL! Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma View all Tags Donald Trump Abercrombie & Fitch Asia New York North America Washington Atlanta Fed Federal Reserve U. S. Amazon CME FedWatch Camarillo Ford Motor Co J. C. Penney Co Inc Labor Department Macy Inc U. S. Treasury SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News 'CBI fear' driving officers away, Kejriwal may hire outsiders Army convoy attacked by militants in J-K, one jawan killed CBI busts transfer racket at Army headquarters, arrests two Court takes cognizance in Satyendra Jain defamation case against BJP MLA Afghan authorities lock down Kabul after protest clashes Sport It was probably one of our worst bowling displays: Smith Hockey: India squander lead; lose 1-2 to Belgium Dual Battle for India: Pakistan on field, controversy off it West Indies v/s Afghanistan: Sunil Narine shines in Caribbean side's six-wicket win over guests Virat Kohli-Anil Kumble rift: Sourav Ganguly has a curt advice for Indian skipper and coach Entertainment Leah Remini joins 'Kevin Can Wait' season 2 as series regular Rawal unapologetic on Roy tweet, says it is 'freedom of Patty Jenkins already signed on for 'Wonder Woman' sequel Arjun Kapoor tried THIS detox and FAILED at it! Ariana Grande visits fans in UK hospital ahead of benefit gig Money 15th GST Council meeting begins, rates of 6 items to be decided Tight security for UP CM's visit to Vindhyanchal Temple Trump climate move could divert FDI, spark litigation - U.N. Soccer-Argentine championship results and standings WRAPUP 6-U.S. job growth slows; unemployment rate drops to 4.3 pct Partner Sites: Zee News Hindi News Marathi News Bengali News Tamil News Malayalam News Zee Business WION ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance New Oriental Education & Tech Grp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Favorable Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact SandRidge Permian Trust (PER) Share Price Penske Automotive Group (PAG) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.48 New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.52 Kimball Electronics (KE) Given Daily News Impact Score of 0.48 Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Has $804,000 Stake in Ensco Plc (ESV) Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Acquires 925 Shares of Cheniere Energy Partners LP (CQP) Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Reduces Position in Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Kellogg Company (K) Stake Raised by Shufro Rose & Co. LLC Davita Inc (DVA) Shares Bought by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc (FOX) Position Reduced by Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Sells 447 Shares of Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. Reduces Position in salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Has $2.50 Million Position in Omnicom Group Inc. (OMC) Alcoa Corp (AA) Stake Reduced by Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. Western Digital Corp (WDC) Position Cut by Hancock Holding Co. Descartes Systems Group Inc (DSGX) Given “Market Perform” Rating at BMO Capital Markets Incyte Co. to Post FY2019 Earnings of $2.09 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts (INCY) Forterra Inc (FRTA) Upgraded by ValuEngine to Buy Intuitive Surgical’s (ISRG) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Bank of America Corp Insider Buying: Peyto Exploration & Development Corp (PEY) Insider Acquires C$239,500.00 in Stock New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Earns Daily Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.52 June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Press coverage about New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) has been trending very positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than twenty million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp earned a media sentiment score of 0.52 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news stories about the company an impact score of 0 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is extremely unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the near term. Several research analysts have commented on the company. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $74.80 price objective on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $62.00 price target on shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a report on Wednesday, May 17th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded New Oriental Education & Tech Grp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 16th. Finally, Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on New Oriental Education & Tech Grp in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $75.00 price target on the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $64.54. Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) traded down 1.38% on Friday, hitting $73.03. The stock had a trading volume of 347,711 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $67.50 and a 200 day moving average of $54.24. The firm has a market cap of $11.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 44.02 and a beta of 1.29. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp has a 12-month low of $37.16 and a 12-month high of $76.18. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (NYSE:EDU) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, April 24th. The company reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.01. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp had a return on equity of 16.46% and a net margin of 14.96%. The business had revenue of $437.90 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $418.67 million. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.34 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 26.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts predict that New Oriental Education & Tech Grp will post $1.85 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/new-oriental-education-tech-grp-edu-earns-daily-coverage-optimism-rating-of-0-52.html. New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Company Profile New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc is a provider of private educational services in the People’s Republic of China (the PRC). The Company provides educational services under its New Oriental brand. The Company operates through seven segments, which include language training and test preparation, primary and secondary school education, online education, content development and distribution, pre-school education, overseas study consulting services and study tour. Receive News & Ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for New Oriental Education & Tech Grp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Mersana Therapeutics Files for IPO By Chris Lange June 2, 2017 9:00 am EDT Print Email Tweet Mersana Therapeutics has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were given in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $75 million. The company intends to list its shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol MRSN. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Cowen, Leerink Partners and Wedbush PacGrow. This clinical stage biopharmaceutical company is focused on developing antibody drug conjugates (ADCs) that offer a clinically meaningful benefit for cancer patients with significant unmet need. Mersana has leveraged 20 years of industry learning in the ADC field to develop proprietary technologies that enable it to design ADCs to have improved efficacy, safety and tolerability relative to existing ADC therapies. Its most advanced platform, Dolaflexin, has been used to generate a pipeline of proprietary ADC product candidates to address patient populations that are not currently amenable to treatment with traditional ADC-based therapies. The lead product candidate, XMT-1522, is a HER2-targeted ADC currently in a Phase 1 dose escalation study in primarily breast cancer patients, with interim safety results expected by the end of 2017. Upon the completion of dose escalation, Mersana plans to expand clinical development of XMT-1522 into additional breast cancer, non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC), and gastric cancer patient populations, all of which are not addressed by existing HER2 therapies. The second product candidate, XMT-1536, is an ADC targeting NaPi2b, an antigen broadly expressed in ovarian cancer and NSCLC. The firm expects XMT-1536 to enter clinical development in early 2018. Its current product candidates, all based on the Dolaflexin platform. Mersana intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for: Phase 1 clinical trial of XMT-1522 Preclinical activities and Phase 1 clinical trial of XMT-1536 New and ongoing research activities The remainder of the net proceeds will be put toward working capital and other general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Why Lululemon Is Rallying Female New College Graduates Earn $3 an Hour Less Than Males » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, healthcare, IPOs and Secondaries, pharmaceuticals Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools 26 National Monuments President Trump Wants to Shut Down America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States Cars So Hot They're Out of Stock The Most Dangerous City in Every State Recent Hewlett-Packard, Exxon Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Boeing, 3M Dominate the DJIA Friday Apps Developers Have Scored $70 Billion From Apple 15 Companies Bracing for Big ASCO Reactions Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search The 3 Best IT Services Companies to Buy in 2017 Why Amazon's Pharmacy Idea Just Might Work Apple, Inc.'s WWDC: What to Expect Dow, S&P 500 end up 0.3%; Nasdaq Composite closes up 0.9% Nasdaq logs a 1.5% weekly return Dow finishes with a weekly gain of 0.6%; S&P 500 posts a 0.9% weekly advance Does the Stock Market Care About the Paris Climate Deal? American Express (AXP) Gains Exclusive Card Deal for Hilton Bank Stock Roundup: Weak Q2 Trading Outlook Raises Concern, BofA & Citi in Focus Sears says some Kmart customer credit card numbers compromised Wall Street week ahead: As large cap gets larger, can the tech rally continue? Venezuelan president moves forward on constitution assembly Jack O’Neill, Founder Of Iconic Surf Brand, Dies At 94 Kate Middleton Can't Get Enough Of These Classic White Sneakers Men Really Do Get Less Sexist When They Have Daughters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters United States & Canada Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading ‘A matter of principle’: US business leaders slam Trump’s withdrawal from Paris climate deal  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter News›World›United States & Canada Donald Trump Donald Trump ‘A matter of principle’: US business leaders slam Trump’s withdrawal from Paris climate deal Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO Robert Iger said they would leave White House advisory councils PUBLISHED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 10:32pm UPDATED : Friday, 02 June, 2017, 11:32pm Comments:   Agence France-Presse Share PrintEmail Related topics Donald Trump Climate change Related Articles United States & Canada Trump asks Supreme Court to reinstate Muslim travel ban 2 Jun 2017 United States & Canada ‘America First’? Climate pact pull-out suggests ‘America Alone’ 2 Jun 2017 Companies JPMorgan’s Dimon says he disagrees on Paris accord exit 2 Jun 2017 US President Donald Trump insisted withdrawing the country from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs – but plenty of American companies seemed to disagree. Criticism of his decision rolled in from blue-chip firms while the response from fossil fuel groups was muted. Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO Robert Iger said they would leave White House advisory councils. “Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk wrote on Twitter. Trump pulls US out of climate pact: is China set to lead? Iger followed suit, saying he was resigning from the panels “as a matter of principle.” Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase, also disagreed with Trump’s decision. “I absolutely disagree with the administration on this issue, but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment,” Dimon said in a statement. Other business leaders were even more emphatic in their criticism of the decision. “Today’s decision is a setback for the environment and for the US’s leadership position in the world,” said Goldman Sachs boss Lloyd Blankfein. General Electric’s Jeff Immelt tweeted: “Disappointed with today’s decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead.” Apple CEO Tim Cook wrote: “Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet” and “Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver”. Catastrophic climate change is more likely, Donald Trump has just made sure of that There is a pathway here where the rest of America in reaction to, really, what is an insane decision by President Trump, takes the kind of steps needed California Governor Jerry Brown Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg posted: “Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children’s future at risk.” Meanwhile, the president of the World Coal Association, Benjamin Sporton, offered an opaque response. “What we really need to see, if the president wants to re-enter the deal, is that he can change the agreement to recognise the role of all sources of energy, including coal,” Sporton said, adding his group had outlined to administration officials the benefits of remaining in the agreement. Within hours of Trump announcing his decision, a coalition emerged of state governors and city mayors who declared they would adhere to the Paris agreement, even if the White House would not. “There is a pathway here where the rest of America in reaction to, really, what is an insane decision by President Trump, takes the kind of steps needed,” said California Governor Jerry Brown, who was joined by the governors of Washington and New York, who also called for a “climate alliance”. Brown was on his way to China overnight, and planned to lead a conference of states and other “sub-national” actors making voluntary commitments to cut greenhouse grasses. Brown said he would also explore the possibility of integrating California and Chinese provincial carbon trading systems. That would be a “heavy lift” Brown said, but “I am going to discuss that with the highest officials in China this week”. SCMP Today: Intl Edition Get updates direct to your inbox E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Business leaders add voices to chorus of criticism while US states vow action   Most Popular Viewed 1 Opinion: Why Trump was smart to dump Paris climate pact 2 Trump pulls US out of climate pact: is China set to lead? 3 Chinese twins, praised for their brains and beauty, conquer Harvard 4 Hong Kong hotelier ‘may be victim of murder’ 5 Chinese tourist destroys in seconds what nature took 3,000 years to build Shared 1 Opinion: Why Trump was smart to dump Paris climate pact 2 Chinese tourist destroys in seconds what nature took 3,000 years to build 3 Chinese twins, praised for their brains and beauty, conquer Harvard 4 Hong Kong hotelier ‘may be victim of murder’ 5 How the QR code has forever changed China’s social habits Commented 1 We troll an online love scammer to see how far they’ll go 2 Hong Kong student left injured after Shenzhen acupuncture 3 The six best airports to sleep in - Hong Kong, Singapore included 4 Google data mine digs into credit card privacy 5 Lucy’s restaurant, in Stanley for 23 years, to close in July Promotions Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now! Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2017       You may also like Hong Kong Meet ‘Bull’ Tsang Kin-shing, the creator of protest props in Hong Kong Jun 2nd 2017, 3:33pm Control the technology or it will run your life In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Hong Kong What does paddling a dragon boat during a furious race look like? May 30th 2017, 6:27pm Making impact for greater good Sponsored by: The Hong Kong Polytechnic University Hong Kong How a store that still sells kerosene stoves became a treasure trove of the community May 27th 2017, 11:18am 3 Property Hong Kong’s banks raise mortgage rates after HKMA rules 27 May 2017 - 5:53pm Hong Kong Passengers left stranded after Cathay flight hits brake problem 25 May 2017 - 12:23am 53 World Outgoing WHO chief Margaret Chan defends her legacy May 24th 2017, 11:59am 5 Hong Kong Filipino woman falls to death in suspected window-cleaning accident 18 May 2017 - 5:45pm 35 Hong Kong Hong Kong HIV cases hit record high, with more younger men infected 20 May 2017 - 11:50pm 17 Opinion The US will regret snubbing China’s belt and road 19 May 2017 - 10:48pm 27 Post Magazine The Holga: how a Hong Kong-made camera became a cult classic 24 May 2017 - 12:37pm 2 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Offer Predictions for Ikkuma Resources Corp’s Q3 2017 Earnings (IKM) Internet Initiative Japan Inc. (IIJI) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Littelfuse, Inc. (LFUS) to Buy Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Industrial & Cmrcl Bnk f China Ltd (IDCBY) to “Buy” Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Short Interest Update Kimbell Royalty Partners LP (KRP) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research Encana Corp Target of Unusually High Options Trading (ECA) Investors Purchase High Volume of Call Options on SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (DIA) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for BCE Inc. (BCE) Reduced by Desjardins Investors Buy Shares of Lowe's Companies, Inc. (LOW) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Deere & Company (DE) Shares Gap Up After Dividend Announcement AU Optronics Corp (AUO) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Sees Large Volume Increase Following Analyst Upgrade Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Short Interest Down 36.1% in May Rexford Industrial Realty Inc (REXR) Receives $24.40 Consensus PT from Brokerages NEWTEK Business Services Corp (NEWT) Receives $16.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Zacks: Brokerages Expect RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) Will Post Earnings of $0.79 Per Share Analysts Anticipate Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Will Announce Earnings of $0.87 Per Share Agilent Technologies Inc (A) Insider Patrick Kaltenbach Sells 2,074 Shares of Stock salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Insider Amy E. Weaver Sells 1,400 Shares Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance Tweet Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (LON:SPX)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by equities research analysts at Deutsche Bank AG in a research report issued to clients and investors on Thursday. Several other equities analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Numis Securities Ltd reissued an “add” rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research report on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. BNP Paribas reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Peel Hunt reissued an “add” rating on shares of Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 3,825 ($49.13). Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (LON:SPX) opened at 5625.00 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 5,284.57 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 4,639.42. Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc has a 1-year low of GBX 3,250.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 5,815.00. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 4.13 billion. The company also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 26th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 27th were paid a dividend of GBX 53.50 ($0.69) per share. This is a positive change from Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc’s previous dividend of $22.50. This represents a dividend yield of 1.16%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, April 27th. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc (SPX) Rating Reiterated by Deutsche Bank AG” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/spirax-sarco-engineering-plc-spx-receives-buy-rating-from-deutsche-bank-ag.html. In other news, insider Jane Kingston bought 1,080 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were acquired at an average cost of GBX 4,787 ($61.49) per share, with a total value of £51,699.60 ($66,409.25). Also, insider James Whalen sold 3,585 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 4,786 ($61.48), for a total transaction of £171,578.10 ($220,395.76). Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Company Profile Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc is a United Kingdom-based industrial engineering company. The Company’s segments include Europe, Middle East & Africa; Asia Pacific; Americas; Steam specialties business, and Watson-Marlow Fluid Technology Group (Watson-Marlow). The Company’s businesses include Spirax Sarco and Watson-Marlow. Receive News & Ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spirax-Sarco Engineering plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  News Carlisle Utd Sport Election Property Jobs More Motors Contact Us Lifestyle Family Notices Buy photos Place an ad Buy and Sell Readers Travel Subscriptions Business Directory Dating Pets in Cumbria Search for: NEWS Latest National Business Opinion Weather Contact a reporter City 'will continue to lose jobs to EU following Brexit despite May pledge' SHARE THIS STORY Many banking chiefs have said the effects of Brexit will plague the UK for a decade 2 June 2017 3:45PM Banking executives have said the City will continue losing jobs over the next decade as the EU builds up its own financial services industry following Brexit, despite Theresa May's pledge to defend the Square Mile. Bosses from the likes of American banking giants Citigroup and JP Morgan - along with Russia's VTB and France's Societe Generale - bemoaned the effects of Brexit, which they said will continue to plague the UK long after its official departure from the EU in 2019. Speaking at the St Petersburg International Economic Forum in Russia, Daniel Pinto, the chief executive of JP Morgan's corporate and investment bank, said: "I think going forward you will be in a scenario where the Europeans want to have a substantial financial services industry in their territory. "So it's likely that the migration will continue in the years to come, probably it will take five to 10 years and you will see the full effect of the decision that the UK is taking today." His comments came after Mrs May claimed that it "would not be sensible" to see a diminished City. "I think they (EU countries) all benefit from the expertise, the skills, the size and the capability of the City and anything that diminished that would not be sensible for them," she said. The Prime Minister also said she would work with the Square Mile to get a good deal for the financial services industry, if she manages to convince the electorate to vote her back into power next week. However, Mr Pinto confirmed that JP Morgan is preparing for a scenario where there is "no deal" with the EU, where passporting rights for financial services are scrapped. "That scenario assumes that there is no change in regulation at all, and I think that over time we will see the real effect," Mr Pinto said. He added: "I think that at the beginning there is an interest on both sides that whatever everyone does in every sector creates the minimum amount of disruption." James Cowles, Citigroup's chief executive for Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), said he agreed that the City's fortunes might not be fully revealed for another five to 10 years and said the bank was similarly planning for the "worst case" scenario from Brexit negotiations. He said: "From a financial industries perspective, financial markets, it's unfortunate. "We had a system that worked. I think passporting worked and I think as we move forward we're going to spend the next two years, spending a lot of time and resources trying to get to a position that's not as favourable as we have today." Societe Generale chief executive Frederic Oudea added that Brexit could present an "extraordinary window of opportunity" for the EU. "I think we have an extraordinary window of opportunity to think strategically to think about the financial services in the Eurozone, and which is needed not just for the financial services (industry) or for banks, but for growth." 2 June 2017 3:45PM View comments Most Commented Carlisle couple subjected to online abuse over daughter's temporary tattoo 8 Carlisle school head urges parents to donate paper, pencils and crayons 6 Anti-Tory election campaign launches in Carlisle 3 Carlisle businessman calls for post-Brexit vaping reforms 2 Wembley cup win for Carlisle school youngsters 2 Most Read Carlisle cyclist seriously hurt in crash Carlisle couple subjected to online abuse over daughter's temporary tattoo Fire "destroys" kitchen of north Cumbrian pub Cumbrian supermarket evacuated Police make arrest after robbery at corner shop More news   Andy Murray, pictured left, and Juan Martin del Potro are familiar foes Andy Murray: Del Potro among the best players in the world Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he may bid for Leicester's Riyad Mahrez Arsene Wenger may bid for Riyad Mahrez after admitting interest in winger The drug was tested in 15 women with advanced ovarian cancer as part of a wider trial Researchers hail biggest breakthrough in advanced ovarian cancer for a decade Nurse Victorino Chua was jailed for 35 years for murdering and poisoning patients at Stepping Hill Hospital Stepping Hill killer nurse racked up £800,000 legal aid bill MP Jo Cox was murdered by Thomas Mair last June Jo death news was like a grenade going off - murdered MP's husband Quick searches Carlisle Airport Carlisle United Court cases Cumberland Infirmary Sellafield West Cumberland Hospital Featured articles   Olly Murs on the main stage at BBC Radio One's Big Weekend at Carlisle in May 2011 Olly Murs promises madness and craziness at Carlisle gig The Cumberland Show Cumberland Show: All you need to know about this year's event STUART WALKER David Beesley ‘It’s a cruel thing, my dad lasted two years’ Jo Reid and daughter Hannah Reid enjoy a dance together Lost in music. Or maybe found in it Janet Barry, left and Suzanne Huddart Forty year anniversary for Carlisle fashion shop JOBS PROPERTY MOTORS LOCAL BUSINESSES READER TRAVEL BUY PHOTOS PLACE AN AD DATING Contact Us News & Star Newspaper House, Dalston Road Carlisle, Cumbria CA2 5UA 01228 612600 Contact us online here Facebook Twitter YouTube Sitemap Home | News | Carlisle Utd | Sport | Election | Property | Jobs | Motors | Contact Us | Lifestyle | Family Notices | Buy photos | Place an ad | Buy and Sell | Readers Travel | Subscriptions | Business Directory | Dating | Pets in Cumbria Services Subscriptions | Jobs | Property | Motors | Travel | Dating | Family Notices | Pets CN Group News & Star | Cumberland News | Times & Star | Whitehaven News | Hexham Courant | NW Evening Mail | Eskdale & Liddesdale Advertiser | Cumbria Life | Carlisle Living | Dumfries and Galloway Life | in-cumbria | The Bay | Lakeland Radio | Cumbria Live | Choose Cumbria | CN-Jobs | clickin2 | Business directory | Reader holidays | CN Group | Privacy policy © 2017 CN Group back to top
Login Register Contact Us Subscribe News Current Issue Politics Technology Health Care Real Estate Small Business Entertainment More Industries Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Letters to the Editor Greg David on New York Polls Editor's Note Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Stats and the City Hall of Fame Fast 50 Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs 25th Anniversary Most Connected 20 Under 20 Current Issue Events Crain's Events Featured Events Corporate Membership Health Pulse Pro Corporate Membership My Events Post Your Event Standard Event Featured Event Premium Event FAQ Data & Lists Business Lists Book of Lists For the Record Executive Moves Stats and the City Multimedia Photo Finish Podcasts SNAPS Video Newsletters Email Newsletter Alerts Health Pulse Morning 10 Morning Insider Custom Content Hispanic Executive Awards Heritage Healthcare Innovation Awards White Papers Real Estate on The Market Advertorials Anchin Insights TV New York Stories Industry Coverage Health Care Health Pulse Real Estate Politics Technology Small Business Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Entertainment Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation News Home Current Issue Real Estate Small Business Health Care Politics Technology Entertainment More Industries Advertising & Marketing Arts Economy Education Finance Hospitality & Tourism Labor & Unions Nonprofits Professional Services Retail & Apparel Transportation NEWS › Real Estate June 2, 2017 10:27 a.m. Updated 06/02/2017 JPMorgan Chase triples Far West Side office space The bank has signed up for an additional 300,000 square feet at 5 Manhattan West Amanda Fung Comments Email Print × Photo: Brookfield Properties 5 Manhattan West To continue reading this story, please choose an option below. Crain's Recommends From Around The Web Business Lists 2017 Book of Lists Minority-Owned Businesses Women-Owned Businesses Top Manhattan Office Leases Health Pulse 2016 Compensation Database Resources Executive Moves Events Calendar Data Center For The Record Get Crain's Real Estate Daily (RED) Alert Sign up for our FREE daily Real Estate Alert email newsletter. The day's top commercial real estate news, transactions and executive moves. More Newsletters › LATEST MOST POPULAR Latest Blankfein tweets, Iger quits Trump council... This time Lyft, not Uber, is accused of wage ... ICYMI: Penn Station crisis rekindles long-... New York couples have the priciest weddings MoMA expands its Midtown home, increasing... Most Popular Penn Station crisis rekindles long-stalled... The problems at Penn Station, in 11 painful... Advertisers are feeling the heat, from the... NY studios land new productions starring... East Side Access could have spared commuters ... Related News MoMA expands its Midtown home, increasing its outdoor views East Side Access could have spared commuters from 'summer of hell' Long Island City waterfront project still sitting idle after gaining approval 3.5 years ago Goodwill to close five stores as it too feels the impact of online shopping Comments News Real Estate Small Business Health Care Technology Politics Entertainment Health Pulse All Industries Photos Resources White Papers Executive Moves Real Estate Deals Business Lists Book of Lists Custom Content Meeting Planner's Guide Advertorials Broadcast New York Stories Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Columns Greg David on NY Subscribe to Crain's Subscribe now Digital Subscription Email Newsletters Morning 10 Daily Alert Real Estate Daily Video Small Business See All Crain Communications Crain's National Crain Communications Events Events Calendar Crain's Events All events Post an Event About Crain's New York Business Advertise with us Contact Us Staff Directory Reprints Newsstands Site Map Corrections Editorial Calendar Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Features Power Couples 40 Under 40 Best Places to Work Most Powerful Women Top Entrepreneurs Fast 50 Stats and the City Hall of Fame 20 Under 20 Current Issue SUBSCRIBE TODAY Entire contents © 2017 Crain Communications Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Box’s (BOX) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Box Inc (BOX) Upgraded by Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group to Overweight Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Position Raised by Keybank National Association OH Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Acquires Shares of 5,400 Nucor Co. (NUE) GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Has $2.04 Million Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Airain ltd Purchases Shares of 7,894 Q2 Holdings Inc (QTWO) 2,170 Shares in CIGNA Co. (CI) Acquired by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. eBay Inc (EBAY) Shares Bought by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Lowers Stake in eBay Inc (EBAY) Keybank National Association OH Sells 167 Shares of Entergy Co. (ETR) Airain ltd Buys New Stake in Genomic Health, Inc. (GHDX) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Position Raised by Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Buys 71 Shares of Crane Co. (CR) 91,264 Shares in Merrimack Pharmaceuticals Inc (MACK) Acquired by Airain ltd Northwestern Mutual Investment Management Company LLC Acquires 81,284 Shares of Exelon Co. (EXC) Palo Alto Networks’ (PANW) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Insider Selling: Urthecast Corp (UR) Insider Sells C$362,754.00 in Stock Gigamon Inc (GIMO) VP Sells $434,501.49 in Stock CBIZ, Inc. (CBZ) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is engaged in providing various banking services primarily in Mexico. It provides multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. The company also offers pension and investment funds; cards and other structured products; and treasury management, merchant, trust, life insurance, online collection, tax payment, payroll, and cash management services. Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV is based in Mexico City, Mexico. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and dropped their price target for the company from $9.50 to $7.50 in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of $8.65. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (NYSE:BSMX) traded down 0.54% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $9.23. 98,957 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $12.51 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.47 and a beta of 1.43. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV has a 52 week low of $6.73 and a 52 week high of $10.13. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $9.17 and its 200-day moving average price is $8.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research” was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/santander-mexico-fincl-gp-sab-decv-bsmx-lowered-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 6th. Investors of record on Monday, May 29th will be given a dividend of $0.165 per share. This is a positive change from Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV’s previous dividend of $0.13. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 24th. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV’s dividend payout ratio is currently 83.61%. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Analytic Investors LLC raised its stake in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 2.0% in the third quarter. Analytic Investors LLC now owns 94,580 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $832,000 after buying an additional 1,860 shares in the last quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC raised its stake in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 100.0% in the fourth quarter. FFT Wealth Management LLC now owns 48,298 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $347,000 after buying an additional 24,149 shares in the last quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. raised its stake in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV by 119.3% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 45,400 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $326,000 after buying an additional 24,700 shares in the last quarter. Koch Industries Inc. purchased a new stake in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the fourth quarter valued at about $185,000. Finally, Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC purchased a new stake in Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV during the first quarter valued at about $312,000. 31.26% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Company Profile Grupo Financiero Santander Mexico SAB de CV, formerly Santander Mexico Financial Group SAB de CV or Grupo Financiero Santander SAB de CV, is a Mexico-based financial institution. The Company is primarily engaged in the provision of multiple banking services, securities brokerage, financial advice services, as well as other related investment activities. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV (BSMX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Santander Mexico Fincl Gp SAB deCV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AstraZeneca plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Games Workshop Group PLC (GAW) Price Target Raised to GBX 1,350 Gresham House Strategic PLC (GHS) Given Corporate Rating at FinnCap 3i Group plc’s (III) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Given a GBX 3,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc Liberty Sirius XM Group Expected to Post FY2018 Earnings of $2.01 Per Share (LSXMA) BofI Holding, Inc. (BOFI) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages JD.Com Inc (JD) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Position Increased by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Stevens Capital Management LP Buys New Stake in Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Stevens Capital Management LP Purchases New Stake in Evertec Inc (EVTC) Shepherd Financial Partners LLC Acquires 1,618 Shares of Consolidated Edison, Inc. (ED) Essex Financial Services Inc. Has $208,000 Position in Apache Co. (APA) Global Payments Inc (GPN) Shares Sold by Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Stevens Capital Management LP Invests $340,000 in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $2.12 Million Stake in CalAtlantic Group Inc (CAA) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $1.99 Million Position in Federated Investors Inc (FII) Twin Capital Management Inc. Boosts Position in NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Stevens Capital Management LP Acquires Shares of 15,763 Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Stevens Capital Management LP Has $334,000 Stake in Argan, Inc. (AGX) AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Given a GBX 3,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a GBX 3,900 ($50.10) price target on AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) in a research note issued to investors on Thursday morning. The firm currently has a sell rating on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. A number of other brokerages have also commented on AZN. Shore Capital reiterated a sell rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Deutsche Bank AG cut their price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc from GBX 5,500 ($70.65) to GBX 5,350 ($68.72) and set a buy rating on the stock in a report on Friday, April 28th. HSBC Holdings plc reiterated a reduce rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($53.95) price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a report on Friday, May 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Finally, BNP Paribas reiterated a neutral rating and set a GBX 5,300 ($68.08) price target on shares of AstraZeneca plc in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 5,001.80 ($64.25). Shares of AstraZeneca plc (LON:AZN) traded up 0.69% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting GBX 5365.00. 854,646 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company’s market cap is GBX 67.92 billion. AstraZeneca plc has a 52 week low of GBX 3,680.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 5,505.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average of GBX 4,894.61 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 4,608.90. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “AstraZeneca plc (AZN) Given a GBX 3,900 Price Target at Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/astrazeneca-plc-azn-given-a-gbx-3900-price-target-at-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About AstraZeneca plc AstraZeneca PLC (AstraZeneca) is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovery and development of products, which are then manufactured, marketed and sold. The Company focuses on three main therapy areas: Oncology, Cardiovascular & Metabolic Disease (CVMD) and Respiratory, while selectively pursuing therapies in Autoimmunity, Infection and Neuroscience. Receive News & Ratings for AstraZeneca plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AstraZeneca plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Outook changing for tyre makers fast: Stocks have more steam left Dalal Street week ahead: Buoyancy intact, Nifty to aim for fresh highs ‘India is a huge opportunity for a fintech investor today’ Betting on three themes in current valuation: Jigar Shah, Kimeng Securities Bullish on 4 stocks among financials: Daljeet Singh Kohli, IndiaNivesh GMR Infrastructure pares gross debt by 47%, stock soars Market awaiting direction from RBI and the rain gods Market awaiting direction from RBI and the rain gods Infra stocks rally on debt reduction Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ViewsNews ET Home›Markets›Commodities›News 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 0Comments Wall Street has more bad news for Opec: 2018 doesn't look great Bloomberg| Updated: Jun 02, 2017, 07.31 PM IST READ MORE ON » Saudi ArabiaOpecMorgan StanleymeanGoldman SachscommoditiesCitigroup Resurgent supplies from US shale drillers and fading growth in fuel demand mean that world oil markets could face another overhang next year. By Grant Smith As oil prices sag despite OPEC’s renewed efforts to shore up world crude markets, Wall Street banks have more bad news for the producer group: the outlook for next year isn’t great either. Oil futures have lost 8 per cent since the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies agreed on May 25 to keep output constrained through the first quarter of 2018 in a bid to clear a global glut. While Goldman Sachs Group Inc. expects their strategy to ultimately succeed, they warn the surplus may re-appear once the curbs end. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. say the group will have little choice but to stick with the cuts even longer. Resurgent supplies from US shale drillers and fading growth in fuel demand mean that world oil markets could face another overhang next year, the banks predict. That means Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two biggest producers in the 24-nation coalition, may need to deliver on their promise to do “whatever it takes” to restore equilibrium. “If Opec wants to keep the market balanced next year, they will probably need to extend the production cut to all of 2018,” Martijn Rats, managing director at Morgan Stanley in London, said by email. “Demand growth has slowed somewhat recently, and with US production growing strongly, there doesn’t seem to be much room for Opec production to grow in 2018.” Slow Recovery Production cuts are taking longer than expected to eliminate the surplus as US shale drillers boost production with surprising speed. American oil explorers, having learned to operate more efficiently during a two-year market slump, have restored almost all the output lost during the downturn. As a result, the market may be unable to absorb the return of production halted by Opec and its partners when their pact ends in April. “The market isn’t able to see how Opec exits production cuts without creating huge surpluses in 2018,” said Jeff Currie, head of commodities research at Goldman Sachs in New York. “We see risks for a renewed surplus later next year if Opec and Russia’s production rises to their expanded capacity and shale grows at an unbridled rate.” Still, even if a surplus re-emerges in 2018, OPEC’s current efforts to deplete stockpiles will make their task of managing it easier, according to Citigroup Inc. While shale’s recovery means next year’s supply situation “looks weighty,” OPEC’s output cuts now mean that if inventories accumulate again, it would be from a lower level, said Ed Morse, head of commodities research at Citigroup in New York. Those increases in inventories may nonetheless prove substantial enough to prevent prices gaining, said David Martin, an analyst at JPMorgan, who slashed his 2018 forecast for Brent crude by $10 a barrel to $45 on May 25. Brent traded near $49 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange in London on Friday. Even if Opec extends their output accord for all of next year, it may only succeed in stopping further stockpile increases, he said. “OPEC may be shackled to its deal for a long time,” said Martin. READ MORE ON » Saudi ArabiaOpecMorgan StanleymeanGoldman SachscommoditiesCitigroup Comments Add Your Comments NEXT STORY Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. 1Wall Street has more bad news for Opec: 2018 doesn't look great Oil price outlook grows more gloomy despite OPEC cut extension Indian gold prices slip to discount ahead of new sales tax policy Wall Street has more bad news for Opec: 2018 doesn't look great Cardamom futures zoom nearly 11% in a week Gold prices tumble Rs 100 on global cues, low demand Base metal: Lead rises 0.35, Nickel falls 0.23% Agri-commodity: Crude palm oil up 028%, cardomom zooms by 3% Crude oil futures fall 1.80%, hurt by weak global cues Current Gold rate: Check out current gold price Gold, silver prices slip on upbeat US data BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Loading Please wait...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Uniper SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Otonomy Inc (OTIC) Now Covered by Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies Uniper SE (UN01) Given a €17.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Coverage Initiated at Credit Suisse Group AG Insider Selling: Tucows Inc. (TC) Director Sells 15,000 Shares of Stock Xing Ag (O1BC) Given a €260.00 Price Target at Deutsche Bank AG Hamburger Hafen und Logistik AG (HHFA) Given a €24.00 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson (ERIC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Bank of America Corp Analysts Anticipate OneBeacon Insurance Group, Ltd. (OB) to Post $0.15 EPS Insider Buying: Bonterra Energy Corp (BNE) Insider Purchases 25,800 Shares of Stock Mario Montana Sells 25,314 Shares of Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Stock Travelzoo (TZOO) Major Shareholder Sells $651,792.96 in Stock D Michael Wege Sells 14,440 Shares of Hershey Co (HSY) Stock $0.20 EPS Expected for Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) This Quarter $0.40 Earnings Per Share Expected for Materion Corp (MTRN) This Quarter FY2018 EPS Estimates for Internet Initiative Japan Inc. (IIJI) Decreased by Jefferies Group Valero Energy Sees Unusually High Options Volume (VLO) Verizon Communications Target of Unusually Large Options Trading (VZ) Traders Purchase Large Volume of Put Options on ProShares UltraShort Lehman 20+ Yr(ETF) (TBT) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Shares Sold by State of Wisconsin Investment Board State of Wisconsin Investment Board Buys New Position in Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Ltd (NTB) Uniper SE (UN01) Given a €17.00 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €17.00 ($19.10) price target on Uniper SE (ETR:UN01) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Nord/LB set a €19.00 ($21.35) target price on Uniper SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday. BNP Paribas set a €15.60 ($17.53) target price on Uniper SE and gave the company a sell rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €13.10 ($14.72) target price on Uniper SE and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €17.30 ($19.44) target price on Uniper SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Tuesday. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €15.80 ($17.75) price objective on Uniper SE and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. Uniper SE presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €16.82 ($18.90). Uniper SE (UN01) traded down 0.760% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching €17.635. The company had a trading volume of 25,878 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €15.91 and a 200 day moving average of €13.99. Uniper SE has a 1-year low of €9.85 and a 1-year high of €18.25. The company’s market capitalization is €6.46 billion. WARNING: This news story was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/uniper-se-un01-given-a-17-00-price-target-by-goldman-sachs-group-inc-analysts.html. About Uniper SE Uniper SE is a Germany-based energy generation and energy trading company. The Company operates through three segments: European Generation, Global Commodities and International Power Generation. The European Generation segment generates power and owns coal, gas, oil and combined gas and steam power plants, hydroelectric power plants, nuclear power stations in Sweden, a biomass plant in France, as well as solar and wind power facilities; the Global Commodities segment bundles the energy trading activities, and the International Power Generation segment comprises equity investments in energy generation companies in the Russian Federation, Czech Republic and Brazil. Receive News & Ratings for Uniper SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Uniper SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jamie Dimon sticking by Trump despite Paris decision - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Jamie Dimon sticking by Trump despite Paris decision Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 9:53 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 12:53 PM EDT Jamie Dimon isn't quitting Team Trump, despite opposing the decision to yank the United States from the Paris climate accord. By Matt Egan NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Jamie Dimon isn't quitting Team Trump, despite opposing the decision to yank the United States from the Paris climate accord. "I absolutely disagree with the Administration on this issue," the JPMorgan Chase CEO said in a statement on Friday. But Dimon doesn't plan to follow Tesla CEO Elon Musk and Disney boss Bob Iger by stepping down from President Trump's business advisory council. "We have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people's lives and protect our environment," Dimon said. A JPMorgan spokeswoman confirmed that Dimon does not plan to leave the the council, which is called the Strategic and Policy Forum. By contrast, Musk followed through on his threat to quit that forum as well as the president's manufacturing jobs initiative. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said on Twitter shortly after Trump's White House announcement on leaving the climate deal. Dimon did express disappointment with Trump, echoing concerns raised by fellow Wall Street bigwig Lloyd Blankfein. The Goldman Sachs CEO sent his first-ever tweet on Thursday to call Trump's Paris move a "setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world." Blankfein is not a member of Trump's advisory council. Dimon's statement suggests he wants to continue to have a voice in Trump's agenda, which includes plans to rip up rules governing Wall Street. The stocks of JPMorgan and other banks spiked after the election, in part because of Trump's pledge to "do a big number" on the Dodd-Frank Wall Street reform law. Bank stocks have given back some of their post-election gains amid disappointment with slow progress on tax reform and deregulation. JPMorgan stock is up 19% since Trump's victory. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Latest News Dow 21,206 +62.11 +0.29% Nasdaq 6,306 +58.97 +0.94% S&P 500 2,439 +9.01 +0.37% 1:14 A.M. ET Updated What Trump’s decision to pull out of the Paris Agreement means for your wallet 1:14 A.M. ET Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 1:13 A.M. ET Updated Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 1:13 A.M. ET Updated How to build a Paris climate change accord — in your own life and home 6/02 This is your brain on stocks 6/02 Updated Why workers aren’t getting bigger paychecks despite sizzling jobs market 6/02 Updated No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America 6/02 Updated Blue Apron: 5 things to know as the $2 billion startup goes public 6/02 Trump weighing whether to block Comey testimony to Senate 6/02 ​Where Do Americans Spend Their Tax Refunds?​ 6/02 Updated Retail carnage continues as sector loses jobs for fourth straight month 6/02 Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors 6/02 Updated Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? 6/02 RH may be taking a step back, but it’s setting itself up to compete with Amazon 6/02 Updated An industry icon explains how Enron’s fall sparked the ETF explosion 6/02 ETF pioneer explains what’s ahead for industry after $4 trillion boom 6/02 Barron's Buzz: The 'Wonder Woman' Trade 6/02 Updated Trump Today: President mum on blocking Comey testimony as Russia hearing nears 6/02 5 top airline booking mistakes and how to harness solar power without solar panels 6/02 Updated Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets U.S. & Canada Market Snapshot Get email alerts Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains By Wallace Witkowski and Anora Mahmudova Published: June 2, 2017 4:29 p.m. ET Share Nonfarm payrolls show 138,000 jobs added in May Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg 138,000 jobs added in May, unemployment falls to 4.3% By WallaceWitkowski Reporter AnoraMahmudova Reporter U.S. stock-market indexes closed at records Friday, led by gains for technology shares as investors looked past a weaker-than-expected May jobs report. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.37%  closed up 9.01 points, or 0.4%, at a record 2,349.07, after touching an intraday record at 2,440.23. Tech, with a 1% rise, was the top performing sector. Energy shares finished down 1.2%, largely following oil prices. Financials stocks were another area of weakness on Wall Street, with the sector trading 0.4% lower. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, +0.29%  rose 62.11 points, or 0.3%, to finish at a record 21,206.29, led higher by shares of Boeing Co. BA, +1.55%  and Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +2.37%  Earlier, the average touched a record intraday high of 21,225.04. The Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, +0.94%  climbed 58.97 points, or 0.9%, to close at a record 6,305.80, after touching an intraday high of 6,308.76. Along with all three main indexes closing at records, the Dow industrials finished the week up 0.6%, the S&P 500 advanced 1%, and the Nasdaq gained 1.5%. The May nonfarm payrolls data showed the economy added 138,000 jobs last month, coming in below Wall Street economists’ forecasts. The details of the jobs report were also weaker than expected. The number of job gains for April and March were revised lower. The unemployment rate slipped to 4.3% but the decline was largely due to shrinking labor force. Average wages rose 0.2% to $26.22 an hour, in line with expectations. “This is undoubtedly a weak jobs report, especially with downward revisions. But it’s just one data point that will not change the Fed’s course, which is to raise rates at its June meeting,” said Michael Antonelli, equity sales trader at Robert W. Baird & Co. “Nonfarm payrolls month-to-month is a very jumpy number and a one-off weakness should not be seen as a beginning of a trend. For example, we’ve had a very poor print in May 2016, with 43,000 jobs. Since then, the S&P 500 is up about 400 points,” Antonelli said. Read: The S&P 500 has never had a down year after a start like 2017 Despite the unexpectedly low print on the jobs report, expectations for a rate increase in June didn’t fall. Fed fund futures are pricing in a 91% probability of a rate increase this month, according to the CME FedWatch tool. While a June hike is widely expected, the weak jobs number and tepid wage growth may give the Fed pause when it comes to other rate increases this year, said Paul Nolte, portfolio manager at Kingsview Asset Management, in an interview. “Wage growth is not fabulous, and maybe that gives the Fed room to sit on rates,” Nolte said. “Markets love a near-zero rate.” Should inflation trends and weakness persist then it’s entirely possible that a rate increase in June could be the last one of 2017, and with Treasury yields at unexpected lows, equities become one of the few games in town for a return, said Nolte. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note TMUBMUSD10Y, -2.17%  fell nearly 6 basis points to 2.154%, declining below its 200-day moving average for the first time since October. Meanwhile, the dollar weakened against other major currencies, with the ICE U.S. Dollar index DXY, -0.55%  last down less than 0.1% at 96.68. Other markets: Oil prices CLN7, -1.28%  fell 1.5% to settle at $47.66 a barrel for a three-week low on Friday, partly driven by concerns that President Donald Trump’s decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Climate Accord will lead to an increase in U.S. oil output. The Nikkei 225 index NIK, +1.60%  closed above the key 20,000 level, adding 1.6% as the Japanese yen eased against the dollar USDJPY, -0.85% European stocks SXXP, +0.23%  finished higher, and the FTSE 100 UKX, +0.05% pared back from an intraday high to close up less than 0.1%. Gold prices GCQ7, +0.90%  rose 0.8% to settle at $1,280.20 an ounce. Individual stocks: Shares of Broadcom Limited AVGO, +8.50%  finished up 8.5% after reporting earnings. Shares of Lululemon Athletica Inc. LULU, +11.55%  shot up nearly 12% after the apparel-maker posted first-quarter results that beat expectations and announced a shake-up of its Ivivva brand, late Thursday. Leading the slump in energy were shares of Devon Energy Corp. DVN, -3.33% Newfield Exploration Co. NFX, -5.02% Range Resources Corp. RRC, -3.89% all of which finished down 3% or more, while Transocean Ltd. RIG, -2.17%  shares declined 2.2%. Shares of Cooper Cos. COO, +8.43%  rallied 8.4% after Raymond James raised its price target of medical device company’s stock. Shares of Delta Air Lines DAL, +2.69%  advanced 2.7% after the company reported its monthly operating performance. Shares of RH Inc. RH, -25.69%  sank nearly 26% after the retail chain formerly known as Restoration Hardware cut its earnings outlook for the year. Opinion: This is the most recommended stock —Barbara Kollmeyer in Madrid contributed to this article. More from MarketWatch Will Tesla suffer a reprisal after Musk quit Trump’s councils over the Paris climate accord? Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors Stock market closes at records as tech leads gains Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets NY Stock Exchange NASDAQ Quote References SPX +9.01 +0.37% DJIA +62.11 +0.29% BA +2.91 +1.55% MSFT +1.66 +2.37% COMP +58.97 +0.94% TMUBMUSD10Y -0.05 -2.17% DXY -0.53 -0.55% CLN7 -0.62 -1.28% NIK +317.25 +1.60% USDJPY -0.95 -0.85% SXXP +0.89 +0.23% UKX +3.86 +0.05% GCQ7 +11.40 +0.90% AVGO +19.94 +8.50% LULU +5.62 +11.55% DVN -1.14 -3.33% NFX -1.63 -5.02% RRC -0.90 -3.89% RIG -0.20 -2.17% COO +18.53 +8.43% DAL +1.34 +2.69% RH -14.71 -25.69% Show all references Most Popular Paint your bathroom this color and boost your home’s selling price by $5,400 Two professors finally unearth Obama ‘corruption’ Stock market and bonds rallied at the same time, and it’s befuddling investors No, Ivanka Trump is not the most powerful Jewish woman in America WSJ Privacy Test: Who Can See Your Personal Data? MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,439.07 +9.01 (+0.37%) Volume 2.0B Open 2,431 High 2,440 Low 2,428 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 21,206.29 +62.11 (+0.29%) Volume 329.7M Open 21,142 High 21,225 Low 21,130 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $190.23 +2.91 (+1.55%) Volume 3.0M Open $187.82 High $191.70 Low $187.65 P/E Ratio 23.31 Div Yield 2.99 Market Cap 113.1B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $71.76 +1.66 (+2.37%) Volume 34.4M Open $70.44 High $71.86 Low $70.24 P/E Ratio 31.75 Div Yield 2.17 Market Cap 541.2B NASDAQ Composite Index U.S.: Nasdaq: COMP 6,305.80 +58.97 (+0.94%) Volume 0 Open 6,262 High 6,309 Low 6,254 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. 10 Year Treasury Note Tullett Prebon: TMUBMUSD10Y 2.16% -0.05 (-2.17%) Volume 0 Open 2.21% High 2.23% Low 2.14% P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A U.S. Dollar Index (DXY) U.S.: ICE Futures U.S.: DXY 96.67 -0.53 (-0.55%) Volume 0 Open 97.19 High 97.31 Low 96.65 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Crude Oil - Electronic Jul 2017 U.S.: Nymex: CLN7 $47.74 -0.62 (-1.28%) Volume 783.8K Open $48.04 High $48.19 Low $46.74 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A NIKKEI 225 Index Nikkei Idx: NIK 20,177.28 +317.25 (+1.60%) Volume 0 Open 19,970 High 20,240 Low 19,967 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Japanese Yen Tullett Prebon: USDJPY 110.41 -0.95 (-0.85%) Volume 0 Open 111.36 High 111.72 Low 110.34 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A STOXX Europe 600 Index EUR STOXX: SXXP 392.55 +0.89 (+0.23%) Volume 0 Open 392.16 High 394.68 Low 391.75 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,547.63 +3.86 (+0.05%) Volume 0 Open 7,544 High 7,599 Low 7,540 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Gold - Electronic Aug 2017 U.S.: Comex: GCQ7 $1,281.50 +11.40 (+0.90%) Volume 257.6K Open $1,268 High $1,282 Low $1,261 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Broadcom Ltd. U.S.: Nasdaq: AVGO $254.53 +19.94 (+8.50%) Volume 10.8M Open $248.54 High $255.82 Low $244.15 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 1.6 Market Cap 94.2B lululemon athletica inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: LULU $54.29 +5.62 (+11.55%) Volume 22.5M Open $56.41 High $56.85 Low $54.06 P/E Ratio 24.57 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.7B Devon Energy Corp. U.S.: NYSE: DVN $33.13 -1.14 (-3.33%) Volume 6.4M Open $33.91 High $33.97 Low $32.87 P/E Ratio 60.02 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 18.0B Newfield Exploration Co. U.S.: NYSE: NFX $30.83 -1.63 (-5.02%) Volume 3.1M Open $32.12 High $32.14 Low $30.76 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 6.5B Range Resources Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RRC $22.24 -0.90 (-3.89%) Volume 8.8M Open $22.90 High $23.03 Low $21.84 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.36 Market Cap 5.7B Transocean Ltd. U.S.: NYSE: RIG $9.03 -0.20 (-2.17%) Volume 12.2M Open $9.09 High $9.10 Low $8.88 P/E Ratio 5.56 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 3.5B Cooper Cos. U.S.: NYSE: COO $238.32 +18.53 (+8.43%) Volume 1.1M Open $227.65 High $240.42 Low $226.72 P/E Ratio 35.73 Div Yield 0.03 Market Cap 10.8B Delta Air Lines Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DAL $51.19 +1.34 (+2.69%) Volume 11.6M Open $50.55 High $51.88 Low $50.50 P/E Ratio 9.51 Div Yield 1.58 Market Cap 36.7B RH U.S.: NYSE: RH $42.54 -14.71 (-25.69%) Volume 18.5M Open $44.20 High $45.16 Low $41.52 P/E Ratio 114.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 1.9B
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Federated Investors Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News The Chefs Warehouse’s (CHEF) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Sell” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Sunoco LP (SUN) Upgraded to Buy at Vetr Inc. Insider Selling: Travelers Companies Inc (TRV) Vice Chairman Sells $864,360.00 in Stock Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Acquires 9,976 Shares of Chemed Co. (CHE) Zacks: Brokerages Expect KeyCorp (KEY) to Post $0.34 Earnings Per Share Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 80,778 Shares of PACCAR Inc (PCAR) Wendys Co (WEN) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Sells 111,794 Shares of Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Northcoast Research Weighs in on Big Lots, Inc.’s Q2 2018 Earnings (BIG) Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th Blue Granite Capital LLC Has $1,692,000 Position in Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) VeriFone Systems Inc (PAY) Shares Bought by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC EnerSys (ENS) to Post Q3 2018 Earnings of $1.25 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Mario Spanicciati Sells 25,000 Shares of Blackline Inc (BL) Stock salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Chairman Sells $908,300.00 in Stock Christopher Cabrera Sells 60,000 Shares of Xactly Corp (XTLY) Stock Jean-Baptiste Rudelle Sells 13,255 Shares of Criteo SA (CRTO) Stock Barbara J. Rechterman Sells 17,500 Shares of Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Stock CONSOL Energy Inc. (CNX) Position Decreased by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Sell” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reissued their sell rating on shares of Federated Investors Inc (NYSE:FII) in a research note released on Thursday. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods currently has a $26.00 price objective on the asset manager’s stock. Other equities analysts have also issued reports about the company. Zacks Investment Research raised Federated Investors from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $31.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Jefferies Group LLC raised Federated Investors from an underperform rating to a hold rating and set a $11.00 price target for the company in a report on Friday, March 24th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Federated Investors from an underweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $24.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $24.50. Federated Investors (NYSE FII) opened at 26.92 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $26.37 and a 200 day moving average price of $26.94. The company has a market cap of $2.63 billion, a PE ratio of 12.94 and a beta of 1.54. Federated Investors has a 12-month low of $24.52 and a 12-month high of $33.13. Federated Investors (NYSE:FII) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The asset manager reported $0.49 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.47 by $0.02. Federated Investors had a return on equity of 32.01% and a net margin of 18.26%. The firm had revenue of $273.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $290.19 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.44 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Federated Investors will post $2.00 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Federated Investors Inc (FII) Receives “Sell” Rating from Keefe, Bruyette & Woods” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/federated-investors-inc-fii-receives-sell-rating-from-keefe-bruyette-woods.html. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, May 15th. Investors of record on Monday, May 8th were paid a dividend of $0.25 per share. This represents a $1.00 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, May 4th. Federated Investors’s dividend payout ratio is 49.26%. In related news, insider Gordon J. Ceresino sold 4,378 shares of Federated Investors stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.49, for a total transaction of $115,973.22. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 177,011 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $4,689,021.39. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, VP John B. Fisher sold 9,191 shares of Federated Investors stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.48, for a total value of $243,377.68. Following the sale, the vice president now directly owns 478,751 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $12,677,326.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 15,918 shares of company stock valued at $419,391 in the last three months. 10.50% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. A number of large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio raised its stake in Federated Investors by 0.8% in the first quarter. Public Employees Retirement System of Ohio now owns 36,317 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $957,000 after buying an additional 296 shares in the last quarter. North Star Asset Management Inc. raised its stake in Federated Investors by 22.9% in the first quarter. North Star Asset Management Inc. now owns 109,620 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $2,887,000 after buying an additional 20,390 shares in the last quarter. Lowe Brockenbrough & Co. Inc. raised its stake in Federated Investors by 87.7% in the first quarter. Lowe Brockenbrough & Co. Inc. now owns 17,850 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $470,000 after buying an additional 8,340 shares in the last quarter. FNY Partners Fund LP acquired a new stake in Federated Investors during the first quarter valued at about $131,000. Finally, HighTower Advisors LLC raised its stake in Federated Investors by 47.2% in the first quarter. HighTower Advisors LLC now owns 344,976 shares of the asset manager’s stock valued at $9,087,000 after buying an additional 110,568 shares in the last quarter. 76.42% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Federated Investors Company Profile Federated Investors, Inc (Federated) is a provider of investment management products and related financial services. Federated operates through investment management business segment. It is engaged in sponsoring, marketing and providing investment-related services to various investment products, including mutual funds and Separate Accounts, which include separately managed accounts, institutional accounts, sub-advised funds and other managed products. Receive News & Ratings for Federated Investors Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Federated Investors Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsletters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All After This Unimpressive Jobs Report, Here Are the Stock Sectors to Focus on Scott Gamm Jun 2, 2017 9:09 AM EDT The economy created only 138,000 jobs in May, missing estimates of 185,000.  Joe Seydl, capital markets economist at J.P. Morgan Private Bank said he's still telling clients to focus on the technology, energy and health care sectors in U.S. stocks, although growth in equities is likely to soften after the melt up seen in recent months.  More From TheStreet: 4 Ways to Play the Next Economic Downturn If you liked this article you might like Robert Kiyosaki: The Rich Keep Getting Richer for This One Reason There is a reason why the rich keep getting richer, according to financial author Robert Kiyosaki. Scott Gamm Jun 2, 2017 4:22 PM EDT Shark Tank's Barbara Corcoran Grades President Donald Trump "Shark Tank" star Barbara Corcoran weighs in on Trump, real estate and more. Scott Gamm Jun 2, 2017 4:16 PM EDT 8 Things You Need to Know From Jim Cramer on Lululemon, Alphabet, Broadcom, Canada Goose and More Some markets and investing takeaways from TheStreet's Jim Cramer. Scott Gamm Jun 2, 2017 4:15 PM EDT Trending Walmart Just Revealed These Crazy Futuristic Things It's Testing to Pummel Amazon Walmart Workers to Executives: We Can't Pay Our Bills FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal Why Facebook, Amazon and Netflix Could Soar At Least 40%, Says Analyst Hewlett Packard Enterprises Feels the Heat, While Apple Feels the Love: ICYMI Friday Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance L'Oreal SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for L'Oreal SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Federal Signal Co. (FSS) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Home Depot Inc (HD) Raised to “Buy” at Vetr Inc. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Reaffirms Neutral Rating for General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Price Target Raised to $76.00 Cumulus Media Inc (CMLS) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Quotient Technology Inc (QUOT) Shares Sold by Sei Investments Co. Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. Capital Analysts LLC Acquires 535 Shares of PowerShares QQQ Trust, Series 1 (QQQ) Coherent, Inc. (COHR) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. NetGear, Inc. (NTGR) Shares Bought by Sei Investments Co. Mellanox Technologies (MLNX) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.16 Yext Inc (YEXT) Issues Earnings Results Allegis Investment Advisors LLC Buys Shares of 37,881 Valero Energy Co. (VLO) 219,327 Shares in American Electric Power Company Inc (AEP) Acquired by Karp Capital Management Corp Medical Transcription Billing Corp (MTBC) Receiving Very Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Acquires New Position in Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) SemiLEDs (LEDS) Earning Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Merus Labs International (MSLI) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.14 Goelzer Investment Management Inc. Has $339,000 Position in Waste Management, Inc. (WM) L'Oreal SA (LRLCY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of L'Oreal SA (OTCMKTS:LRLCY) have earned an average recommendation of “Hold” from the six research firms that are currently covering the company, MarketBeat.com reports. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of L'Oreal SA in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Shares of L'Oreal SA (OTCMKTS:LRLCY) opened at 42.92 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $40.89 and a 200 day moving average of $37.55. L'Oreal SA has a 12 month low of $33.38 and a 12 month high of $43.06. The stock has a market cap of $120.20 billion, a PE ratio of 35.12 and a beta of 0.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/loreal-sa-lrlcy-receives-average-recommendation-of-hold-from-analysts.html. About L'Oreal SA L’Oreal SA is a holding company. The Company operates through two operational divisions: Cosmetics Division and Body Shop Division. The Cosmetics Division is organized into four divisions: Professional Products, Consumer Products, L’Oreal Luxe and Active Cosmetics. The Professional Products Division products are used and sold in hair salons and beauty institutes. Receive News & Ratings for L'Oreal SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for L'Oreal SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
null
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news Paris climate deal: Trump pulls out, hands Xi Jinping of China another win as world recoils Paris climate deal: Trump pulls out, hands Xi Jinping of China another win as world recoils President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Paris climate accord touched off a furious and immediate backlash, igniting condemnation from C-suites and capitals around the world. By: Bloomberg | Published: June 2, 2017 6:10 PM Trump now is alone and isolated. His rhetoric explaining the decision may play well in some working-class precincts in Pittsburgh but in Paris, Emmanuel Macron is all but mocking him: “Make our planet great again,” he tweeted. (Reuters) President Donald Trump’s decision to abandon the Paris climate accord touched off a furious and immediate backlash, igniting condemnation from C-suites and capitals around the world. But one man was left a clear winner. China’s President Xi Jinping now has another opportunity to burnish his country’s image as a clean-energy innovator and global champion in fighting climate change. Not a bad spot for the world’s No. 1 polluter. Xi has been deliberate in moving into the spaces Trump abandons. He runs a command economy but told the global elite at Davos this year that China is now a bastion of free trade. His Belt and Road Forum last month was meant to prove China — not the U.S. — is now in the vanguard of globalization. China’s also getting friendlier with Germany’s Angela Merkel, who can barely hide her growing distaste for Trump. Watch video here: Trump now is alone and isolated. His rhetoric explaining the decision may play well in some working-class precincts in Pittsburgh but in Paris, Emmanuel Macron is all but mocking him: “Make our planet great again,” he tweeted. Now China may be only too happy to grab that slogan for itself. Global Headlines CEO outrage | Normally, global executives applaud attempts to roll back regulation. And Trump’s announcement was hardly a shock. But the reaction from most CEOs was striking in its outrage. Goldman Sachs’s Lloyd Blankfein took to Twitter for the first time to slam it, while Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan said he will continue to press for emissions controls. Virgin Group founder Richard Branson, meanwhile, said the decision made him want to cry. What does it mean for investors? | The biggest winners from Trump’s decision are oil, coal and natural gas producers. And even they aren’t popping Champagne corks. As Joe Ryan and Naureen Malik write today, that’s because individual government policies around the world, changing economics and cheaper solar power are already spurring a shift toward cleaner energy. So while Trump quitting Paris may be a boon for fossil fuels, it’s not necessarily moving markets. Trump asks Supreme Court to revive travel ban | The administration has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to immediately reinstate its stalled travel ban, aiming to reverse a string of courtroom losses and setting up the biggest legal showdown of the young presidency. The case – Trump’s first initiative to go before the high court – brings the nine justices into a dispute over claims that the president is targeting Muslims. May goes easy on Trump | While Germany, France and Italy protested in unison at Trump’s climate decision, Britain’s Theresa May waited more than three hours to respond and when she did, she merely expressed her “disappointment.” Her reticence was another sign of the distance opening up between the U.K. and Europe ahead of the Brexit talks and showed how careful she’s trying to be with Trump as she eyes an eventual free-trade deal. Is Putin trolling America? | The Russian president yesterday gave his strongest hint yet that Russian hackers could have been involved in interfering with foreign elections. While repeating past denials that he had anything to do with the cyber attacks on Hillary Clinton, Putin told reporters that he couldn’t rule out involvement by free-spirited and patriotic “artists” who want to strike back against foreign criticism of their country. Manila casino horror | At least 36 people died at a casino and hotel in the Philippine capital after a gunman opened fire and torched the complex. The dead appeared to have suffocated in thick smoke, police said, after the assailant killed himself. The incident sparked a security lock down amid fears that Islamist militants from the country’s south were responsible, but authorities have now ruled out terrorism and say the perpetrator may have been mentally disturbed. Mexico’s populists are on the move | The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party has dominated the country’s political landscape for nearly nine decades, and in that time has never lost control of Mexico State. But as Nacha Cattan writes, surging crime, stagnant wages, corruption and Trump mean the governorship is now up for grabs. Should arch-populist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador emerge victorious from Sunday’s vote, it could set him up to win next year’s presidential election. Lewandowski and Kushner hug it out | Ousted Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski’s relationship with Trump’s son-in-law and top adviser, Jared Kushner, seems to be on the mend. The pair’s Rose Garden stroll this week ended in a hug, a sign that Kushner may no longer be a barrier to Lewandowski, now a private consultant, working more closely with the White House. And finally… At an economic summit in Russia, newly minted NBC host Megyn Kelly bantered with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as she prepared to host a panel with the two leaders later today. “Are you on Twitter?” she asked Modi in St Petersburg. “Yes!” he boomed. India’s leader actually has has more than 30 million Twitter followers. (For anyone keeping score, Kelly has 2.3 million.) Here’s how some of the world’s most-followed leaders rank. No Comments. Don't Miss Rajnath Singh says 368 terrorists neutralised in Kashmir between 2014-2017, security situation under control National Investigation Agency conducts raids across Kashmir, Delhi in connection with terror funding case EVM hacking challenge begins with NCP, CPI-M as only participants; 5 things to know CBSE 10th results 2017 live updates: Secondary school results to be announced anytime now on cbse.nic.in, cbseresults.nic.in and also on Bing CBI arrests Lt Col Ranganathan Suvramani Moni, middlemen Gaurav Kohli in Army transfer racket China’s largest solar powered unmanned plane flies at 65,000ft; can stay in air for months Leo Varadkar: All you need to know about the new Indian origin PM of Ireland Poonch ceasefire violation: Army retaliates strongly to Pakistan firing in Jammu and Kashmir, one civilian injured Election Commission EVM challenge begins, AAP to hold separate hackathon Army chief Bipin Rawat calls on J&K governor to discuss security issues Business Gallery Narendra Modi in Russia: PM invites Russian companies to invest in India, top 5 quotes Narendra Modi Russia visit: PM meets Vladimir Putin, pays homage at the Piskarovskoye Cemetery; check out photos Indian Navy rescues 33 Bangladeshis as Cyclone Mora hits hard, see pictures Moscow metro station: One of the world’s visually stunning underground systems; here’s how it looks like Narendra Modi in Spain: PM shares light moments with Spanish President Mariano Rajoy; take a look Technology Gallery Gigantic Stratolaunch makes first rollout to conduct aircraft fueling tests; 7 things to know SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Hindi News जम्मू कश्मीर: आर्मी के काफिले पर आतंकी हमला, एक जवान शहीद, चार जख्मी ईवीएम हैकिंग चैलेंज शुरू, दिल्ली दफ्तर में NCP और CPM ले रहीं हिस्सा योगी आदित्य नाथ की अधिकारियों को सख्त हिदायत - हम जमीन पर बैठने वाले लोग हैं, मेरे लिए ना हो कोई खास प्रबंध Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercury Systems Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group Comments on Mercury Systems Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MRCY) Analysts Anticipate ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. – American Depositary Shares (IMOS) to Announce $0.25 Earnings Per Share Global Payments Inc (GPN) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.01 on June 23rd Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) Earns Market Perform Rating from Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Biopharmx Corp (BPMX) Earns “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Five Below Inc (FIVE) Price Target Raised to $57.00 Royal Bank of Canada Raises Dollar General Corp. (DG) Price Target to $85.00 Maxim Group Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Dave & Buster's Entertainment, Inc. (PLAY) Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Raised to Overweight at Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Anticipate Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) to Announce $0.01 Earnings Per Share Arch Therapeutics Inc (ARTH) Expected to Announce Earnings of -$0.01 Per Share Haynes International (HAYN) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Gabelli Global Utility of Beneficial Ownership (GLU) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Lakeland Bancorp (LBAI) Receives News Impact Score of 0.16 Hyster-Yale Materials Handling (HY) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.44 Hanwha Q Cells Co Ltd -ADR (HQCL) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Shows Costco Wholesale Co. (COST) PT Raised to $190.00 Biogen Inc (BIIB) PT Lowered to $274.00 Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. (BECN) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Jefferies Group Comments on Mercury Systems Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MRCY) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Mercury Systems Inc (NASDAQ:MRCY) – Equities research analysts at Jefferies Group issued their Q1 2018 earnings per share estimates for shares of Mercury Systems in a research report issued on Tuesday. Jefferies Group analyst S. Kahyaoglu anticipates that the technology company will earn $0.27 per share for the quarter. Jefferies Group currently has a “Hold” rating and a $43.00 target price on the stock. Jefferies Group also issued estimates for Mercury Systems’ Q4 2018 earnings at $0.45 EPS. Mercury Systems (NASDAQ:MRCY) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, April 25th. The technology company reported $0.16 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.14 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $107.30 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $105.54 million. Mercury Systems had a return on equity of 6.69% and a net margin of 6.53%. Mercury Systems’s quarterly revenue was up 62.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company earned $0.25 earnings per share. WARNING: This report was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/jefferies-group-comments-on-mercury-systems-incs-q1-2018-earnings-mrcy.html. A number of other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. Citigroup Inc lifted their price objective on shares of Mercury Systems to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Noble Financial reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Mercury Systems from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $44.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on shares of Mercury Systems in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $48.00 price objective for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. Mercury Systems presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $42.33. Shares of Mercury Systems (MRCY) opened at 39.15 on Friday. Mercury Systems has a one year low of $21.09 and a one year high of $41.49. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $39.39 and a 200 day moving average price of $35.53. The company has a market capitalization of $1.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 67.62 and a beta of 0.50. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in MRCY. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd bought a new stake in shares of Mercury Systems during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $534,000. Axiom International Investors LLC DE increased its stake in shares of Mercury Systems by 394.8% in the fourth quarter. Axiom International Investors LLC DE now owns 265,206 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $8,015,000 after buying an additional 211,609 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of Mercury Systems by 243.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 162,293 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $4,904,000 after buying an additional 114,993 shares during the last quarter. Federated Investors Inc. PA bought a new stake in shares of Mercury Systems during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $3,385,000. Finally, State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of Mercury Systems by 18.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,033,362 shares of the technology company’s stock valued at $31,222,000 after buying an additional 159,032 shares during the last quarter. 79.14% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. In other news, COO Didier M. C. Thibaud sold 30,000 shares of Mercury Systems stock in a transaction dated Monday, May 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.41, for a total value of $1,212,300.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief operating officer now owns 418,694 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,919,424.54. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Mark Aslett sold 9,600 shares of Mercury Systems stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.26, for a total transaction of $386,496.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 557,449 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $22,442,896.74. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 58,800 shares of company stock valued at $2,354,412. Insiders own 4.30% of the company’s stock. Mercury Systems Company Profile Mercury Systems, Inc is a commercial provider of secure processing subsystems designed and made in the United States. The Company’s solutions support a range of defense and intelligence programs. Its technologies include embedded processing modules and subsystems, radio frequency (RF) and microwave multi-function assemblies, as well as subsystems, and RF and microwave components. Receive News & Ratings for Mercury Systems Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercury Systems Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Great Western Bancorp Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Luxoft Holding (LXFT) Stock Price PICO Holdings (PICO) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Finds Parkway (PKY) Given Daily News Impact Score of -0.22 JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) Stock Rating Upgraded by Vetr Inc. FreightCar America (RAIL) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Analysis Shows Yext Inc (YEXT) Releases FY18 Earnings Guidance TD Securities Begins Coverage on Sierra Wireless, Inc. (SWIR) Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Titan Machinery (TITN) Share Price O'Reilly Automotive Inc (ORLY) Cut to “Neutral” at Wedbush Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Updates Q2 Earnings Guidance Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Buy Rating for Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Buys 806 Shares of Energen Co. (EGN) Short Interest in MKS Instruments, Inc. (MKSI) Rises By 2.8% Centurylink Inc (CTL) Bond Prices Fall 1.5% California Resources Corp (CRC) Debt Trading 1.8% Lower Jefferies Group Comments on Mercury Systems Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (MRCY) Analysts Anticipate ChipMOS TECHNOLOGIES INC. – American Depositary Shares (IMOS) to Announce $0.25 Earnings Per Share Global Payments Inc (GPN) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.01 on June 23rd Antero Midstream GP LP (AMGP) Earns Market Perform Rating from Analysts at Wells Fargo & Co Biopharmx Corp (BPMX) Earns “Buy” Rating from Maxim Group Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Buy Rating for Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reiterated their buy rating on shares of Great Western Bancorp Inc (NYSE:GWB) in a report issued on Tuesday morning. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods currently has a $47.00 target price on the bank’s stock. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on GWB. Zacks Investment Research lowered Great Western Bancorp from a hold rating to a sell rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Great Western Bancorp from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and reduced their price target for the company from $48.00 to $47.00 in a research report on Friday, April 28th. DA Davidson reaffirmed a buy rating and issued a $50.00 price target on shares of Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Finally, FBR & Co began coverage on Great Western Bancorp in a research report on Tuesday, April 11th. They issued an outperform rating and a $48.00 price target on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $45.13. Shares of Great Western Bancorp (GWB) opened at 37.92 on Tuesday. Great Western Bancorp has a one year low of $29.31 and a one year high of $45.62. The stock has a market cap of $2.23 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.76 and a beta of 1.86. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $40.62 and its 200-day moving average is $41.88. Great Western Bancorp (NYSE:GWB) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The bank reported $0.60 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.62 by $0.02. The company had revenue of $111.23 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $116.90 million. Great Western Bancorp had a net margin of 27.75% and a return on equity of 8.47%. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.55 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that Great Western Bancorp will post $2.50 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Buy Rating for Great Western Bancorp Inc (GWB)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/keefe-bruyette-woods-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-great-western-bancorp-inc-gwb.html. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, May 24th. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th were given a dividend of $0.20 per share. This represents a $0.80 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.11%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, May 10th. This is a positive change from Great Western Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.17. Great Western Bancorp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 30.77%. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 1.0% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,636,271 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $114,915,000 after buying an additional 27,007 shares during the period. Investec Asset Management LTD raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. Investec Asset Management LTD now owns 1,432,043 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $62,423,000 after buying an additional 35,103 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 61.4% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 683,182 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $29,780,000 after buying an additional 259,969 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 11.1% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,300,078 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $100,259,000 after buying an additional 229,334 shares during the period. Finally, Comerica Bank raised its stake in shares of Great Western Bancorp by 91.6% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 214,380 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $9,280,000 after buying an additional 102,486 shares during the period. Great Western Bancorp Company Profile Great Western Bancorp, Inc is a full-service regional bank holding company. The Company is the holding company of the Great Western Bank (the Bank). As of September 30, 2016, the Company served customers through 173 branches in various markets in Arizona, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota and South Dakota. Receive News & Ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Great Western Bancorp Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metro Bank PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Bank PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Sell Rating for Metro Bank PLC (MTRO) Genuine Parts Company (GPC) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th Evonik Industries AG (EVK) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages MGM Resorts International (MGM) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th Avangrid Inc (AGR) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.43 on July 3rd UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) To Go Ex-Dividend on June 7th Comerica Bank Has $2.82 Million Position in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) CVR Refining LP (CVRR) Position Increased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA SYNNEX Co. (SNX) Stake Decreased by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Corning Incorporated (GLW) Shares Sold by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Bristow Group Inc (BRS) Debt Trading 2.8% Lower ALLETE Inc (ALE) Stake Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Community Bank System, Inc. (CBU) Shares Bought by Comerica Bank QuinStreet Inc (QNST) Short Interest Update Legg Mason Inc (LM) Shares Bought by Bank of New York Mellon Corp Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (ZLTQ) Shares Bought by Suntrust Banks Inc. Suntrust Banks Inc. Lowers Stake in Copa Holdings, S.A. (CPA) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Lowers Position in Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) Bank of New York Mellon Corp Has $42.24 Million Position in Plantronics Inc (PLT) Suntrust Banks Inc. Purchases 182 Shares of Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Sell Rating for Metro Bank PLC (MTRO) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued their sell rating on shares of Metro Bank PLC (LON:MTRO) in a research report report published on Tuesday morning. Goldman Sachs Group Inc currently has a GBX 2,480 ($31.86) price target on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on MTRO. Panmure Gordon started coverage on shares of Metro Bank PLC in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. They set a sell rating and a GBX 2,700 ($34.68) price objective for the company. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a sell rating and set a GBX 1,800 ($23.12) price objective on shares of Metro Bank PLC in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Citigroup Inc reissued a sell rating on shares of Metro Bank PLC in a research report on Monday, March 20th. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a sector perform rating and set a GBX 3,750 ($48.17) price objective on shares of Metro Bank PLC in a research report on Wednesday, April 26th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an underweight rating and set a GBX 2,600 ($33.40) price objective on shares of Metro Bank PLC in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Metro Bank PLC presently has a consensus rating of Sell and an average price target of GBX 2,755 ($35.39). Shares of Metro Bank PLC (MTRO) opened at 3796.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 3.05 billion. Metro Bank PLC has a 52 week low of GBX 1,501.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 3,805.00. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 3,569.86 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 3,364.51. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reaffirms Sell Rating for Metro Bank PLC (MTRO)” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/goldman-sachs-group-inc-reaffirms-sell-rating-for-metro-bank-plc-mtro.html. In other news, insider Eugene Lockhart sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,357 ($43.12), for a total transaction of £335,700 ($431,213.87). Metro Bank PLC Company Profile Metro Bank PLC (the Bank) is a deposit-taking and lending institution. The Bank’s principal activities include provision of banking and related services. It is focused on retail and small and medium size commercial customers. It offers personal and business banking services. Its everyday banking products include current accounts, and cash management and payments. Receive News & Ratings for Metro Bank PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Bank PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wall Street Has More Bad News for OPEC: 2018 Doesn’t Look Great by Grant Smith More stories by Grant Smith June 2, 2017, 6:52 AM EDT Risk of huge surpluses if OPEC fully revives output: Goldman OPEC will need to continue curbs for all 2018: Morgan Stanley Market Strategist Sees Lots of Reasons for Oil Skepticism As oil prices sag despite OPEC’s renewed efforts to shore up world crude markets, Wall Street banks have more bad news for the producer group: the outlook for next year isn’t great either. Oil futures have lost 8 percent since the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and its allies agreed on May 25 to keep output constrained through the first quarter of 2018 in a bid to clear a global glut. While Goldman Sachs Group Inc. expects their strategy to ultimately succeed, they warn the surplus may re-appear once the curbs end. Morgan Stanley and JPMorgan Chase & Co. say the group will have little choice but to stick with the cuts even longer. Resurgent supplies from U.S. shale drillers and fading growth in fuel demand mean that world oil markets could face another overhang next year, the banks predict. That means Saudi Arabia and Russia, the two biggest producers in the 24-nation coalition, may need to deliver on their promise to do “whatever it takes” to restore equilibrium. “If OPEC wants to keep the market balanced next year, they will probably need to extend the production cut to all of 2018,” Martijn Rats, managing director at Morgan Stanley in London, said by email. “Demand growth has slowed somewhat recently, and with U.S. production growing strongly, there doesn’t seem to be much room for OPEC production to grow in 2018.” Slow Recovery The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Production cuts are taking longer than expected to eliminate the surplus as U.S. shale drillers boost production with surprising speed. American oil explorers, having learned to operate more efficiently during a two-year market slump, have restored almost all the output lost during the downturn. As a result, the market may be unable to absorb the return of production halted by OPEC and its partners when their pact ends in April. This Is What the Demise of Oil Looks Like. See the graphic. “The market isn’t able to see how OPEC exits production cuts without creating huge surpluses in 2018,” said Jeff Currie, head of commodities research at Goldman Sachs in New York. “We see risks for a renewed surplus later next year if OPEC and Russia’s production rises to their expanded capacity and shale grows at an unbridled rate.” Still, even if a surplus re-emerges in 2018, OPEC’s current efforts to deplete stockpiles will make their task of managing it easier, according to Citigroup Inc. While shale’s recovery means next year’s supply situation “looks weighty,” OPEC’s output cuts now mean that if inventories accumulate again, it would be from a lower level, said Ed Morse, head of commodities research at Citigroup in New York. Those increases in inventories may nonetheless prove substantial enough to prevent prices gaining, said David Martin, an analyst at JPMorgan, who slashed his 2018 forecast for Brent crude by $10 a barrel to $45 on May 25. Brent traded near $49 a barrel on the ICE Futures Europe exchange in London on Friday. Even if OPEC extends their output accord for all of next year, it may only succeed in stopping further stockpile increases, he said. “OPEC may be shackled to its deal for a long time,” said Martin. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home Puerto Rico's Exodus Is Speeding the Island’s Economic Collapse What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Denmark Is Killing Tesla (and Other Electric Cars) Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Bloomberg - Citi latest firm to confirm trading slowdown Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Citigroup traders are facing the same slowdown in client activity that’s dragging on revenue across U.S. investment banks this quarter, CEO Michael Corbat said. “We’re right in line with what the others have said,” Corbat told the audience at an investor conference in New York on Thursday. He was referring to earlier remarks from senior JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America executives who indicated second-quarter trading revenue will fall at least 10 percent. “I would characterize the environment as being OK, but low volatility,” Corbat said, declining to provide a specific forecast. He said Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach will say more at an event later this month. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: Citigroup Enduring Trading Slump Along With Rivals, Corbat Says Nomura Jury to Resolve When Lies on Bonds Cross Fraud Line Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Coca Cola HBC AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola HBC AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Hold adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €121.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Evonik Industries AG (EVK) Given a €41.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Earns Underweight Rating from Barclays PLC Desjardins Comments on National Bank of Canada’s FY2017 Earnings (NA) -$0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) This Quarter Zacks: Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Tech Data Corp (TECD) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.53 EPS Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Tyers Asset Management LLC Sells 33,504 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $2.19 Million Stake in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) 511,850 Shares in Citigroup Inc (C) Acquired by Vantage Investment Partners LLC State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in First Financial Bankshares Inc (FFIN) NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Position Decreased by OLD National Bancorp IN Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stake Held by American National Insurance Co. TX StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,125 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vetr Inc. Lowers Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) to Sell Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Short Interest Up 22.5% in May Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Sirius XM Holdings (SIRI) Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Earns Underweight Rating from Barclays PLC June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC reiterated their underweight rating on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG (LON:CCH) in a report issued on Tuesday. The firm currently has a GBX 1,775 ($22.80) price objective on the stock. CCH has been the subject of several other research reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and issued a GBX 1,900 ($24.41) price objective on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed an outperform rating and issued a GBX 2,150 ($27.62) price objective on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Numis Securities Ltd reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a GBX 1,993 ($25.60) price objective (up previously from GBX 1,826 ($23.46)) on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG in a research report on Tuesday, February 21st. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price objective on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG from GBX 2,000 ($25.69) to GBX 2,200 ($28.26) and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of Coca Cola HBC AG in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. Coca Cola HBC AG currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 2,019.60 ($25.94). Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) opened at 2327.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 8.45 billion. Coca Cola HBC AG has a 52 week low of GBX 1,323.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 2,329.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 2,180.40 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 1,916.65. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/coca-cola-hbc-ag-cch-earns-underweight-rating-from-barclays-plc.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, July 25th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 29th will be given a dividend of €0.44 ($0.49) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 1.71%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, June 29th. In related news, insider SANDA PAREZANOVIC purchased 35 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The stock was acquired at an average price of GBX 2,092 ($26.87) per share, with a total value of £732.20 ($940.53). Also, insider Dimitris Lois purchased 99 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were bought at an average cost of GBX 1,988 ($25.54) per share, with a total value of £1,968.12 ($2,528.09). Insiders have bought 167 shares of company stock valued at $342,797 in the last three months. About Coca Cola HBC AG Coca Cola HBC AG is a Switzerland-based bottler of Coca-Cola products. The Company’s segments include Established markets, including Austria, Cyprus, Greece, Italy, Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland and Switzerland; Developing markets, including Croatia, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia, and Emerging markets, including Armenia, Belarus, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Nigeria, Romania, Russian Federation, Serbia and Ukraine. Receive News & Ratings for Coca Cola HBC AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Coca Cola HBC AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Evonik Industries AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evonik Industries AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks Investment Research Lowers IBERIABANK Corp (IBKC) to Hold adidas AG (ADS) PT Set at €121.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Evonik Industries AG (EVK) Given a €41.00 Price Target at Baader Bank Coca Cola HBC AG (CCH) Earns Underweight Rating from Barclays PLC Desjardins Comments on National Bank of Canada’s FY2017 Earnings (NA) -$0.28 Earnings Per Share Expected for AcelRx Pharmaceuticals Inc (ACRX) This Quarter Zacks: Millicom International Cellular SA (MIICF) Given Average Rating of “Strong Buy” by Analysts Tech Data Corp (TECD) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Estimates By $0.53 EPS Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results Tyers Asset Management LLC Sells 33,504 Shares of Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Has $2.19 Million Stake in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) 511,850 Shares in Citigroup Inc (C) Acquired by Vantage Investment Partners LLC State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System Continues to Hold Stake in First Financial Bankshares Inc (FFIN) NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Position Decreased by OLD National Bancorp IN Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Stake Held by American National Insurance Co. TX StealthGas Inc. (GASS) Raised to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research National Grid plc (NG) Given a GBX 1,125 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vetr Inc. Lowers Sirius XM Holdings Inc. (SIRI) to Sell Hostess Brands, Inc. (TWNK) Short Interest Up 22.5% in May Traders Purchase Large Volume of Call Options on Sirius XM Holdings (SIRI) Evonik Industries AG (EVK) Given a €41.00 Price Target at Baader Bank June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Evonik Industries AG (FRA:EVK) received a €41.00 ($46.07) price target from analysts at Baader Bank in a research report issued to clients and investors on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on EVK. Commerzbank Ag set a €33.00 ($37.08) price objective on shares of Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Sanford C. Bernstein set a €35.00 ($39.33) price objective on shares of Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Deutsche Bank AG set a €32.00 ($35.96) price objective on shares of Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €32.00 ($35.96) price objective on shares of Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday. Finally, Nord/LB set a €30.00 ($33.71) price objective on shares of Evonik Industries AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Saturday, May 20th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Evonik Industries AG presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €33.83 ($38.01). Evonik Industries AG (EVK) opened at 31.435 on Friday. The stock has a market capitalization of €14.79 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.262. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €30.83 and its 200 day moving average is €29.40. Evonik Industries AG has a 12-month low of €25.00 and a 12-month high of €32.20. WARNING: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/evonik-industries-ag-evk-given-a-41-00-price-target-at-baader-bank.html. Receive News & Ratings for Evonik Industries AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Evonik Industries AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Revenue warnings echoed by Citigroup Morning Scan Fed promises more transparent stress tests; Barclays on blockchain Morning Scan Trump rally in bank stocks fades; NYC bans Wells Fargo BankThink Three pathways to high performance for banks Data Hey, big spenders, way to go: Our 2017 ranking of midtier banks search goes here Revenue warnings echoed by Citigroup Published June 02 2017, 7:44am EDT More in Revenue streams Investment banking Commercial banking Earnings Print Email Share Share on Citigroup traders are facing the same slowdown in client activity that’s dragging on revenue across big U.S. banks this quarter, CEO Michael Corbat said. “We’re right in line with what the others have said,” Corbat told the audience at an investor conference in New York on Thursday. He was referring to earlier remarks from senior JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America executives who indicated second-quarter trading revenue will fall at least 10%. Calmer markets Political surprises added to market volatility and thus trading revenue last year, but “that’s something markets currently lack," Citi CEO Michael Corbat says. Bloomberg News “I would characterize the environment as being OK, but low volatility,” Corbat said, declining to provide a specific forecast. He said Chief Financial Officer John Gerspach will say more at an event later this month. Wall Street’s biggest banks are contending with tranquil markets after geopolitical surprises last year — including the U.K.’s vote to leave the European Union and Donald Trump’s presidential election — that fueled revenue from handling client transactions. On Wednesday, JPMorgan finance chief Marianne Lake said markets revenue tumbled about 15% in April and May from a year earlier. And Bank of America CEO Brian Moynihan said his firm’s second-quarter trading revenue will be 10% to 12% lower. “What the markets really like, and when we saw things really kick back in last year, it was something to trade against,” Corbat said. That’s something markets currently lack, he said. “There are some things out there, some opportunities that will present themselves, but volatility is low right now.” Article The mortgage search goes digital Search habits and online lenders are forcing loan officers to step up their digital game to compete. Partner Insights Sponsor Content From: Mortgages May 19 Bloomberg News Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Subscription Agreement Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Barratt Developments Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barratt Developments Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Bank AG Increases Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Price Target to GBX 703 Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Give adidas AG (ADS) a €200.00 Price Target HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Give Nordex SE (NDX1) a €11.80 Price Target Mark Zuckerberg Sells 279,533 Shares of Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Cae Inc (CAE) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Donaldson Company, Inc. (DCI) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.01 EPS Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS AMG National Trust Bank Continues to Hold Position in Deere & Company (DE) American Century Companies Inc. Cuts Stake in Aerie Pharmaceuticals Inc (AERI) TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Has $1.58 Million Stake in Deere & Company (DE) New Mexico Educational Retirement Board Has $3.30 Million Stake in Norfolk Southern Corp. (NSC) Flinton Capital Management LLC Buys 12,032 Shares of Ford Motor Company (F) United Rentals, Inc. (URI) Stake Reduced by US Bancorp DE Phillips 66 (PSX) Position Boosted by FTB Advisors Inc. Canandaigua National Bank & Trust Co. Sells 20 Shares of Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Jefferies Group LLC Begins Coverage on e.l.f. Beauty Inc (ELF) Fastenal Company (FAST) Now Covered by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Range Resources Corp. (RRC) Stock Rating Lowered by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Fastenal Company (FAST) Rating Increased to Buy at Longbow Research Yum China Holdings Inc (YUMC) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Deutsche Bank AG Increases Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Price Target to GBX 703 June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Barratt Developments Plc (LON:BDEV) had its price objective boosted by equities researchers at Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 695 ($8.93) to GBX 703 ($9.03) in a research note issued on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the real estate development company’s stock. Deutsche Bank AG’s price target indicates a potential upside of 16.78% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on BDEV. HSBC Holdings plc reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a GBX 543 ($6.97) price objective on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Liberum Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a GBX 425 ($5.46) price objective on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Peel Hunt upped their price objective on shares of Barratt Developments Plc from GBX 550 ($7.06) to GBX 565 ($7.26) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Barratt Developments Plc in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Barratt Developments Plc currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 581.65 ($7.47). Barratt Developments Plc (LON BDEV) opened at 599.00 on Wednesday. Barratt Developments Plc has a 12 month low of GBX 326.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 624.50. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 594.80 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 524.78. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 6.02 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Increases Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Price Target to GBX 703” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/deutsche-bank-ag-increases-barratt-developments-plc-bdev-price-target-to-gbx-703.html. About Barratt Developments Plc Barratt Developments PLC is a holding company. The Company is principally engaged in acquiring and developing land, planning, designing and constructing residential property developments and selling the homes, which it builds throughout Britain. The Company operates in two segments: Housebuilding and Commercial developments. Receive News & Ratings for Barratt Developments Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Barratt Developments Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Please enable javascript for best view and rich features! Please Try again! Login / Register | Logout Gizmodo Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Gizmodo X Login / Register | Logout Indiamodo News Gadgets Science Design Software WTF Gallery Apple WWDC Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision ReutersJun 2, 2017, 04.24 PM IST FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit NewsImage Credit Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn't solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." (Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru, David Shepardson in Washington, and Trevor Hunnicutt in New York; Editing by Savio D'Souza, David Gregorio and Lisa Shumaker) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedinReddit Tags: White House advisory councilsTravis KalanickTeslaRobert IgerElon MuskDonald Trump Next StoryMicrosoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Follow Gizmodo onfacebookLiketwitterFollowgplusFollow Contribute to GizmodoWrite for Us More from this author Dawn of man: Ethiopian jawbone fossil pushes back human origins Furry forerunners: Jurassic arboreal, burrowing mammals unearthed SpaceX blasts off Falcon 9 to put weather satellite into deep space Related stories Elon Musk Quits Donald Trump A Brief Chat With Elon Musk About Climate Change, Rex Tillerson, and Donald Trump Elon Musk Explains How Trump Could Actually Help Tesla Elon Musk Responds to Claims of Low Pay, Injuries and Anti-Union Policies at Tesla Plant Elon Musk: Die For Me Elon Musk: Apple Hires Tesla's Rejects FROM THE WEB 2017 Pickup Trucks You Have To See To Believe Truck Sponsored Ads The Wait Is Over - The Most Luxurious Cars for 2017 Can Be.. Search Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads Discover the Thrilling Features of the New Acura TLX Acura The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny 15 Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Not to Leave Unchecked Activly MORE FROM GIZMODO A Wild Origin Story For Saturn's Most Mysterious Moon Here's Our First Look at Android Creator Andy Rubin's Super Facebook makes us sad, unhealthy: Study How to Watch the First Sean Spicer Briefing Since the Start Trump's Pointless, Racist Anti-Immigration Hotline Is Outing CRISPR May Not Be Nearly as Precise as We Thought You May Like Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster Ad: Two Red Dots 6 Home Renos that Can Devalue a Home Ad: Bankrate 23 Baby Names Parents Say They Regret Giving Their Kids Ad: CafeMom What were the headlines on the day you were born? Ad: Newspapers.com The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Ad: Microsoft This Mega-House is New Jersey’s Most Expensive (pics) Wh.. Ad: Now Buzz Apple WWDC Apple’s WWDC 2017 begins on June in San Jose, here’s what we can expect ... Apple Handpicks Its 12 Favorite Apps at WWDC ... iOS 10's Coolest New Features in Gifs ... A Guide to Apple's Radically Reimagined Messages App ... More Editor's Pick Apple has quarter of a trillion dollars in cash. Here are 5 things it can do with that mu ... A Google engineer recreated a DSLR photo using a Nexus 6P with absolute perfection ... Hello, Hello, this is Xiaomi’s best phone for 2017 and it’s a baller ... Hot Right Now Baidu in self-driving car tech tie-ups with Bosch, Continental The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Ad: Livingly Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign Exclusive: Google faces hefty EU fine in shopping case by August - sources Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn LIGO detects gravitational waves for third time Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision New AI-based programme can predict patient's lifespan Truecaller surpasses Facebook, becomes fourth most downloaded app in India Like what you see? Keep up with the latest by following us on and subscribe to our Daily Newsletter Learn at Coursera Master Business Fundamentals from Wharton Leadership and Business Skill for Immediate Impact Take Big Data from University of California San DiegoMore » Gadgets Now Shop LYF Water 10 4G VoLTE- 16GB (Black) ₹ 6070BUY3GB RAM, 4G VoLTE Apple iPhone 6 - 32GB (Space Grey) ₹ 27500BUYiOS 10, 8MP Cam, 4G Lenovo A7700 - 2GB RAM (Black) ₹ 7778BUY2GB RAM, 8MP+2MP Cam Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign New AI-based programme can predict patient's lifespan IIT Kharagpur develops technology for doctors to monitor hospital-bound patients Truecaller surpasses Facebook, becomes fourth most downloaded app in India Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn LIGO detects gravitational waves for third time TRAI floats consultation paper on data speeds under wireless broadband plans Facebook 'Perspectives' to help compare views of political parties 1Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision 2Microsoft's Skype draws inspiration from Snapchat in big redesign 3New AI-based programme can predict patient's lifespan 4IIT Kharagpur develops technology for doctors to monitor hospital-bound patients 5Truecaller surpasses Facebook, becomes fourth most downloaded app in India 6Apple expands Swift Playgrounds to robots, drones 7Apple app developers, many of them Indians, earned over $70 bn 8LIGO detects gravitational waves for third time 9TRAI floats consultation paper on data speeds under wireless broadband plans 10Facebook 'Perspectives' to help compare views of political parties About | Privacy | Write For Us | Contact | Authors | Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy | Gizmodo US | RSS More from our Partners Copyright @ 2017. Times Internet Limited. All rights reserved.For reprint rights. Times Syndication Service.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Bank Bonds That Are So 1980s Prove a Windfall for This Canadian Firm by Allison McNeely @allisonmcneely More stories by Allison McNeely June 2, 2017, 5:00 AM EDT June 2, 2017, 9:40 AM EDT Picton Mahoney sees returns of more than 20% on legacy hybrids Strategy hinges on scooping up capital debt set to be tendered Bank Bonds Prove Windfall for Canada Firm In a world where corporate bonds look expensive and it’s tough to find yield, one firm has been digging around in an overlooked corner of the bank bond market. Phil Mesman and his colleagues at Picton Mahoney Asset Management have been scooping up subordinated debt issued by the likes of JPMorgan Chase & Co., Barclays Plc, and Credit Agricole SA in the 1980s and 1990s that is trading at a discount to face value. The goal is to get repaid early at a premium to the current price. This strategy, which began almost two years ago with a spreadsheet plotting the rather tiny universe of the asset class, has handed the firm’s funds returns of more than 20 percent, Mesman said. These legacy hybrid capital notes were originally issued to convert to equity in the event of a bank failure. They trade at a discount primarily because of the low coupon, which is based on a spread over the London interbank offered rate, and uncertainty around whether or not they will be repaid early, Mesman said. The bonds, which also have a liquidity discount, have a maturity of 25 years or longer in most cases, and some are perpetual bonds, he said. The bond covenants and structures are good for investors, because they make it difficult for a bank to convert the bonds to equity in the event it needs to shore up capital levels. Regulators have said that banks need to take out the bonds before Jan. 1, 2022, Mesman said, putting a deadline on opportunities in the trade. “It’s an incredible risk-reward,” Mesman, senior partner and portfolio manager, said by phone from Toronto. He manages more than C$700 million ($518 million) in fixed income of Picton’s C$6.8 billion of assets. “Typically they would be rated BB or higher-quality high-yield instruments, but the bank issuers are all investment grade.” Stamp Collecting Mesman estimates that his firm is one of only a few players in the $5 billion to $7 billion market, with most of the investors and dealers concentrated in Europe. The bonds represent about 30 percent of both Picton Mahoney’s main fund, the Fortified Income Fund, and the Income Opportunities Fund, as well as about 50 percent of the firm’s special-situations fund, he said. It’s a strategy that can only be pursued by knowledgeable investors who have flexibility with their investment horizon and don’t have to follow an index, Roger Francis, a credit analyst at Mizuho International Plc in London, said by phone. He said he’s heard the strategy compared to stamp collecting. “They’re rare and you find them in the back of drawers,” he said. “It’s a relatively small asset class.” The main risks with these old bank bonds is liquidity -- they’re difficult to trade in tough market conditions -- and that a bank will opt not to call or tender for them early, Francis said. The strategy hinges on correctly identifying which bonds are candidates to be repaid early, or which banks might be willing to negotiate, Mesman said. Direct Approach “If we find a bond where perhaps 50 percent to 60 percent of the issue has already been tendered over the years, then we’ll approach them directly and offer them our bonds at a certain price,” he said. Credit Agricole recently tendered for 371.23 million euros of a perpetual bond at 78 cents on the euro, but investors only took them up on part of the offer, suggesting that they’re waiting for a higher payout, Mesman said. His firm sold 25 percent of their 25 million euro position in the bond and are waiting for a higher price for the rest, he said. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up To be sure, there has been some headline uncertainty with some banks in Europe, Mesman said. Deutsche Bank AG, UniCredit SpA, and other European banks have in the past been at risk of not paying the coupons on their bonds. While failure to pay interest would be tantamount to default for most debt securities, coupon payments on newer contingent convertible bonds, known as CoCos, are discretionary. Once missed, though, they are gone forever. With their strategy, Mesman and colleagues focus on buying older notes generally from U.K. and U.S. banks. They also hedge using tools including bank stock and currencies, he said. The bonds generally pay in U.S. dollars. “We’re looking for situations where they’re taking them out sooner, ideally within the next 12 months,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home Puerto Rico's Exodus Is Speeding the Island’s Economic Collapse What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Denmark Is Killing Tesla (and Other Electric Cars) Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Who's Who in G20 Eminent Persons Group (Clockwise from top left) Mr Jean-Claude Trichet, Lord Nicholas Stern, Mr Ali Babacan and Dr Raghuram Rajan are four of the sixteen members in the Eminent Persons Group.PHOTOS: REUTERS, THE BUSINESS TIMES, ST PHOTO: SEAH KWANG PENG PublishedJun 2, 2017, 7:15 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Purchase Article Permalink: http://str.sg/4Ld7 Copy Rupali Karekar rupsk@sph.com.sg SINGAPORE - Deputy Prime Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam is the chairman of the 16-member international group of top economists and leaders which has been tasked to review issues related to global financial governance. Here's a look at the other prominent names in the Eminent Persons Group and their contributions to the field of world finance: Dr John Taylor, 70 Stanford University professor is one of the highest-regarded thinkers and influential economist of our time. A former Under Secretary of the Treasury for International Affairs of the United States, Dr Taylor's contributions to monetary economics have been huge, including the well known 'Taylor rule' - a simple equation intended as a tool for policymakers to target interest rates. The equation is now essentially seen as the rule of thumb of monetary policy. Dr Taylor has also been active in the field of public policy, and has been listed by Thomson Reuters among 'citation laureates' who are likely to win the Nobel Prize in Economics in future. Mr Jean-Claude Trichet,74 The former European Central Bank president, popular as 'Monsieur Euro' in the Eurozone, has had an illustrious 40-year career in the world of finance. Originally trained as an engineer, he rose through the ranks of French bureaucracy to serve in roles like deputy head of International Monetary Fund (IMF), governor of the Bank of France etc, and has won the Financial Times 'personality of the year award' for his management of the early sub-prime crises in 2007. Mr Trichet is known to talk with his opponents on policy, and try to convince those who disagree with him. He also enjoys the comedy of 'Ali G' - a satirical fictional character created by British comedian Sacha Baron Cohen. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Lord Nicholas Stern, 71 British economist and London School of Economics professor was the former chief economist and senior vice president of the World Bank. His review on Economics of Climate Change released in 2006, was a landmark document which was recognised as a definitive account of economic dangers to the planet due to global warming. Lord Stern, who had warned in the document that the cost of inaction on climate change would be far greater for future generations, has been reported to state in hindsight that he "underestimated the risks and underplayed the dangers" of climate change and that he "should have been much stronger in what (he) said in the report". Dr Jacob Frenkel, 74 The Israeli economist and chairman of JPMorgan Chase International was the former governor of the Bank of Israel. He has had an illustrious career in various banks and financial institutions including Merrill Lynch International, American International Group, the IMF Fund, as well as investment advisory roles in councils for Turkey and China Development Bank. Dr Raghuram Rajan, 54 The youngest economist to be appointed IMF's chief economist in 2003, debonair Dr Rajan was also the winner of the Fischer Black Prize, given every two years to an economists under 40 who has made the most significant contribution to the theory and practice of finance. The 'rockstar' banker from India served two terms as governor of the country's central bank and was also the chief economic adviser at India's Finance Ministry. He was responsible for fending off volatility from US Federal Reserve's tapering in 2013 on India's economy, and initiating the clean up of its banking system which was stinking in bad loans. Mr Zhu Min, 65 The former deputy managing director of the IMF and former deputy governor of the People's Bank of China is now president of the National Institute of Financial Research at Tsinghua University. He has published extensively on a wide range of issues like   39128423_-_19_07_2016_-_xechina20.jpg Related Story G20 group to consult widely, think deeply about review of global financial governance: Tharman macroeconomic management, financial regulation and financial markets. Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, 62 Former World Bank managing director and Nigerian finance minister, Dr Okonjo-Iweala is known to have helped grow her country's economy - the largest in Africa - an average 6 per cent per annum in the last thre years. She is credited with developing reform programs that helped improve governmental transparency and stabilizing the economy. The Harvard- and MIT-trained Dr Okonjo-Iweala spent 21 years as a development economist at the World Bank. Dr Otmar Issing, 81 German economist Dr Issing was a founding member of executive board of the European Central Bank and its first chief economist. He is widely regarded as the architect of the euro, having left the Deutsche Bundesbank to join the ECB in 1998 specifically to create the EU currency. He has since criticised ECB as a 'house of cards' which will collapse. In 2010, he slammed the first Greek rescue as little more than a bailout for German and French banks, insisting that it would have been far better to eject Greece from the euro as a salutary lesson for all. Dr Issing headed the Advisory Council on a New Financial Order appointed by German Chancellor Angela Merkel in her first term. He also was a member of the High Level Group of the European Commission. Dr Takatoshi Ito, 66 Japanese economist and former Columbia University professor was the former member of the Prime Minister's Council on Economic and Fiscal Policy of Japan and the former Deputy Vice-Minister of Finance for International Affairs of Japan.   ST_20161201_CYTHARMAN01_2778962.jpg Related Story Tharman to chair global financial experts' group Dr Andrés Velasco, 57 The former finance minister of Chile is a professor in Columbia University. He has been recognised for his contributions to economic research, the design of policies, and the creation of research institutions in Latin America and the Caribbean. He has also been a consultant for the IMF, the Inter-American Development Bank, the World Bank, and for the governments of the Dominican Republic, Mexico and El Salvador. He has written a number of books. Dr Nora Lustig, 66 Tulane University profesor Dr Lustig is the founding member and past president of the Latin American and Caribbean Economic Association. She was the lead author of the World Development Report 2000/1 'Attacking Poverty', and has other research to her credit like Mexico, the Remaking of an Economy which was recognised as an Outstanding Academic Book. Mr Fabrizio Saccomanni,74 Italian economist and the former senior deputy governor of the Bank of Italy was also the former Minister for Economy and Finance in Italy. Mr Sufian Ahmed, 58 An advisor to Prime Minister of Ethiopia and the country's former Minister for Finance and Economic Development, Mr Ahmed has had an illustrious career as a civil servant after a humble beginning as an instructor in Addis Ababa University. Mr Ali Babacan, 50 The Turkish member of parliament was former Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey responsible for the economy. He has worked as a financial consultant to top executives of major US banks. Dr Marek Belka, 64 Former Prime Minister and Finance Minister of Poland, he was also the former director of the International Monetary Fund's European Department and former president of the National Bank of Poland SOURCES: FORBES, GUARDIAN, WSJ Topics:  G-20 (GROUP OF 20) THARMAN SHANMUGARATNAM WEB SPECIALS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4Ld7 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Manz AG (M5Z) Given a €47.00 Price Target at Warburg Research Symrise AG (SY1) Given a €57.00 Price Target by Sanford C. Bernstein Analysts Macquarie Analysts Give Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) a €114.00 Price Target Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) Given a €18.80 Price Target by HSBC Holdings plc Analysts Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €140.00 Price Target by Baader Bank Analysts Lanxess AG (LXS) Given a €70.00 Price Target at S&P Global Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates €106.00 Price Target for Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Workday Target of Unusually High Options Trading (WDAY) Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for National Bank of Canada (NA) Issued By National Bank Financial Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for Spark Energy Inc (SPKE) Lifted by FBR & Co Stock Traders Buy High Volume of Call Options on Williams Companies (WMB) Wolfe Research Lowers Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) to Market Perform Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Hold Rating for Kimberly Clark Corp (KMB) Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Legg Mason Inc (LM) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein KLA-Tencor Corp (KLAC) Price Target Raised to $120.00 at Cowen and Company Ciena Co. (CIEN) Price Target Raised to $32.00 Express, Inc. (EXPR) Given New $10.00 Price Target at Wolfe Research Exane Derivatives Has $100,000 Stake in Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie set a GBX 4,100 ($52.67) price target on Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities research analysts also recently commented on RIO. Liberum Capital reissued a sell rating on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a report on Friday, May 26th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their target price on Rio Tinto plc from GBX 3,700 ($47.53) to GBX 4,000 ($51.38) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. Deutsche Bank AG set a GBX 4,000 ($51.38) target price on Rio Tinto plc and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on Rio Tinto plc from GBX 3,800 ($48.81) to GBX 4,000 ($51.38) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. Finally, BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 3,600 ($46.24) price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus target price of GBX 3,556.81 ($45.69). Shares of Rio Tinto plc (LON RIO) opened at 3122.56 on Monday. Rio Tinto plc has a 12 month low of GBX 1,853.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 3,718.50. The company’s market cap is GBX 56.18 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3,078.27 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3,232.39. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Given a GBX 4,100 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/rio-tinto-plc-rio-given-a-gbx-4100-price-target-by-macquarie-analysts-2.html. In other Rio Tinto plc news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques acquired 12 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, April 24th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 3,043 ($39.09) per share, with a total value of £365.16 ($469.06). Rio Tinto plc Company Profile Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Balance of Power: Trump Alone by David Tweed @DavidTweed More stories by David Tweed , Craig Gordon @dcraiggordon More stories by Craig Gordon , and Ben Sills @bensills23 More stories by Ben Sills June 2, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT What the U.S. Departure Means for the Paris Agreement President Donald Trump's decision to abandon the Paris climate accord touched off a furious and immediate backlash, igniting condemnation from C-suites and capitals around the world. But one man was left a clear winner. China's President Xi Jinping now has another opportunity to burnish his country’s image as a clean-energy innovator and global champion in fighting climate change. Not a bad spot for the world's No. 1 polluter. Xi has been deliberate in moving into the spaces Trump abandons. He runs a command economy but told the global elite at Davos this year that China is now a bastion of free trade. His Belt and Road Forum last month was meant to prove China -- not the U.S. -- is now in the vanguard of globalization. China's also getting friendlier with Germany's Angela Merkel, who can barely hide her growing distaste for Trump. Trump now is alone and isolated. His rhetoric explaining the decision may play well in some working-class precincts in Pittsburgh but in Paris, Emmanuel Macron is all but mocking him: “Make our planet great again,” he tweeted.  Now China may be only too happy to grab that slogan for itself. Sign up to receive the Balance of Power newsletter in your inbox, and follow Bloomberg Politics on Twitter and Facebook for more. Chinese President Xi Jinping attends a ceremony inside the Great Hall of the People on March 25, 2015, in Beijing.  Photographer: Feng Li/Getty Images Global Headlines CEO outrage | Normally, global executives applaud attempts to roll back regulation. And Trump's announcement was hardly a shock. But the reaction from most CEOs was striking in its outrage. Goldman Sachs's Lloyd Blankfein took to Twitter for the first time to slam it, while Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan said he will continue to press for emissions controls. Virgin Group founder Richard Branson, meanwhile, said the decision made him want to cry. What does it mean for investors? | The biggest winners from Trump’s decision are oil, coal and natural gas producers. And even they aren’t popping Champagne corks. As Joe Ryan and Naureen Malik write today, that’s because individual government policies around the world, changing economics and cheaper solar power are already spurring a shift toward cleaner energy. So while Trump quitting Paris may be a boon for fossil fuels, it’s not necessarily moving markets. Trump asks Supreme Court to revive travel ban | The administration has asked the U.S. Supreme Court to immediately reinstate its stalled travel ban, aiming to reverse a string of courtroom losses and setting up the biggest legal showdown of the young presidency. The case - Trump's first initiative to go before the high court - brings the nine justices into a dispute over claims that the president is targeting Muslims.  May goes easy on Trump | While Germany, France and Italy protested in unison at Trump’s climate decision, Britain's Theresa May waited more than three hours to respond and when she did, she merely expressed her “disappointment.” Her reticence was another sign of the distance opening up between the U.K. and Europe ahead of the Brexit talks and showed how careful she's trying to be with Trump as she eyes an eventual free-trade deal.  Is Putin trolling America? | The Russian president yesterday gave his strongest hint yet that Russian hackers could have been involved in interfering with foreign elections. While repeating past denials that he had anything to do with the cyber attacks on Hillary Clinton, Putin told reporters that he couldn’t rule out involvement by free-spirited and patriotic “artists” who want to strike back against foreign criticism of their country. Manila casino horror | At least 36 people died at a casino and hotel in the Philippine capital after a gunman opened fire and torched the complex. The dead appeared to have suffocated in thick smoke, police said, after the assailant killed himself. The incident sparked a security lock down amid fears that Islamist militants from the country's south were responsible, but authorities have now ruled out terrorism and say the perpetrator may have been mentally disturbed. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Mexico's populists are on the move | The ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party has dominated the country's political landscape for nearly nine decades, and in that time has never lost control of Mexico State. But as Nacha Cattan writes, surging crime, stagnant wages, corruption and Trump mean the governorship is now up for grabs. Should arch-populist Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador emerge victorious from Sunday's vote, it could set him up to win next year's presidential election.  Lewandowski and Kushner hug it out | Ousted Trump campaign manager Corey Lewandowski's relationship with Trump's son-in-law and top adviser, Jared Kushner, seems to be on the mend. The pair's Rose Garden stroll this week ended in a hug, a sign that Kushner may no longer be a barrier to Lewandowski, now a private consultant, working more closely with the White House.  And finally... At an economic summit in Russia, newly minted NBC host Megyn Kelly bantered with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi as she prepared to host a panel with the two leaders later today. “Are you on Twitter?” she asked Modi in St Petersburg. “Yes!” he boomed. India's leader actually has has more than 30 million Twitter followers. (For anyone keeping score, Kelly has 2.3 million.) Here's how some of the world's most-followed leaders rank.  Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump to Exit Climate Pact as Allies Deride Call for Do-Over Wal-Mart Asks Employees to Deliver Packages on Their Way Home Puerto Rico's Exodus Is Speeding the Island’s Economic Collapse What Did Trump Just Do? The Paris Climate Withdrawal Explained Denmark Is Killing Tesla (and Other Electric Cars) Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट News & Analysis Reviews WWDC Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firstpost Shareworthy Kerala temple organises iftar party for 500 Muslims, offers vegetarian feast to foster religious harmony NBC journalist Megyn Kelly asks Narendra Modi if he is on Twitter, causes online outrage Game of Thrones: Harvard introduces course based on George RR Martin's books and HBO TV show Scientists discover Australian plant extract that can kill Zika virus Emmanuel Macron to Elon Musk: How the world reacted to Donald Trump's withdrawal from Paris Climate Accord Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Elon Musk and Robert Iger leave Trump advisory councils after decision on Paris climate accord   02 Jun 2017 , 14:52 #Climate change Image: Reuters Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump’s manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that “as a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.” He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration’s immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump’s CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. “I accepted the invitation to serve on the President’s CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors,” Fink said in a statement. “I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world,” said Fink, whose company is the world’s largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. “I do not agree with all of the president’s policies and decisions, including today’s announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change.” Asked about Musk’s resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that “anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem.” Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation “provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues.” In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it “will not waver from our commitment to the environment.” It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump’s panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes “climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities.” Reuters Publish date: June 2, 2017 2:52 pm| Modified date: June 2, 2017 2:52 pm Tags: climate change, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Paris, Paris Climate Accord, Robert Iger, Tesla, Trump, Walt Disney Also read President Trump tweets “covfefe”; Twitter has a field day Donald Trump announces America’s withdrawal from the Paris climate accord X Recommended For You Earth Hour 2017: Less tweeting and minor lifestyle changes can help you fight climate change Greenpeace calls Apple the greenest tech company, dubs data centres ‘factories of the digital age’ Arctic temperature spikes to 30 degrees Celsius higher than normal, above freezing point of water Obama official urges researchers to raise the alarm if Trump skews science Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #Entry-level smartphones Jun 3, 2017 Entry-level showdown: Moto C vs Xiaomi Redmi 4 vs Xiaomi Redmi 4A #Apple Jun 3, 2017 WWDC 2017: Apple to announce better Siri integration with apps, will take a different route from Amazon’s Alexa #Partnered May 15, 2017 Selfie experience just gone better with OPPO’s new F3 smartphones #Wipro Jun 2, 2017 Wipro strengthens security after second e-mail threat #Spotify Jun 2, 2017 Online music streaming service Spotify could be listed on the stock market in the coming year #Internet Jun 2, 2017 Akamai Technologies report ranks India on 89th sport in terms of average internet connection speeds SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy A5 (2017) review: A well-built phone that lives or dies by Samsung Pay Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Market records; Jobs report; Oil prices drop - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Golf Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Golf Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Market records; Jobs report; Oil prices drop Posted: Friday, June 2, 2017 4:52 AM EDT Updated: Friday, June 2, 2017 4:52 AM EDT By Alanna Petroff LONDON (CNNMoney) -- 1. New records in sight?: U.S. stock markets hit record levels on Thursday and the momentum is set to continue. Stock futures are pointing higher. The Dow added 136 points to close at 21,144 on Thursday, its first record close since March 1. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq also finished at all-time highs. While many American were focused on the fallout from President Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal, market analysts said Wall Street's march higher was linked to healthy signals from the U.S. economy. "It's not because of the climate accord. People expected that," said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds. Investors instead focused on a report from ADP that showed the U.S. added 253,000 private-sector jobs in May. "It was a very strong reading and helps reduce worries the economy had lost momentum," Kelly said. 2. Jobs, jobs, jobs: Investors are hoping for more good news when the U.S. jobs report is published at 8:30 a.m. ET. Economists surveyed by CNNMoney predict the U.S. added 179,00 jobs in May. They expect the unemployment rate to remain at 4.4%. "Everything indicates an economy that is at full employment," said Paul Donovan, global chief economist at UBS Wealth Management. "With full employment reached, the economic focus is whether the labor market can provide higher incomes." A solid jobs report will likely clear the way for the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later this month. 3. Mind the gap: The U.S. Census Bureau is releasing new trade balance data at 8:30 a.m. The monthly report for April is expected to show the U.S. continued to import more than it exports, leading to a trade gap worth about $44 billion in the month. Trump has seized on America's trade deficit as a serious problem, especially with nations like China and Germany. 4. Global market moves: European markets were rising in early trading. The Dax in Germany led the way with a 1% gain. Asian markets ended the day with gains. The Nikkei in Japan performed particularly well with a 1.6% jump. Crude oil futures were down 2% to trade just below $47.50 per barrel. Gold slipped by 0.5% to trade near $1,265 per ounce. 5. Coming this week: Friday - U.S. jobs report at 8:30 a.m. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HeidelbergCement AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HeidelbergCement AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €107.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Give GEA Group Aktiengesellschaft (G1A) a €42.00 Price Target Berenberg Bank Reiterates €9.50 Price Target for Evotec AG (EVT) Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Initiates Coverage on CUI Global Inc (CUI) Short Interest in Entegra Financial Corp (ENFC) Drops By 6.8% IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Now Covered by Aegis Wedbush Comments on Genuine Parts Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (GPC) Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets At Home Group Inc (HOME) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Upgrades Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to “Buy” Short Interest in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Grows By 11.8% SLM Corp (SLM) Short Interest Update Crane Co. (CR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Cuts Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target to $94.00 Vipera Plc (VIP) PT Raised to GBX 7 Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Raised to Buy at Jefferies Group LLC HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Given a €95.00 Price Target by Citigroup Inc Analysts June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc set a €95.00 ($106.74) target price on HeidelbergCement AG (ETR:HEI) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the basic materials company’s stock. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Barclays PLC set a €80.00 ($89.89) price objective on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Tuesday, April 18th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €86.00 ($96.63) price objective on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €89.00 ($100.00) price objective on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. Societe Generale set a €87.00 ($97.75) price objective on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, May 12th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a €102.00 ($114.61) price objective on shares of HeidelbergCement AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Saturday, May 20th. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €92.86 ($104.33). HeidelbergCement AG (ETR HEI) opened at 83.95 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €85.40 and its 200 day moving average price is €86.88. The company has a market capitalization of €16.66 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.20. HeidelbergCement AG has a 12-month low of €65.23 and a 12-month high of €94.42. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/heidelbergcement-ag-hei-given-a-95-00-price-target-by-citigroup-inc-analysts.html. HeidelbergCement AG Company Profile Heidelbergcement AG is a Germany-based building materials company. Its products are used for the construction of houses, infrastructure and commercial and industrial facilities. The Company operates through for segments: Cements, Aggregates, Ready-Mixed Concrete-Asphalt and Service- Joint Ventures – Other. Receive News & Ratings for HeidelbergCement AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HeidelbergCement AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Market records; Jobs report; Oil prices drop Market records; Jobs report; Oil prices drop Posted on Friday, June 2, 2017 by CNN in Business News 1. New records in sight?: U.S. stock markets hit record levels on Thursday and the momentum is set to continue. Stock futures are pointing higher. The Dow added 136 points to close at 21,144 on Thursday, its first record close since March 1. The S&P 500 and Nasdaq also finished at all-time highs. While many American were focused on the fallout from President Trump’s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate deal, market analysts said Wall Street’s march higher was linked to healthy signals from the U.S. economy. “It’s not because of the climate accord. People expected that,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds. Investors instead focused on a report from ADP that showed the U.S. added 253,000 private-sector jobs in May. “It was a very strong reading and helps reduce worries the economy had lost momentum,” Kelly said. 2. Jobs, jobs, jobs: Investors are hoping for more good news when the U.S. jobs report is published at 8:30 a.m. ET. Economists surveyed by CNNMoney predict the U.S. added 179,00 jobs in May. They expect the unemployment rate to remain at 4.4%. “Everything indicates an economy that is at full employment,” said Paul Donovan, global chief economist at UBS Wealth Management. “With full employment reached, the economic focus is whether the labor market can provide higher incomes.” A solid jobs report will likely clear the way for the U.S. Federal Reserve to raise interest rates later this month. 3. Mind the gap: The U.S. Census Bureau is releasing new trade balance data at 8:30 a.m. The monthly report for April is expected to show the U.S. continued to import more than it exports, leading to a trade gap worth about $44 billion in the month. Trump has seized on America’s trade deficit as a serious problem, especially with nations like China and Germany. 4. Global market moves: European markets were rising in early trading. The Dax in Germany led the way with a 1% gain. Asian markets ended the day with gains. The Nikkei in Japan performed particularly well with a 1.6% jump. Crude oil futures were down 2% to trade just below $47.50 per barrel. Gold slipped by 0.5% to trade near $1,265 per ounce. 5. Coming this week: Friday – U.S. jobs report at 8:30 a.m. May jobs report: 4 things to know Tim Cook: I asked Trump to stick with Paris climate deal 'but it wasn't enough' Related Posts Hatchimals hatch into duds for some on Christmas Iran’s hidden role in Saudi Arabia’s cheap oil stance Top employers for new grads in Europe Revenue Department Releases March Collections Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stabilus SA (STM) PT Set at €66.00 by Hauck & Aufhaeuser Wacker Chemie AG (WCH) PT Set at €98.00 by Morgan Stanley Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) PT Set at $35.00 by BMO Capital Markets At Home Group Inc (HOME) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Upgrades Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) to “Buy” Short Interest in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Grows By 11.8% SLM Corp (SLM) Short Interest Update Crane Co. (CR) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Cuts Burlington Stores Inc (BURL) Price Target to $94.00 Vipera Plc (VIP) PT Raised to GBX 7 Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Raised to Buy at Jefferies Group LLC AU Optronics Corp (AUO) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Wood & Company Upgrades Atwood Oceanics, Inc. (ATW) to Market Perform Bank of Nova Scotia (BNS) Expected to Earn Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.66 Per Share Masco Corp (MAS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada PDF Solutions, Inc. (PDFS) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Telefonica Deutschland Holding AG (O2D) Given a €4.00 Price Target by BNP Paribas Analysts Telefonica Brasil SA (VIV) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Commerzbank Ag set a €13.00 ($14.61) price objective on Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (FRA:PBB) in a research note released on Monday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. equinet AG set a €11.30 ($12.70) price objective on Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €11.40 ($12.81) price objective on Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Nord/LB set a €11.50 ($12.92) price objective on Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a €13.30 ($14.94) price objective on Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research report on Saturday, May 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €12.10 ($13.60). Shares of Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) opened at 11.525 on Monday. Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG has a 1-year low of €7.88 and a 1-year high of €12.97. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €12.32 and its 200 day moving average price is €10.61. The stock has a market cap of €1.56 billion and a PE ratio of 7.730. WARNING: “Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG (PBB) Given a €13.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/deutsche-pfandbriefbank-ag-pbb-given-a-13-00-price-target-at-commerzbank-ag.html. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Pfandbriefbank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter tech US world science US politics business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › tech home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Elon Musk Elon Musk and Disney boss quit Trump's business panel over Paris pullout High-profile departures from business advisory role shine light on other panel members and their beliefs Tesla CEO Elon Musk sits beside Senior Counselor to the President Steve Bannon as US President Donald Trump hosts a strategy and policy forum with chief executives of major US companies. Photograph: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Elon Musk Elon Musk and Disney boss quit Trump's business panel over Paris pullout High-profile departures from business advisory role shine light on other panel members and their beliefs Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Dominic Rushe in New York @dominicru Friday 2 June 2017 04.15 EDT Last modified on Friday 2 June 2017 12.30 EDT Donald Trump may think tackling climate change is bad for business. But business? Not so much. Two of the US’s biggest business leaders, Tesla founder Elon Musk and Disney’s Robert Iger, have quit Trump’s high-powered business advisory panel after the president pressed ahead with plans to pull out of the Paris climate accord. Elon Musk (@elonmusk) Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. June 1, 2017 Robert Iger (@RobertIger) As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal. June 1, 2017 Trump created his business advisory panel shortly after his election as he sought to show how his administration would revamp the US by “drawing on private sector expertise”. The departures are a disaster for the president. While Trump has claimed an economic rationale for the US’s exit from the most ambitious climate change agreement in history, big business has cried foul. To make matters worse, Goldman Sachs chief executive Lloyd Blankfein (who is not on Trump’s business panel but knows a thing or two about making money) chose Thursday to launch his first tweet in condemnation of the move. Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement June 1, 2017 The two defections and Blankfein’s message leave a lot of other people on Trump’s high-powered business council in a very awkward position, given their own – and their companies’ – views on Paris and climate change. Here’s a sample of Trump’s business team and the conflicts they now face. Jamie Dimon – chairman, president and CEO of JPMorgan Chase The banking titan is no fan of regulation but even he clearly thinks some is necessary, especially when it comes to the environment. “Some regulations quite clearly create a common good (e.g. clean air and water),” he wrote in his 45-page letter to shareholders this year. Trump in the meantime has been frantically signing executive orders to repeal Obama-era air and water protections. Trump may have missed Dimon’s buried critique, but he won’t have missed Dimon’s signature alongside fellow councilmembers Musk and Iger, who joined a total of 30 other business leaders in sending a letter to the president that begins: “We are writing to express our strong support for the United States remaining in the Paris climate agreement.” “Based on our vast experience doing business all over the world, we believe there is strong potential for negative trade implications if the United States exits from the Paris agreement,” they wrote. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump flanked by Blackstone CEO Stephen Schwarzman and General Motors CEO Mary Barra, both bosses have expressed concern about climate change. Photograph: Kevin Lamarque/Reuters Stephen Schwarzman – co-founder, chairman and CEO of Blackstone The billionaire founder of investment group Blackstone is literally Trump’s right-hand man on the council. He’s a New York player who likes Saudi princes, companies that slash worker benefits and throwing lavish parties that would make an emperor blush, so you’d think there would be no tension here. But Schwarzman too is out of step with Trump and believes climate change is real. His Schwarzman Scholars educational program funds research into the impact of climate change, and here’s Blackstone’s vice-chairman Byron Wien on climate change in a blogpost from last year: “The climate change problem is real, but not immediate and it is hard to get policy makers to focus on it, despite rising temperatures and sea levels ... According to some climate experts, in 200 years most major cities will be in danger, but there is not a sense of urgency that will get world leaders to deal with this problem now.” Indra Nooyi – chairwoman and CEO of PepsiCo Pepsi has signed the business world’s version of the Paris climate agreement. Last year the company’s plans to reduce its emissions were approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative, a program backed by the UN and others that is in alignment with the Paris agreement and has approved similar plans by another 43 of the world’s biggest companies. “Combating climate change is absolutely critical to the future of our company, customers, consumers – and our world,” Nooyi said in 2014. Trump could switch to Coke, but they signed too. Celebrating 1237! #Trump2016 A post shared by President Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on May 26, 2016 at 2:29pm PDT Mary Barra – chairwoman and CEO of General Motors Barra normally gets to sit to Trump’s left when his business council meets, and that’s clearly where she is in relation to his environmental views. “Environmental stewardship and sustainability are part of our business model and core to our operations,” Barra said in GM’s annual sustainability report last year. The company is aiming for a world of “zero emissions, zero congestion and zero crashes”. Shareholders force ExxonMobil to come clean on cost of climate change Read more Larry Fink – chairman and CEO of BlackRock BlackRock, an investment manager that overseas $5tn in assets, has become increasingly vocal about its concerns on climate change. Fink has warned CEOs he is losing patience with those that fail to account for how they will address the cost of climate change, both from new regulation and a changing planet. Exxon, Occidental Petroleum and PPL, a large utility holding company, have all been forced to be more transparent about the impact of climate change on their businesses after pressure from BlackRock. Ginni Rometty – chairwoman, president and CEO of IBM Rometty’s support of Trump caused consternation at IBM where over 2,300 staff members signed a petition, saying the decision undermined the company’s “core values of diversity, inclusiveness, and ethical business conduct”. In March, IBM was awarded a 2017 Climate Leadership Award by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions and the Climate Registry, its fifth such award in six years. “As IBM stated 10 years ago, ‘Climate change is one of the most critical global environmental challenges facing the planet.’ That is even truer today,” Wayne Balta, vice-president for corporate environmental affairs and product safety, wrote in a blogpost. Doug McMillon – president and CEO of Walmart Stores Walmart is another signatory to the Science Based Targets Initiative, and McMillon has set ambitious targets for reducing the retailer’s emissions. Working with suppliers, it aims to reduce emissions by 1 gigaton (or 1bn metric tons) by 2030, “equivalent to taking more than 211m passenger vehicles off of US roads and highways for a year”, McMillon announced last year. Trump probably thinks a gigaton is a new truck. He likes trucks. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump in the driver’s seat of an 18-wheeler while meeting with truck drivers and trucking CEOs in March. Photograph: Jim Lo Scalzo/EPA Topics Elon Musk Donald Trump Trump administration Paris climate agreement news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content more on this story EU to bypass Trump administration after Paris climate agreement pullout Brussels rejects Trump’s offer to renegotiate landmark deal, as global politicians, business leaders and US state governors criticise president Published: 2 Jun 2017 EU to bypass Trump administration after Paris climate agreement pullout Paris climate agreement: World reacts as Trump pulls out of global accord – as it happened US president ditches current agreement: ‘We’re getting out, but we’ll start to negotiate and we’ll see if we can make a deal that’s fair’ Published: 2 Jun 2017 Paris climate agreement: World reacts as Trump pulls out of global accord – as it happened 'Yes or no?' White House won't say if Trump is a climate change denier Officials say they don’t know president’s personal views or what changes to the Paris agreement he is looking for Published: 2 Jun 2017 'Yes or no?' White House won't say if Trump is a climate change denier City halls and landmarks turn green in support of Paris climate deal Local government buildings in New York, Boston, Washington DC, Montreal and Paris lit up after US withdrawal from accord Published: 2 Jun 2017 City halls and landmarks turn green in support of Paris climate deal America first, world second: Trump ditches Paris deal Published: 1 Jun 2017 America first, world second: Trump ditches Paris deal The Paris deal pullout is more damaging to the US than the climate Published: 1 Jun 2017 The Paris deal pullout is more damaging to the US than the climate The Republicans who urged Trump to pull out of Paris deal are big oil darlings Published: 1 Jun 2017 The Republicans who urged Trump to pull out of Paris deal are big oil darlings Trump ready to withdraw US from Paris climate agreement, reports say Published: 1 Jun 2017 Trump ready to withdraw US from Paris climate agreement, reports say More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Technology › Elon Musk tech US world science US politics business back to top become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Cricket World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets Jun 02, 2017 01:18 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Sensex @ fresh record high! 10 investment ideas that can return up to 38% in 1 year Global brokerage firms such as Citigroup remains bullish on India markets, although with the slightly cautious stance. Kshitij Anand Moneycontrol News The S&P BSE Sensex hit a fresh record high of 31,332.56 while Nifty recorded a fresh lifetime high of 9,673.50 on Friday. The Indian market has already gained over 17 percent so far in the year 2017. Global brokerage firms such as Citigroup remains bullish on India markets, although with the slightly cautious stance. Citi India has upped the Sensex target for FY18 to 32,200. Explaining this upgrade, Surendra Goyal, Director and Head of India Equity Research at Citi Research said that Q4 FY17 earnings have come in slightly ahead of estimates, so this change in the target is more of a roll forward. He is overweight on healthcare, especially in hospitals and midcap pharmaceutical companies. His pecking order for financials is private banks, NBFCs and then public sector banks. “We are positive on financials in general, bigger overweights are still in the private sector banking, we have buy on a lot of non-banking financial companies (NBFCs) and selective on public sector banks”, he further mentioned. However, BofA-ML raised its cautious stance on Indian market in the short term. The market is expensive and the breadth of re-rating is extraordinary, Sanjay Mookim of Bank of America Merrill Lynch said in an interview with CNBC-TV18. He said the market is expensive and the breadth of re-rating is extraordinary. There is a strong chance the current valuations driven rally turns, Mookim said, adding the brokerage house stayed cautious with a Sensex December 2017 target of 30,000. It looks like benchmark indices are likely to trade in a range but there will be stock specific action. We have collated a list of top 10 stocks recommended by different brokerage firms such as CLSA, JPMorgan and Macquarie in separate notes to their clients in separate notes to their clients for an investment period of 1 year: Maruti Suzuki: BUY| Target Rs 7,400| Upside 4% Deutsche Bank maintains a buy rating on Maruti Suzuki but raised its 12-months target price to Rs 7400 from Rs 7000 earlier. Maruti’s overall volumes including both domestic and exports came at 136,534 units, up over 11 percent on a YoY basis. The domestic volumes were at 130,676 units. Cars grew at 18 percent on a YoY basis while SUV segment grew by 66 percent YoY. However, on a YTD basis, market-share for Maruti is at 51 percent which is higher than FY17 market share of 50 percent. “Maruti continues to be in a sweet spot from a demand perspective as the products launched in the past 2 years continue to have a waiting period. In addition, this year the company is likely to launch the all-new versions of two of its most successful models (Swift & Dzire),” said Deutsche Bank. Astral Poly: BUY| Target Rs 685| Upside 13% CLSA maintains a buy rating on Astral Poly with a 12-months target price of Rs 685. It is one of the top picks in CLSA’s midcap portfolio. Astral reported strong EBITDA/net profit growth of 38%/51% on a year-on-year (YoY) basis in 4QFY17. The EBITDA margin expanded 286bps YoY led by backwards integration benefits in pipes and operating leverage benefits in adhesives. “We believe the competitive advantage of manufacturing its own CPVC compound and scale up in the adhesives business will lead to a robust 33 percent earnings per share (EPS) CAGR over FY17-19,” said the CLSA note. Max Financial: BUY| Target Rs 700| Upside 13% CLSA maintains a buy recommendation on Max Financial but raised its 12-month target price to Rs 700 from Rs 680 earlier. FY17 was a good year for Max Life Insurance with 27 percent growth in premiums, healthy value of new business (VNB) margins of 18 percent and return on enterprise value (ROEV) of 20 percent. Demonetisation helped premium growth and better product mix as well as persistency ratio aided margins. As per management, a tie-up with Axis Bank (58% of premium) will stay until 2021 and management is committed to consummate the merger with HDFC Life; clarity on regulatory approvals will be key. Prestige Estates: BUY| Target 318| Upside 28% CLSA maintains a buy rating on Prestige Estates with a 12-months target price of Rs 318. The company recorded 52 percent QoQ improvement in pre-sales and 22 percent QoQ growth in customer collections show that it has recovered from the demonetisation lows. After sales missing targets for two consecutive years, declining 25 percent on a YoY basis in FY17, management has guided for over 40 percent growth in FY18. “While presales growth may run the risk of new launch revivals, we are much more sanguine on the lease income growth target of 20% YoY, despite recent job slowdown worries,” said the CLSA note. Apollo Hospitals (AHEL): Overweight| Target Rs1537| Upside 23% Morgan Stanley maintains an overweight rating on Apollo Hospitals with a 12-month target price of Rs1537. Apollo Hospitals targets 7 percent volume growth and 4-5 percent improvement in average revenue per occupied bed (ARPOB) (pricing and case mix), which together should translate into 12 percent rise in health-care services revenue (55% of the total sales). “We expect SAP (stand-alone pharmacies; 45% of overall sales) to grow faster driven by new stores, volumes and value. AHEL is planning to take price increases in line with inflation (4-5%) across its network in F2Q18,” said the note. Fortis Healthcare: Outperform| Target Rs270| Upside 38% Macquarie maintains an overweight rating on Fortis Healthcare with a 12-month target price of Rs270 even though the March quarter results were marginally lower than Morgan Stanley’s estimates. The company remains buoyant about its FY18 growth and margin outlook, with the situation having largely normalised by now. With improving efficiencies in FEHI and SRL, FORH is well poised to deliver profitable growth. “We think current levels provide an attractive entry opportunity with a 12-month view on the name. We believe a demerger and separate listing of SRL could help unlock significant value for Fortis shareholders,” said the Macquarie note. Hindalco Industries: Outperform| Target Rs250| Upside 27% Macquarie maintains an Outperform rating on Hindalco Industries with a 12-month target price of Rs250. Management has maintained its low CapEx focus with FY18E CapEx guidance of Rs10bn. With $500mn QIP in 4Q17 and free cash generation, Hindalco has reduced its net debt by 20 percent on a YoY basis in FY17. The management remains focused on deleveraging and plans to spend only towards only low capital intensity projects. “Our commodity team expects aluminium prices to remain strong and we forecast mid-teens FCF yield to further strengthen the balance sheet,” said the Macquarie report. Mahindra & Mahindra (M&M): Overweight| Target Rs 1600| Upside 12% JPMorgan maintains an Overweight rating on M&M with a 12-month target price of Rs 1,600. M&M’s farm equipment market had a good year with Revenues/EBIT growing 23%/31%, respectively. Market share at 42.7 percent and margins at 17 percent are at multi-year high levels. F17 growth was aided by lower base over F16/15 and pent up demand. New product introductions/better distribution helped market share improvement. Jivo range of tractors targeting horticulture application has just been launched. “For F18 as well the company hopes that the industry will deliver double-digit volume growth aided by a normal monsoon,” said the JPMorgan report. Aurobindo Pharma: Overweight| Target Rs 800| Upside 35% JPMorgan maintains an Overweight rating on Aurobindo Pharma with a 12-months target price of Rs 800. Europe sales were muted in the quarter (flat on constant currency) but continued to improve profitability. However, Aurobindo remains confident of improving growth to 5-8 percent in the existing business aided by new launches and increasing supplies from the newly commissioned facility for Europe (transferred 69 products to India and commissioning of Unit 15 in Mar). This should be augmented by the recently concluded Generis acquisition (around 70 million euro annually). “Gross margin expansion in an existing business (from production in India), integration of Generis (~20+% margin) and expected synergies from the deal should improve profitability,” said the report. Britannia Industries: BUY| Target Rs 3,950| Upside 8% Citigroup maintains a buy rating on Britannia Industries but raised its 12-month target price to Rs 3,950 from Rs3700 earlier. Britannia continues to execute, a) distribution/penetration strategies, b) product initiatives, and, c) cost management drive which ensures it to deliver outsized growth in a tough market. The near-term volatility post demonetisation and GST transition aside, it remains one of the best plays in India's packaged foods market. “We estimate 11% / 18% revenue / EPS CAGR over FY17-19E. The management expects the market to pick up in next 3-6 months with which competitive intensity could also ease,” said the Citi report.Disclaimer: The views and investment tips expressed by investment experts on moneycontrol.com are their own, and not that of the website or its management. Moneycontrol.com advises users to check with certified experts before taking any investment decisions. tags #Market Edge #Nifty #Sensex Related news Business Rs 60000 invested in these five fund have already doubled your money in 5 years Jun 03, 2017 10:51 AM Business Technical View: Nifty forms ‘Doji’ kind of pattern; book profit if index hits 9,700 Jun 02, 2017 04:36 PM Business Sensex, Nifty end at fresh record closing highs; ITC, HDFC lead contributors Jun 02, 2017 04:06 PM Business Nearly 100 stocks hit 52-week highs while 35 stocks hit fresh lifetime highs on BSE Jun 02, 2017 02:59 PM Business Sensex @ fresh record high! 10 investment ideas that can return up to 38% in 1 year Jun 02, 2017 01:16 PM Business Hands off pharma, FMCG could be the next growth area: Avendus Cap's Andrew Holland Jun 02, 2017 10:49 AM Business Closing Bell: Sensex ends on a positive note, Nifty above 9650; Hero Moto, Cipla gain Jun 02, 2017 09:15 AM Business See Nifty gain 37 points at opening: Maximus Securities Jun 02, 2017 08:59 AM Business Nifty to open on positive note led by strong global cues: ICICIdirect Jun 02, 2017 08:49 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets Sensex @ fresh record high! 10 investment ideas that can return up to 38% in 1 year Rs 60000 invested in these five fund have already doubled your money in 5 years GST Council to finalise tax rates of remaining goods on Saturday Looking for investment avenues? Super rich flock to equities, shy away from real estate see more Video of the day Hands off pharma, FMCG could be the next growth area: Avendus Cap's Andrew Holland Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sunil Matkar
Your browser does not support Javascript. Please turn Javascript on to get the best experience from rte.ie News Sport Entertainment Business Lifestyle Culture Player TV Radio More Today 14° to 18° Tonight 6° to 9° Go Weather Aertel Watch Live Lotto Jobs Apps RTÉ Archives Century Ireland Gaeilge RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop   TRTÉ RTÉ Jr About RTÉ Blog News Business Brexit Bites Technology Markets Economy Analysis Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision Updated / Friday, 2 Jun 2017 13:34 Donald Trump has decided to pull the US from the landmark 2015 global agreement Tesla chief executive Elon Musk and Walt Disney CEO Robert Iger said they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord.  Trump decided to pull the US from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge.  "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post.  Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a US exit from the accord.  Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group.  As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the  #ParisAgreement withdrawal. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Uber Technologies CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies.  Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions.  The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group, and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase.  BlackRock chief executive Larry Fink said last night he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord.  "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement.  "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management.  "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change."  Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realise that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans.  Meanwhile, General Motors said its CEO Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business.  The car maker said last night that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." Trump decision gets mixed response from US companies Donald Trump has said that withdrawing the US from the Paris climate accord would stave off an economic crisis and protect American jobs - but many American companies seemed to disagree.  Criticism of his decision rolled in from blue-chip companies like Facebook, Apple and Microsoft. And the response from fossil fuel groups with the most to gain from a relaxation of US carbon emissions standards was muted.  The president of the World Coal Association, Benjamin Sporton, told Reuters that he had mixed feelings about Trump's announcement, adding he was eager to see a US policy that actively promotes a place for coal in the global energy mix.  "What we really need to see, if the president wants to re-enter the deal, is that he can change the agreement to recognise the role of all sources of energy, including coal," Sporton said, He adding that his group had described to administration officials the benefits of remaining in the agreement.  The American Petroleum Institute, the oil and gas industry's biggest trade group, meanwhile, issued a statement saying it had never taken an official position on the Paris accord. A number of its members, including Exxon Mobil and ConocoPhillips, had publicly supported the deal.  "For us, our position on the Paris agreement... we need a framework like that to address the risks of climate change," Exxon Mobil CEO Darren Woods said. Some other groups expressed measured support for Trump's decision, saying it provided an opportunity to fix problems with the deal. Spokespeople for other extractive oil and mining groups, like the National Mining Association and the American Fuel & Petrochemicals Manufacturers, declined to comment on Trump's decision to withdraw from the Paris accord.  But a number of other business leaders derided it in forceful terms.  "Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the US's leadership position in the world," said Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein in his first-ever tweet.   Today's decision is a setback for the environment and for the U.S.'s leadership position in the world. #ParisAgreement — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 1, 2017 "Disappointed with today's decision on the Paris Agreement. Climate change is real. Industry must now lead and not depend on government," tweeted General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt.  Apple's CEO Tim Cook, meanwhile, posted to Twitter: "Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet" and "Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver". Decision to withdraw from the #ParisAgreeement was wrong for our planet. Apple is committed to fight climate change and we will never waver. — Tim Cook (@tim_cook) June 2, 2017 "Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement is bad for the environment, bad for the economy, and it puts our children's future at risk," wrote Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg in a Facebook post. More on News Business mary barra Donald Trump elon musk Robert Iger Paris Climate Accord Paris agreement Most Read 1Musk, Iger to quit Trump councils after Paris decision13:34 2May figures show tax take 1.5% higher than expected17:20 3Car sales continue to fall as buyers cross the border13:11 4US job growth slows but unemployment rate drops to 4.3%13:45 5Quinn named as new CEO at Ervia13:58 More for you. Most Read 1Musk, Iger to quit Trump councils after Paris decision13:34 2May figures show tax take 1.5% higher than expected17:20 3Car sales continue to fall as buyers cross the border13:11 4US job growth slows but unemployment rate drops to 4.3%13:45 5Quinn named as new CEO at Ervia13:58 Read News Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Culture Business Weather Gaeilge Watch & Listen RTÉ Player RTÉ Player International RTÉ Live TV Radio RTÉ Services RTÉ Archives RTÉ Orchestras RTÉ Shop Century Ireland Lotto RTÉ Aertel Youth TRTÉ RTÉJr Help Contact Feedback Complaints Terms & Conditions Data Protection Privacy Statement Information Information About RTÉ License Fee Careers Annual Report Advertise with RTÉ 2rn SAORVIEW Follow RTÉ RTÉ.ie is the website of Raidió Teilifís Éireann, Ireland's National Public Service Broadcaster. RTÉ is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. Images courtesy of Inpho.ie and Getty Images © RTÉ 2017 X Dismiss Important information regarding cookies and RTÉ.ie By using this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with the RTÉ Cookie Policy. For more information on cookies see our cookie policy.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Danone SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research BAYER MOTOREN WERK EUR1 (BAMXF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Arkema S.A. (ARKAY) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Overweight Rating from Morgan Stanley AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) PT Lowered to $6.00 at Mizuho Antero Midstream Partners LP (AM) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG Ascena Retail Group Inc (ASNA) Sees Significant Growth in Short Interest Goldman Sachs Group Inc Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Apple Inc. (AAPL) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG AnaptysBio Inc (ANAB) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research DA Davidson Comments on Antero Midstream Partners LP’s Q2 2017 Earnings (AM) Casey's General Stores Inc (CASY) Given a $116.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts Wi-Lan Inc (WILN) Cut to D+ at TheStreet Grupo Simec SAB de CV (SIM) Upgraded at TheStreet Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) PT Set at $15.00 by FBR & Co Advanced Accelerator Application SA (AAAP) Given a $47.00 Price Target by Canaccord Genuity Analysts PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research MKM Partners Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Danone SA (DANOY) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Danone SA (OTCMKTS:DANOY) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report issued on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Danone SA is engaged in food processing activities primarily in France and internationally. The Company operates in four business lines: Fresh Dairy Products, Waters, Baby Nutrition, and Medical Nutrition. The Fresh Dairy Products division produces and markets yogurts, fermented fresh dairy products, and other specialized fresh dairy products .The Waters division produces and distributes packaged natural, flavored, and vitamin-enriched water. The Baby Nutrition division provides food for infants and toddlers to complement breast-feeding. The Medical Nutrition division offers products to treat disease-related to malnutrition. Danone SA, formerly known as Groupe Danone, is based in Paris, France. “ DANOY has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of Danone SA in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Davy Research cut Danone SA from an outperform rating to a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $17.00. Shares of Danone SA (DANOY) opened at 15.15 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $14.35 and its 200 day moving average is $13.31. The firm has a market capitalization of $46.74 billion, a PE ratio of 24.44 and a beta of 0.81. Danone SA has a 12-month low of $12.21 and a 12-month high of $15.77. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/danone-sa-danoy-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. About Danone SA Danone SA is engaged in holding directly or indirectly companies, and coordination of the main functions and activities. The Company operates through four segments: Fresh Dairy Products Division, Waters Division, Early Life Nutrition Division and Medical Nutrition Division. The Fresh Dairy Products Division produces and markets yogurts, fermented fresh dairy products and specialized dairy products. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Danone SA (DANOY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Danone SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayerische Motoren Werke AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Baader Bank Analysts Give Deutsche EuroShop AG (DEQ) a €43.00 Price Target Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Morgan Stanley set a €81.00 ($91.01) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) in a research report released on Monday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other analysts also recently commented on the company. Barclays PLC set a €110.00 ($123.60) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €120.00 ($134.83) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Macquarie set a €105.00 ($117.98) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €90.00 ($101.12) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €75.00 ($84.27) price objective on Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €90.65 ($101.86). Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) opened at 85.39 on Monday. The company has a market capitalization of €56.11 billion and a P/E ratio of 7.61. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a 12-month low of €63.42 and a 12-month high of €91.67. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €86.22 and its 200-day moving average price is €85.76. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright law. The original version of this story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/bayerische-motoren-werke-ag-bmw-given-a-81-00-price-target-at-morgan-stanley.html. About Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Germany-based automobile and motorcycle manufacturer. It divides its activities into four segments: Automobiles, Motorcycles, Financial Services and Other Entities. The Automotive segment develops, manufactures, assembles and sells cars and off-road vehicles under the brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce as well as spare parts and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cliffs Natural Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cliffs Natural Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Delta Air Lines Target of Unusually High Options Trading (DAL) Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) Given a €81.00 Price Target at Morgan Stanley Barclays PLC Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Micro Focus International plc (MCRO) Baader Bank Analysts Give Deutsche EuroShop AG (DEQ) a €43.00 Price Target Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (NYSE:CLF) was the recipient of a large decrease in short interest in May. As of May 15th, there was short interest totalling 46,039,568 shares, a decrease of 5.7% from the April 28th total of 48,846,226 shares. Based on an average daily volume of 14,933,516 shares, the days-to-cover ratio is presently 3.1 days. Currently, 16.5% of the shares of the stock are sold short. A number of research firms have recently issued reports on CLF. ValuEngine upgraded Cliffs Natural Resources from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a report on Thursday, May 11th. TheStreet cut Cliffs Natural Resources from a “c” rating to a “d+” rating in a report on Thursday, May 4th. FBR & Co raised Cliffs Natural Resources from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lowered their target price for the company from $11.00 to $10.00 in a research note on Friday, April 28th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Cliffs Natural Resources from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their target price on Cliffs Natural Resources from $12.00 to $13.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $8.69. In other news, Chairman Lourenco Goncalves acquired 200,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $6.31 per share, for a total transaction of $1,262,000.00. Following the acquisition, the chairman now owns 2,855,296 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $18,016,917.76. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director John T. Baldwin acquired 6,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average price of $6.32 per share, with a total value of $37,920.00. Following the completion of the acquisition, the director now directly owns 87,991 shares in the company, valued at approximately $556,103.12. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders bought a total of 215,250 shares of company stock valued at $1,361,283 over the last quarter. Company insiders own 4.52% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in CLF. SFE Investment Counsel acquired a new position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources during the first quarter valued at about $112,000. Invictus RG acquired a new position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources during the first quarter valued at about $121,000. First Allied Advisory Services Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources during the fourth quarter valued at about $129,000. 361 Capital LLC acquired a new position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources during the first quarter valued at about $129,000. Finally, Strs Ohio raised its position in shares of Cliffs Natural Resources by 103.8% in the first quarter. Strs Ohio now owns 15,900 shares of the mining company’s stock valued at $130,000 after buying an additional 8,100 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 58.73% of the company’s stock. Cliffs Natural Resources (NYSE:CLF) opened at 5.89 on Friday. Cliffs Natural Resources has a 52-week low of $4.32 and a 52-week high of $12.37. The company has a market cap of $1.75 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 34.44 and a beta of 1.63. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $6.52 and its 200-day moving average price is $8.57. Cliffs Natural Resources (NYSE:CLF) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The mining company reported ($0.11) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.16 by $0.27. Cliffs Natural Resources had a net margin of 8.26% and a negative return on equity of 6.02%. The business had revenue of $461.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $412.71 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $0.62 EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 51.1% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Cliffs Natural Resources will post $0.97 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/cliffs-natural-resources-inc-clf-sees-significant-decrease-in-short-interest.html. Cliffs Natural Resources Company Profile Cliffs Natural Resources Inc is a mining and natural resources company. The Company is a supplier of iron ore pellets to the North American steel industry from its mines and pellet plants located in Michigan and Minnesota. The Company’s segments include U.S. Iron Ore and Asia Pacific Iron Ore. The Company is a producer of iron ore pellets, primarily selling production from U.S. Receive News & Ratings for Cliffs Natural Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cliffs Natural Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Glencore International PLC St. Helier - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore International PLC St. Helier with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Dollar General Corp. (DG) Trading Up 6.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) JA Solar Holdings Co., Ltd. (JASO) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (OTCMKTS:GLNCY) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Tuesday. According to Zacks, “Glencore Plc operates as a diversified natural resource company. It operates in three groups: Metals and Minerals, Energy Products, and Agricultural Products. The Metals and Minerals segment is involved in mining, smelting, refining, and warehousing copper, nickel, zinc/lead, alloys, alumina/aluminum and iron ore. The Energy Products segment includes controlled and non-controlled coal mining and oil production operations and investments in strategic handling, storage and freight equipment and facilities. The Agricultural Products segment focuses on grains, oils/oilseeds, cotton and sugar. The Company’s operations consist of mining and metallurgical sites, offshore oil production assets, farms and agricultural facilities. It is a producer and marketer of commodities, such as mobile phones, bicycles, cutlery, plastics and electricity. Glencore Plc, formerly known as Glencore Xstrata PLC, is headquartered in Baar, Switzerland. “ A number of other analysts have also recently commented on GLNCY. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of Glencore International PLC, St. Helier in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Glencore International PLC, St. Helier from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $8.25. Shares of Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (OTCMKTS GLNCY) opened at 7.355 on Tuesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $7.54 and its 200-day moving average price is $7.56. Glencore International PLC, St. Helier has a 52-week low of $3.49 and a 52-week high of $8.62. The stock has a market cap of $52.41 billion, a PE ratio of 37.912 and a beta of 2.00. WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/zacks-investment-research-lowers-glencore-international-plc-st-helier-glncy-to-hold.html. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Glencore International PLC St. Helier Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Glencore International PLC St. Helier and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Advert Saturday, June 3, 2017 23°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Friday, June 2, 2017, 00:01 by Reuters Italy leads Europe shares up after data highlights recovery European stocks rose yesterday with Italy setting the pace after a big upward revision in first-quarter economic growth. The pan-European STOXX 600 index edged up 0.3 per cent, led higher by industrials and consumer staples companies. Bank shares lagged slightly after two major US lenders, JPMorgan and Bank of America, warned on Wednesday that low market volatility would crimp trading revenue. Italy’s FTSE MIB index was the top gaining national market, up 0.6 per cent and fractionally outperforming France’s CAC 40. Italy’s national statistics bureau said strong domestic demand helped the economy grow 0.4 per cent in the first quarter, twice as much as indicated by preliminary data issued last month. The euro zone economy as a whole grew 0.5 per cent in the period and, in a further sign of recovery, data yesterday showed manufacturing grew in May at its fastest rate in six years. Stronger euro zone data has helped push the euro higher against the dollar of late, contributing to the US currency’s worst fortnight since March 2016. However, the greenback rose 0.4 per cent yesterday, hitting session highs after data showed the private sector added 253,000 jobs in May, above economists’ forecasts. Britain’s pound, on a rollercoaster ride this week as polls have sent conflicting signals about the outcome of next week’s election, fell 0.2 per cent to $1.2866 after another poll showed the Theresa May’s Conservatives just three percentage points ahead of the Labour opposition. The euro was down 0.3 per cent at $1.1209, having fallen as low as $1.1201 after the ADP data. The Japanese yen was down 0.5 per cent to 111.32 per dollar. Oil prices initially rose, lifting off Wednesday’s three-week lows, after data showing a big drop in US crude stocks last week. Brent crude, the international benchmark for the oil market, was down 13 cents at $50.63 a barrel. « Medserv share price drops to fresh 2-year low APS Bank and Aġenzija Żgħażagħ renew collaboration » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Italy leads Europe shares up after data ... Popular Stories Opec looked at extra oil supply cut,... Medserv share price drops to fresh... Share index post 4-day negative streak The misplaced love for crisis management EU, Rome seal preliminary rescue deal... APS Bank and Aġenzija Żgħażagħ renew... Italy leads Europe shares up after data... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 03-06-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Skip to main content asia one Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World MORE All Sections BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT TRAVEL DIGITAL FOOD HEALTH WOMEN Lottery Results Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter Follow Us Latest Singapore Malaysia China Asia World Business Showbiz Health Food Elon Musk, Robert Iger to quit White House advisory councils after Trump pulls out of Paris climate agreement PHOTO: Reuters Reuters Jun 02, 2017 Tesla Inc chief executive officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a US exit from the accord. on Twitter Am departing presidential councils. Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world.— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) June 1, 2017 Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. on Twitter As a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.— Robert Iger (@RobertIger) June 1, 2017 Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc chief executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with US$5.4tril (RM23.1tril) under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Read also Paris withdrawal sets business world at odds with Trump Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realise that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn't solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said chief executive officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the number two US automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." More aboutDONALD TRUMP climate change news POST Purchase this article for republication. SHOPPING Truffle Any Food You Love Now! Bluetooth Wall Echo Speaker Bar Only $50! Enjoy Healthy Smoothie On The Go Only At $29.90! 100% Original Remax Power Bank On Sale! BRANDINSIDER SPONSORED Most Read Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox Name * E-mail * By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Leave this field blank Submit Loading... Your daily good stuff - AsiaOne stories delivered straight to your inbox Name * E-mail * By signing up, you agree to our Privacy policy and Terms and Conditions. Leave this field blank Submit About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Content Partners Berita Harian BrandInsider Female herworldPLUS Home & Decor Hardware Zone Luxury Insider Men's Health SilverKris Simply Her SG Travellers sgCarMart STOMP tabla! The Business Times The New Paper The Peak The Straits Times Torque Young Parents Lianhe Zao Bao SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198408262E. Terms & Conditions Personal Data Protection Statement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Volkswagen AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €150.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein Lumos Networks Corp (LMOS) Downgraded to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Price Target at $16.89 Analysts Anticipate Inotek Pharmaceuticals Corp (ITEK) to Announce -$0.50 EPS Cae Inc (CAE) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results National Bank of Canada (NA) Posts Earnings Results Brokerages Expect Audentes Therapeutics Inc (BOLD) to Post ($0.76) EPS Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Enbridge (ENB) Stock Price Ctrip.Com International (CTRP) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Likely to Impact DTE Energy (DTE) Share Price $0.23 Earnings Per Share Expected for Finish Line Inc (FINL) This Quarter Analysts Expect Stone Energy Co. (SGY) to Post -$17.58 Earnings Per Share Raytheon Company (RTN) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to Buy Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Mohawk Industries (MHK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Installed Building Products (IBP) Stock Price Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19 The Medicines Company (MDCO) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Alstom SA (ALO) Target Price at $29.30 Brokerages Set Agile Therapeutics Inc (AGRX) Target Price at $10.50 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Receives $41.11 Consensus PT from Analysts Volkswagen AG (VOW3) PT Set at €150.00 by Sanford C. Bernstein June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanford C. Bernstein set a €150.00 ($168.54) price objective on Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) in a research report report published on Monday morning. The brokerage currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities analysts have also recently issued reports about the stock. Barclays PLC set a €168.00 ($188.76) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a buy rating and set a price target on shares of Volkswagen AG in a report on Friday, February 17th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €161.00 ($180.90) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Friday, February 17th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €175.00 ($196.63) price target on shares of Volkswagen AG and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Volkswagen AG in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and eleven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of €151.42 ($170.14). Volkswagen AG (ETR:VOW3) opened at 135.769 on Monday. Volkswagen AG has a 12 month low of €103.70 and a 12 month high of €156.32. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €140.32 and a 200 day moving average price of €137.91. The stock has a market capitalization of €68.06 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.008. WARNING: This news story was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/volkswagen-ag-vow3-pt-set-at-150-00-by-sanford-c-bernstein.html. About Volkswagen AG Volkswagen AG is engaged in developing vehicles and components for its brands. It also produces and sells vehicles, in particular passenger cars and light commercial vehicles for the Volkswagen Passenger Cars and Volkswagen Commercial Vehicles brands. The Passenger Cars segment cover the development of vehicles and engines, the production and sale of passenger cars, and the corresponding genuine parts business. Receive News & Ratings for Volkswagen AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Volkswagen AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 2 June 2017 | MYT 10:46 AM Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision Musk said that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord. — Reuters Tesla Inc chief executive officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc chief executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with US$5.4tril (RM23.1tril) under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realise that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said chief executive officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the number two US automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." — Reuters Related Stories You May Be Interested Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Ethiopia cuts off Internet after high school exam leaks Blame game for cyberattacks grows murkier as spying, crime tools mix Fretting over savings, Mrs Watanabe turns to bitcoin How to avoid dehydration during Ramadan Racing for a better tomorrow Others Also Read Cycling for fun helps us bond, says unity advocate Exclusive - Sated Serb a kindred spirit, says wistful Wilander Ramp leading to Sg Langat one of the causes of flood, says DID advertisement Latest News Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave If a game key bargain looks too good to be true, it probably is Cost vs convenience: is it worth having your own printer? In the podcast jungle, here's how to track down your prey India’s mobile Internet use increases ninefold Most Viewed in Tech Cost vs convenience: is it worth having your own printer? If a game key bargain looks too good to be true, it probably is Why parents’ tech obsession may mean kids misbehave In the podcast jungle, here's how to track down your prey India’s mobile Internet use increases ninefold British Airways IT outage caused by contractor who switched off power Sophisticated automatic replies are coming to Gmail Get popular Android games heavily discounted or free To play Android games on your PC, this is the best emulator Snapchat’s ‘Spectacles’ go on sale in Europe Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Medicines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Unlikely to Impact Mohawk Industries (MHK) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Installed Building Products (IBP) Stock Price Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.19 The Medicines Company (MDCO) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Brokerages Set Alstom SA (ALO) Target Price at $29.30 Brokerages Set Agile Therapeutics Inc (AGRX) Target Price at $10.50 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Receives $41.11 Consensus PT from Analysts Genius Brands International Inc (GNUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27 Huaneng Power International Inc (HNP) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Graco (GGG) Stock Price Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.26 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Will Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.14 EPS Expected for Kate Spade & Co (KATE) This Quarter Brokerages Set Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) PT at $3.60 Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports The Medicines Company (MDCO) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) have been trending somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis reports. The research firm, a unit of Accern, identifies negative and positive media coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. The Medicines Company earned a media sentiment score of 0.20 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave press coverage about the company an impact score of 15 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the near future. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s analysis: A Few Positives and Negatives For The Medicines Company (MDCO), Archer-Daniels-Midland Company (ADM) – AllStockNews (allstocknews.com) The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) Buy, Hold or Sell? What Analysts Recommend – ExpertGazette (expertgazette.com) The Medicines Company to Present Data at ASM Microbe 2017 on Infectious Disease Portfolio Including Late-Stage … – Business Wire (press release) (businesswire.com) The Medicines Company to Present Data at ASM Microbe 2017 on Infectious Disease Portfolio Including Late-Stage Investigational Antibiotic Meropenem-Vaborbactam (finance.yahoo.com) Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on the stock. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. began coverage on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Monday, May 22nd. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $50.00 price objective for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Saturday, March 18th. CIBC set a $50.00 price target on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Tuesday, May 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating on shares of The Medicines Company in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, Cowen and Company upped their price target on shares of The Medicines Company from $39.00 to $61.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $54.40. The Medicines Company (MDCO) traded down 0.15% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $39.71. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 2,136,443 shares. The company’s market cap is $2.82 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $46.59 and its 200 day moving average is $43.78. The Medicines Company has a 12 month low of $30.80 and a 12 month high of $55.95. The Medicines Company (NASDAQ:MDCO) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The company reported ($1.44) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($1.13) by $0.31. The Medicines Company had a negative return on equity of 35.07% and a negative net margin of 96.44%. The company had revenue of $24.20 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $37.76 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($1.03) EPS. The Medicines Company’s quarterly revenue was down 51.9% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that The Medicines Company will post ($5.43) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/the-medicines-company-mdco-earning-somewhat-positive-media-coverage-report-shows.html. The Medicines Company Company Profile The Medicines Company is a global biopharmaceutical company. The Company is focused on advancing the treatment of acute and intensive care patients through the delivery of medicines to the hospital marketplace around the world. It markets Angiomax (bivalirudin), Ionsys (fentanyl iontophoretic transdermal system), Minocin (minocycline) for injection and Orbactiv (oritavancin). Receive News & Ratings for The Medicines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Medicines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Fri, Jun 02 2017. 09 33 AM IST Elon Musk, Robert Iger to quit Trump’s advisory councils after Paris climate pullout Tesla CEO Elon Musk, Robert Iger of Walt Disney said they would leave the White House advisory councils after Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord Subscribe to our newsletter. David Shepardson Elon Musk says climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world. Photo: Bloomberg Bengaluru/Washington/New York: Tesla Inc chief executive officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. “Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world,” Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump’s manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done “all I can” to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a US exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that “as a matter of principle, I’ve resigned from the President’s Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal.” He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration’s immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Also Read: Donald Trump dumps Paris climate deal arguing pact benefits India, China Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc chief executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump’s CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. “I accepted the invitation to serve on the President’s CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors,” Fink said in a statement. “I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world,” said Fink, whose company is the world’s largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. “I do not agree with all of the president’s policies and decisions, including today’s announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change.” Asked about Musk’s resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that “anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem.” Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. Also Read: US exit from Paris climate deal: Eight takeaways The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said chief executive officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation “provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues.” In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it “will not waver from our commitment to the environment.” It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co’s new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump’s panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 US automaker believes “climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities.” Reuters David Shepardson Topics: Paris climate deal Donald Trump Elon Musk Robert Iger White House advisory councils More From Livemint READ MORE Paris climate pact didn’t hold India, China accountable on CO2 emissions: US Toyota sells all shares in Tesla as their tie-up ends Amid Donald Trump climate turmoil, France to push stability in India talks First Published: Fri, Jun 02 2017. 09 33 AM IST Editor's Picks Timing may thwart Donald Trump’s Paris climate deal pullout $120 million-plus brand value just numbers for me: Virat Kohli The importance of privatizing Air India Latest News Paris climate pact didn’t hold India, China accountable on CO2 emissions: US Toyota sells all shares in Tesla as their tie-up ends Amid Donald Trump climate turmoil, France to push stability in India talks Army transfer racket case: CBI arrests Lt. Colonel, middleman Narendra Modi arrives in France on last leg of 4-nation tour Mint On Sunday When Krishna danced to the Beatles in Vegas If the world’s fate rested on a cricket match, who would make the team? The myth that is the Indian liberal Letter from... a place where people don't tweet World records: Separating true achievement from mere novelties Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Entertainment Life Sports Overseas Trending Focus Weather ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Overseas Tesla chief, Walt Disney CEO to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision David Shepardson, Reuters Posted at Jun 02 2017 10:32 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk smiles as he attends a forum on startups in Hong Kong, China. Reuters Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a US exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 US automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Read More:  Tesla   Walt Disney   Donald Trump   Elon Musk   Robert Iger   Paris climate accord   /life/09/27/16/elon-musk-unveils-plan-for-mars-city /business/03/06/17/elon-musk-tech-dreamer-reaching-for-sun-moon-and-stars /business/03/27/17/elon-musks-new-co-could-allow-uploading-downloading-thoughts-wall-street-journal LATEST NEWS MOST READ Mt. Province lawmaker passes away June 03, 2017 DSWD Visayas sends 10K food packs to Mindanao June 03, 2017 KILALANIN: Pinoy na kampeon sa archery June 03, 2017 Tangke ng militar, naaksidente sa Iligan City June 03, 2017 2 Pinoys stand out as ‘Young Talents’ at Brussels' most prestigious school June 03, 2017 Ariana Grande to push through with Manila concert June 03, 2017 Ex-VP Binay, nakiramay sa pagkamatay ng frat brod sa Resorts World June 03, 2017 US defense chief presses China over N. Korea, South China Sea June 03, 2017 Lawmakers condemn Resorts World senseless attack June 03, 2017 2 Japanese tourists, boatman still missing in Palawan June 03, 2017 LOOK: Darna artworks that wowed netizens June 03, 2017 Lalaking nakipagbarilan sa pulisya, patay June 03, 2017 Lalaki, natagpuang patay sa Maynila June 03, 2017 'Body and spirit' festival happening this June June 03, 2017 In daring operation, military, LGU rescue 144 civilians in Marawi June 03, 2017 next © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Alstom SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set Alstom SA (ALO) Target Price at $29.30 Brokerages Set Agile Therapeutics Inc (AGRX) Target Price at $10.50 Steven Madden, Ltd. (SHOO) Receives $41.11 Consensus PT from Analysts Genius Brands International Inc (GNUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27 Huaneng Power International Inc (HNP) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Graco (GGG) Stock Price Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.26 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Will Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.14 EPS Expected for Kate Spade & Co (KATE) This Quarter Brokerages Set Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) PT at $3.60 Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 Brokerages Set Alstom SA (ALO) Target Price at $29.30 June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Alstom SA (EPA:ALO) have earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the ten analysts that are currently covering the company, MarketBeat Ratings reports. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year target price among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is €29.30 ($32.92). Several brokerages recently commented on ALO. Deutsche Bank AG set a €28.00 ($31.46) target price on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday. Kepler Capital Markets set a €31.00 ($34.83) target price on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, May 22nd. Citigroup Inc set a €28.50 ($32.02) target price on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €28.30 ($31.80) target price on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, S&P Global set a €35.00 ($39.33) target price on shares of Alstom SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Alstom SA (ALO) traded down 0.369% during midday trading on Monday, hitting €31.065. 993,736 shares of the company traded hands. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is €29.50 and its 200 day moving average price is €27.18. The company has a market capitalization of €6.83 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.970. Alstom SA has a 12-month low of €19.04 and a 12-month high of €31.58. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/brokerages-set-alstom-sa-alo-target-price-at-29-30.html. Alstom SA Company Profile Alstom SA (Alstom) offers rail transport equipment, systems, services and signaling for urban, suburban, regional and main line passenger transportation, as well as for freight transportation. The Company’s portfolio includes trains, signaling solutions, integrated systems (including infrastructure) and services. Receive News & Ratings for Alstom SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Alstom SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS Maneka Gandhi to be operated for gallstones in AIIMS Chargesheet filed against Gayatri Prajapti, 6 others Donald Trump cedes climate policy mantle to Xi Jinping with Paris accord exit Jeremy Corbyn closes gap: Will he go past Theresa May? Indian, Pakistani Army trade heavy fire along LoC Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 04:05 PM | 02 Junmarket stats SENSEX 31,273135.70 NIFTY 50 9,65437.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,905253.0 USD/INR 64.44-0.04 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Elon Musk, Robert Iger to quit Donald Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision By Reuters | Jun 03, 2017, 12.24 AM IST Post a Comment Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a US exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn't solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 US automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." Comments(0)Add Comments Elon Musk, Robert Iger to quit Donald Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Elon Musk was Roger Moore's favourite 'entrepreneur' Are Amber Heard and Elon Musk already talking marriage? Elon Musk tells disgruntled shareholders: Buy Ford Elon Musk hails India's aim to move to an all-electric fleet by 2030 Elon Musk considers ending his tortured dance with Donald Trump READ MORE ONunited statesUber Technologies IncTeslaParis climate dealParis accordElon MuskDonald Trump Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB The Wait Is Over - The Most Luxurious Cars for 2017 Can Be.. Search Luxury Auto Sponsored Ads Perfectly Timed Pictures Taken Before a Disaster Two Red Dots Simple Way to Wipe Out $10,000 in Credit Card Debt The Simple DollarMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Donald Trump backs H-1B reforms bill: US lawmaker Elon Musk's new firm could upload/download your thoughts Trump to announce decision on Paris climate pact Thursday From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Here's What These 80s Rock Gods Are Doing Today MSN The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Livingly Most Hilarious Windshield Notes You Have to See - You'll L.. OMG Check It Out Find Out Why the Gerber Life Grow-Up® Plan is So Well Lov.. Gerber Life Insurance Company EU leader urges Trump to stay in Paris climate deal India's green lobby slams Trump for exiting Paris deal Trump pulling US out of Paris climate deal -Axios report Donald Trump's cryptic tweet "covfefe" trends worldwide Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here is how Anil Ambani plans to solve RCom's Rs 45,000-crore debt math Income Tax department warns against cash dealings of Rs 2 lakh, seeks tip-off India a better investment destination than ever before: PM Narendra Modi at Russia summit Why Anil Ambani's richer even after Rs 3,310 crore telecom wipeout India's No. 2 again, and PM Narendra Modi should be worried More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebICC Champions Trophy Live Score|Narendra Modi in Russia Top 10 mutual funds|RERA Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review|BSE Sensex Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
GET APP Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Latest News Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Travel Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRSFrench OpenChampions Trophy Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS French Open Champions Trophy Elon Musk, Robert Iger Quit Trump Advisory Councils After Paris Accord Decision India's First The 'Tech And Auto Show' Starts From 3 June on CNN-News18 Russian, French Astronauts Depart From International Space Station to Head to Earth TRAI Floats Consultation Paper on Data speeds Under Wireless Broadband Plans News18 » Tech 3-min read Elon Musk, Robert Iger Quit Trump Advisory Councils After Paris Accord Decision Reuters Updated: June 2, 2017, 10:47 AM IST File photo of Tesla Chief Executive, Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co. CEO Robert Iger (Photo: REUTERS) Washington: Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after U.S. President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from U.S. allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Trump's manufacturing jobs council. Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Trump announced a U.S. exit from the accord. Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal." He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co . Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with $5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the U.S. from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about U.S. money going to other countries and it didn’t solve the climate problem." Musk has met with Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said Chief Executive Officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues." In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment." It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No.2 U.S. automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities." donald trump elon musk paris agreement Paris climate deal First Published: June 2, 2017, 8:28 AM IST Read full article Next Story Live TV Recommended For You India's First The 'Tech And Auto Show' Starts From 3 June on CNN-News18 Victoria And Abdul Trailer: Bollywood Celebrities Congratulate Ali Fazal Seamless Banking Under 5 Minutes With Kotak 811 Shikhar Dhawan, Rahane & Umesh Have Fun Clicking Selfies Champions Trophy 2017: Jadeja Prepares Kohli & Boys for Amir Test About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Baidu Collaborates With Bosch, Continental for Self-driving Car Tech Shikhar Dhawan, Rahane & Umesh Have Fun Clicking Selfies One Soldier Killed, 5 Injured as Terrorists Fire at Army Convoy in Kashmir India Can Fill Vacuum Created by US Exit With Knowledge: Climate Change Negotiator China Renegotiates Implementation of Electric Car Quotas - Daimler Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Sat, Jun 03, 2017 Government & Economy » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Government & Economy Musk, Iger to quit Trump advisory councils after Paris accord decision Friday, June 2, 2017 - 10:05 Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. PHOTO: REUTERS [WASHINGTON] Tesla Inc Chief Executive Officer Elon Musk and Walt Disney Co CEO Robert Iger said on Thursday they would leave White House advisory councils after US President Donald Trump said he would withdraw from the Paris climate accord. Mr Trump decided to pull the United States from the landmark 2015 global agreement designed to fight climate change despite entreaties from US allies and corporate leaders in an action that fulfilled a major campaign pledge. "Climate change is real. Leaving Paris is not good for America or the world," Mr Musk said in a Twitter post. He is a member of the President's Strategic and Policy Forum, a business advisory group, and Mr Trump's manufacturing jobs council. sentifi.com Market voices on: Mr Musk said on Wednesday that he had done "all I can" to convince Mr Trump to stay in the accord, and threatened to leave the presidential advisory councils if Mr Trump announced a US exit from the accord. SEE ALSO: US states, cities and firms unite behind Paris accord Mr Iger wrote on Twitter that "as a matter of principle, I've resigned from the President's Council over the #ParisAgreement withdrawal". He is leaving the business advisory group. Uber Technologies Inc CEO Travis Kalanick quit the business advisory council in February amid pressure from activists and employees who opposed the administration's immigration policies. Mr Trump created the business advisory group in December before taking office to assist him in making policy decisions. The group is led by Stephen Schwarzman, chief executive of Blackstone Group LP and includes Indra Nooyi, the chief executive of PepsiCo Inc and Jamie Dimon, chief executive of JPMorgan Chase & Co. Late on Thursday, BlackRock Inc Chief Executive Larry Fink said he would continue to serve on Mr Trump's CEO Forum, despite reservations about the White House decision to withdraw from the Paris accord. "I accepted the invitation to serve on the President's CEO Forum because I believe I can contribute to the policy dialogue in Washington and serve as a voice for investors," Mr Fink said in a statement. "I am a strong believer that our industry needs to have a voice with governments around the world," said Mr Fink, whose company is the world's largest asset manager, with US$5.4 trillion under management. "I do not agree with all of the president's policies and decisions, including today's announcement to exit the US from the Paris Agreement which I believe is a critical step forward in addressing climate change." Asked about Mr Musk's resignation, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox News that "anybody who read the agreement and understood it would realize that this was not really about climate, this was about US money going to other countries and it didn't solve the climate problem." Mr Musk has met with Mr Trump several times and spoken with him about the long-term goal of his company SpaceX for flights to Mars carrying humans. The White House is planning to a hold a meeting with technology leaders on June 19, an administration spokesman said Wednesday. General Motors Co said chief executive officer Mary Barra would remain on the presidential advisory panel, adding that her participation "provides GM a seat at an important table to contribute to a constructive dialogue about key policy issues". In 2013, GM signed a declaration joining other major companies arguing that responding to climate change was good business. The automaker said on Thursday that despite the withdrawal it "will not waver from our commitment to the environment". It was unclear whether Ford Motor Co's new chief executive, James Hackett, would join Mr Trump's panel. Ford spokeswoman Christin Baker said on Thursday the No 2 US automaker believes "climate change is real, and remain deeply committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our vehicles and our facilities". REUTERS Paris Climate Accord donald trump Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Government & Economy China to maintain stable liquidity as reform moves forward 2:02 PM Australia must do more to protect reef, Unesco says 12:26 PM South Korean court denies arrest request for daughter of key corruption case suspect 11:58 AM North Korea 'poses a threat to us all': Mattis 10:07 AM US states, cities and firms unite behind Paris accord 7:25 AM US asks visa applicants for social media handles 7:01 AM Breaking News 2:02 pm China to maintain stable liquidity as reform moves forward 1:55 pm Toyota sells all shares in Tesla as their tie-up ends 12:26 pm Australia must do more to protect reef, Unesco says 11:58 am South Korean court denies arrest request for daughter of key corruption case suspect 10:08 am Taiwan: Stocks dip; TSMC, Cathay Fin down 10:07 am North Korea 'poses a threat to us all': Mattis 9:53 am Original Disneyland map could fetch US$900,000 at LA auction 8:54 am Alibaba's Jack Ma invited to join bid for L'Oreal's The Body Shop: sources 8:25 am Boeing delays Norwegian's first 737 Max Plane a second time 7:25 am US states, cities and firms unite behind Paris accord Most Read 1 Bubble tea - Goodbye Gong Cha, hello LiHO 2 SIA introduces changes to PPS Club programme 3 Broker's take: Noble Group likely able to refinance its borrowings 4 MCL Land awarded Eunosville site at S$765.78m or S$909 psf ppr 5 What Noble Group has left in locker as it seeks to exit crisis Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Genius Brands International Inc (GNUS) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Fresenius Medical Care AG & Co. (FMS) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.26 Quaker Chemical Corp (KWR) Given Daily Media Impact Score of 0.27 Huaneng Power International Inc (HNP) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Magellan Midstream Partners, L.P. (MMP) Earning Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Graco (GGG) Stock Price Intercept Pharmaceuticals (ICPT) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.26 Zacks: Brokerages Expect Veritiv Corp (VRTV) Will Post Earnings of $0.56 Per Share $0.14 EPS Expected for Kate Spade & Co (KATE) This Quarter Brokerages Set Eclipse Resources Corp (ECR) PT at $3.60 Napco Security Technologies (NSSC) Receives Daily News Sentiment Score of 0.25 Newpark Resources (NR) Earns Daily News Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Nuveen Premiumome Municipal Fund (NPI) Share Price Nike (NKE) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.15 National Grid plc (NGG) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.09 Brokerages Set Jack in the Box Inc. (JACK) PT at $112.60 NRG Yield, Inc. Class C (NYLD) Receives $20.00 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Signature Bank (SBNY) Receives $171.70 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) PT at $20.25 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Will Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Equities analysts expect Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) to report earnings of $0.37 per share for the current fiscal quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Three analysts have provided estimates for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s earnings, with the highest EPS estimate coming in at $0.38 and the lowest estimate coming in at $0.35. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. reported earnings of $0.43 per share during the same quarter last year, which would suggest a negative year-over-year growth rate of 14%. The firm is scheduled to issue its next earnings results on Tuesday, July 25th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. will report full year earnings of $1.67 per share for the current year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.65 to $1.70. For the next fiscal year, analysts anticipate that the business will post earnings of $1.83 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.74 to $2.05. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS calculations are an average based on a survey of analysts that cover Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The real estate investment trust reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.37 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $89.26 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $97.98 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. had a negative return on equity of 3.62% and a negative net margin of 6.65%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 12.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $0.43 EPS. Several brokerages recently commented on PEI. Barclays PLC restated a “sell” rating on shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Boenning Scattergood lowered Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Monday, May 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut their target price on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from $20.00 to $18.00 and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, TheStreet lowered Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. from a “c-” rating to a “d+” rating in a research report on Friday, March 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and five have issued a hold rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $18.80. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) Will Post Earnings of $0.37 Per Share” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/zacks-analysts-anticipate-pennsylvania-r-e-i-t-pei-will-post-earnings-of-0-37-per-share.html. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the company. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 1.5% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 11,356,104 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $171,931,000 after buying an additional 168,178 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 10,081.1% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 10,229,923 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $154,881,000 after buying an additional 10,129,443 shares during the last quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 6.9% in the first quarter. APG Asset Management US Inc. now owns 3,640,300 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $55,114,000 after buying an additional 233,469 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 2.6% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 2,622,882 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $39,704,000 after buying an additional 67,473 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Morgan Stanley raised its position in shares of Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. by 667.8% in the first quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 2,186,212 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $33,099,000 after buying an additional 1,901,460 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.69% of the company’s stock. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (NYSE:PEI) traded up 4.02% during midday trading on Thursday, hitting $11.13. The stock had a trading volume of 1,259,155 shares. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $12.64 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.27. The stock’s market capitalization is $776.22 million. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. has a 52 week low of $10.00 and a 52 week high of $25.67. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be issued a $0.21 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 30th. This represents a $0.84 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.55%. Pennsylvania R.E.I.T.’s payout ratio is currently -133.33%. About Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust (PREIT) is a self-managed and self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company’s primary business is owning and operating retail shopping malls, which it does primarily through operating partnership, PREIT Associates, L.P. (PREIT Associates). Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. (PEI) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pennsylvania R.E.I.T. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Madison Square Garden Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Madison Square Garden Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Davide Campari Milano SpA (DVDCY) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research OMNI-LITE INDS CAN (OLNCF) Stock Rating Lowered by ValuEngine Tourmaline Oil Corp (TOU) Earns “Outperform” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Zacks Investment Research Lowers Glencore International PLC, St. Helier (GLNCY) to Hold Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Life Storage Inc (LSI) Issued By SunTrust Banks Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.72 Per Share, FIG Partners Forecasts Bertrandt AG (BDT) Given a €81.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Give Covestro AG (1COV) a €58.00 Price Target Aareal Bank AG (ARL) Given a €42.00 Price Target at Commerzbank Ag JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €3.20 Price Target for Intesa Sanpaolo SpA (ISP) Fiat Chrysler (F) Given a €20.10 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Enel S.p.A. (ENEL) PT Set at €5.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Tech Data Corp (TECD) Stock Price Up 6.3% Following Earnings Beat Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Signet Jewelers Ltd. (SIG) Stock Price Up 9% on Insider Buying Activity Short Interest in Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Increases By 7.3% Dollar General Corp. (DG) Trading Up 6.5% After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates Buy Rating for The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. (ULTI) JA Solar Holdings Co., Ltd. (JASO) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Receives $195.43 Consensus Price Target from Analysts June 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Madison Square Garden Co (NYSE:MSG) has received a consensus rating of “Hold” from the twelve ratings firms that are presently covering the firm, MarketBeat.com reports. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, five have issued a hold recommendation and six have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 12-month target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $195.43. A number of equities research analysts recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc decreased their price target on Madison Square Garden from $102.00 to $93.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Monday, May 8th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a $185.00 price target on shares of Madison Square Garden in a research report on Monday, May 15th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “overweight” rating and set a $245.00 price target on shares of Madison Square Garden in a research report on Thursday, April 20th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Madison Square Garden from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Bank of America Corp assumed coverage on Madison Square Garden in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $243.00 price target on the stock. In other Madison Square Garden news, SVP Joseph F. Yospe sold 1,500 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $204.17, for a total value of $306,255.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 7,433 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,517,595.61. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 18.64% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Madison Square Garden by 268.4% in the first quarter. Goldman Sachs Group Inc. now owns 118,256 shares of the company’s stock worth $23,617,000 after buying an additional 86,155 shares during the last quarter. FNY Partners Fund LP bought a new position in Madison Square Garden during the first quarter worth $998,000. Credit Suisse AG increased its position in Madison Square Garden by 10.6% in the first quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 14,940 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,984,000 after buying an additional 1,437 shares during the period. Tudor Investment Corp ET AL bought a new position in Madison Square Garden during the first quarter worth $369,000. Finally, Jane Street Group LLC bought a new position in Madison Square Garden during the first quarter worth $2,748,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 86.31% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Madison Square Garden Co (MSG) Receives $195.43 Consensus Price Target from Analysts” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/01/madison-square-garden-co-msg-receives-195-43-consensus-price-target-from-analysts.html. Shares of Madison Square Garden (NYSE:MSG) traded up 0.74% on Monday, reaching $196.85. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 106,796 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $4.63 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $198.95 and a 200 day moving average of $185.43. Madison Square Garden has a 52 week low of $160.96 and a 52 week high of $206.60. Madison Square Garden (NYSE:MSG) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported ($0.74) EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.41) by $0.33. The business had revenue of $386 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $365.57 million. Madison Square Garden had a negative return on equity of 2.55% and a negative net margin of 7.63%. The firm’s revenue was up 14.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the company earned ($2.47) earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Madison Square Garden will post ($0.56) EPS for the current year. About Madison Square Garden The Madison Square Garden Company is a holding company, which is engaged in live experiences consisting of celebrated venues, sports teams, and entertainment productions. The Company operates in two segments, which include MSG Entertainment and MSG Sports. The MSG Sports segment includes the Company’s professional sports franchises, which include the New York Knicks (the Knicks) of the National Basketball Association (the NBA), the New York Rangers (the Rangers) of the National Hockey League (the NHL), the New York Liberty (the Liberty) of the Women’s National Basketball Association (the WNBA), the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League (the AHL), which is the primary player development team for the Rangers, and the Westchester Knicks, an NBA Development League team. Receive News & Ratings for Madison Square Garden Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Madison Square Garden Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Westlake Chemical Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teacher Retirement System of Texas Cuts Position in Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) Stake Raised by Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $23,452,000 Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Ngam Advisors L.P. Reduces Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Reduces Stake in First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Ixia (XXIA) Stake Increased by Oribel Capital Management LP Oribel Capital Management LP Takes Position in Aramark (ARMK) Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC Increases Stake in Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida (SBCF) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PACCAR Inc (PCAR) to Announce $0.98 Earnings Per Share Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Receives $19.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Receives $42.69 Average Price Target from Brokerages GMS Inc (GMS) Receives $33.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Eurasian Minerals Inc. (EMX) Insider Acquires C$10,642.62 in Stock Card Factory PLC (CARD) Insider Darren Bryant Sells 4,000,000 Shares Global Partners (GLP) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports International Paper (IP) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teacher Retirement System of Texas continued to hold its stake in Westlake Chemical Co. (NYSE:WLK) during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 361,400 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas owned about 0.28% of Westlake Chemical worth $23,870,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WLK. Legal & General Group Plc increased its stake in Westlake Chemical by 6.3% in the first quarter. Legal & General Group Plc now owns 139,460 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $9,211,000 after buying an additional 8,243 shares during the period. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Westlake Chemical by 215.3% in the first quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 1,368,155 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $90,367,000 after buying an additional 934,281 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in Westlake Chemical by 61.4% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 826,768 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $54,608,000 after buying an additional 314,578 shares during the period. FMR LLC increased its stake in Westlake Chemical by 7.5% in the first quarter. FMR LLC now owns 2,442,430 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $161,323,000 after buying an additional 171,342 shares during the period. Finally, Wellington Management Group LLP increased its stake in Westlake Chemical by 12.1% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 1,308,381 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $86,420,000 after buying an additional 141,114 shares during the period. 28.74% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Westlake Chemical Co. (NYSE WLK) traded up 0.80% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $62.93. 730,872 shares of the company traded hands. Westlake Chemical Co. has a 12 month low of $39.48 and a 12 month high of $68.08. The company’s 50 day moving average is $62.66 and its 200-day moving average is $61.74. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.12 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.80 and a beta of 1.69. Westlake Chemical (NYSE:WLK) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The specialty chemicals company reported $1.26 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.80 by $0.46. Westlake Chemical had a net margin of 9.50% and a return on equity of 13.56%. The firm had revenue of $1.94 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.62 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.94 earnings per share. Westlake Chemical’s revenue for the quarter was up 99.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Westlake Chemical Co. will post $4.58 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 13th. Investors of record on Tuesday, May 30th will be issued a $0.1906 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 25th. This represents a $0.76 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.21%. Westlake Chemical’s payout ratio is 24.20%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/teacher-retirement-system-of-texas-maintains-position-in-westlake-chemical-co-wlk.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price target on shares of Westlake Chemical from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research note on Wednesday. Cowen and Company boosted their price target on shares of Westlake Chemical from $66.00 to $70.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 23rd. Bank of America Corp reissued a “neutral” rating and issued a $68.00 price target on shares of Westlake Chemical in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Westlake Chemical from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 price target on shares of Westlake Chemical in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, nine have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $62.45. In related news, VP George J. Mangieri sold 6,578 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $62.21, for a total value of $409,217.38. Following the transaction, the vice president now owns 6,577 shares in the company, valued at $409,155.17. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, CFO Mark Steven Bender sold 12,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $64.32, for a total transaction of $771,840.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief financial officer now owns 58,243 shares in the company, valued at approximately $3,746,189.76. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 71.70% of the company’s stock. About Westlake Chemical Westlake Chemical Corporation is a global manufacturer and marketer of basic chemicals, vinyls, polymers and building products. The Company’s products include a range of chemicals, which are fundamental to various consumer and industrial markets, including flexible and rigid packaging, automotive products, coatings, water treatment, refrigerants, residential and commercial construction, as well as other durable and non-durable goods. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WLK? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Westlake Chemical Co. (NYSE:WLK). Receive News & Ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Westlake Chemical Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bunge Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Teacher Retirement System of Texas Cuts Position in Berry Global Group Inc (BERY) Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas Generac Holdings Inc. (GNRC) Stake Raised by Impax Asset Management AIFM Ltd Teacher Retirement System of Texas Has $23,452,000 Stake in Kirby Co. (KEX) Teacher Retirement System of Texas Maintains Position in Westlake Chemical Co. (WLK) Ngam Advisors L.P. Reduces Stake in Clean Harbors Inc (CLH) Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Reduces Stake in First Interstate Bancsystem Inc (FIBK) ABB Ltd (ABB) Shares Bought by Richard C. Young & CO. LTD. Ixia (XXIA) Stake Increased by Oribel Capital Management LP Oribel Capital Management LP Takes Position in Aramark (ARMK) Segall Bryant & Hamill LLC Increases Stake in Seacoast Banking Co. of Florida (SBCF) Zacks: Brokerages Anticipate PACCAR Inc (PCAR) to Announce $0.98 Earnings Per Share Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Receives $19.60 Average Price Target from Analysts Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Receives $42.69 Average Price Target from Brokerages GMS Inc (GMS) Receives $33.00 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Eurasian Minerals Inc. (EMX) Insider Acquires C$10,642.62 in Stock Card Factory PLC (CARD) Insider Darren Bryant Sells 4,000,000 Shares Global Partners (GLP) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports International Paper (IP) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Finds Maxim Integrated Products (MXIM) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.19 Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its stake in shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) by 1.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 233,013 shares of the basic materials company’s stock after buying an additional 2,293 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas owned approximately 0.17% of Bunge worth $18,469,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. Norges Bank purchased a new position in Bunge during the fourth quarter worth $126,122,000. LSV Asset Management increased its position in Bunge by 58.1% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 4,517,677 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $267,581,000 after buying an additional 1,660,645 shares during the period. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in Bunge by 9.1% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 10,353,997 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $613,267,000 after buying an additional 865,585 shares during the period. American Century Companies Inc. purchased a new position in Bunge during the first quarter worth $55,314,000. Finally, Credit Agricole S A increased its position in Bunge by 39.9% in the fourth quarter. Credit Agricole S A now owns 1,752,228 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $126,581,000 after buying an additional 499,904 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 78.49% of the company’s stock. Shares of Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG) traded up 1.21% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $80.30. The stock had a trading volume of 1,234,387 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $75.23 and its 200-day moving average price is $74.06. Bunge Ltd has a 52-week low of $56.69 and a 52-week high of $83.75. The firm has a market cap of $11.27 billion, a PE ratio of 21.31 and a beta of 1.04. Bunge (NYSE:BG) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The basic materials company reported $0.35 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.68 by $0.33. Bunge had a net margin of 1.58% and a return on equity of 10.38%. The business had revenue of $11.12 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $8.96 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.41 earnings per share. Bunge’s revenue for the quarter was up 24.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Bunge Ltd will post $5.23 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, September 5th. Stockholders of record on Tuesday, August 22nd will be issued a dividend of $0.46 per share. This represents a $1.84 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.29%. This is a positive change from Bunge’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.42. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Friday, August 18th. Bunge’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 37.75%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Bunge Ltd (BG) Shares Bought by Teacher Retirement System of Texas” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/bunge-ltd-bg-shares-bought-by-teacher-retirement-system-of-texas.html. BG has been the topic of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised Bunge from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a $85.00 price target on Bunge and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc downgraded Bunge from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $88.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, March 20th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Bunge from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $70.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Finally, Stephens downgraded Bunge from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Bunge presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $76.14. In other news, insider David Kabbes sold 593 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.95, for a total transaction of $47,410.35. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 5,507 shares in the company, valued at $440,284.65. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Also, CEO Soren Schroder sold 12,532 shares of Bunge stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, March 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $80.01, for a total transaction of $1,002,685.32. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now owns 69,140 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,531,891.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 1.27% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Bunge Company Profile Bunge Limited is an agribusiness and food company with integrated operations that stretch from the farm field to consumer foods. The Company operates through five segments: Agribusiness, Edible Oil Products, Milling Products, Sugar and Bioenergy, and Fertilizer. Its Agribusiness segment is an integrated, global business involved in the purchase, storage, transport, processing and sale of agricultural commodities and commodity products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Bunge Ltd (NYSE:BG). Receive News & Ratings for Bunge Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bunge Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Nursing home chain CEO wants $100M in compensation after buyout Goldman Sachs CEO bashes Trump again in bizarre, emoji-filled... Dollar Tree accused of squashing spinoff Why Wall Streeters making $873K feel underpaid Women aren’t waiting around for men to buy them diamonds Taco Bell causes hysteria with new ‘breakfast salsa’ Indie record label merger creates a $1B powerhouse Buffalo Wild Wings CEO is leaving as activist wins board seats High prices at Disney parks hit attendance last year Ho-hum jobs numbers might prod Washington into action US employers add only 138,000 jobs in May ‘Wonder Woman’ may save Warner Bros. from box office turmoil Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Goldman Sachs CEO bashes Trump again in bizarre, emoji-filled tweet By Kevin Dugan View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) June 2, 2017 | 10:43pm | Updated June 2, 2017 | 10:45pm Modal Trigger Lloyd Blankfein AFP/Getty Images SEE ALSO Goldman Sachs CEO's first-ever tweet slams Trump’s climate decision 0:0 Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein is hot under the collar... Wall Street continued its lament of President Trump’s exit of the Paris climate agreement Friday — with Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein taking to Twitter again. “Leadership helps” the US, Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein wrote in a bizarre, emoji-heavy tweet, fretting that America might lose its profile on the world stage. “Our language is dominant; $ global; [world] talent comes. Bad if lost. Consider w/ making policy on enviro, trade, defense, etc.” It was only the second time Blankfein has ever tweeted, despite opening the account in June 2011. His first-ever tweet on Thursday griped that Trump’s Paris move was a “setback” for the US. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said Friday he disagreed with the president, “but we have a responsibility to engage our elected officials to work constructively and advocate for policies that improve people’s lives and protect our environment.” Leadership helps 🇺🇸Our language is dominant; $ global; 🌎talent comes. Bad if lost. Consider w/ making policy on enviro, trade, defense, etc. — Lloyd Blankfein (@lloydblankfein) June 2, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under ceos ,  climate change ,  donald trump ,  goldman sachs ,  lloyd blankfein ,  Paris Accord ,  tweets ,  twitter Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Dollar Tree accused of squashing spinoff Read Next Dollar Tree accused of squashing spinoff Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Ho-hum jobs numbers might prod Washington into action Keith J. Kelly Hillary Clinton is a winner when it comes to publishing world Steve Cuozzo Financial District becoming a mecca for movie theaters SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 127,577 Doctors warn women against putting wasp nests in their vaginas 56,443 Sugar baby says she's addicted to travel, not the sex 40,817 Kathy Griffin feels 'betrayed' by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing Now On Ariana Grande surprises fans recovering from Manchester terror attack Russian museum says government didn’t censor art show Russell Simmons’ yoga studio hosts night of namaste and weed SEE ALL Video Alleged thief arrested after narrating his getaway on Facebook Live More Stories page six Kathy Griffin feels 'betrayed' by Anderson Cooper after CNN firing Now On Decider Wondering What Happened To Your Favorite Porn Stars From The '90s? nypost Doctors warn women against putting wasp nests in their vaginas New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
<iframe src="//www.googletagmanager.com/ns.html?id=GTM-KX9ZXT" height="0" width="0" style="display:none;visibility:hidden"></iframe> Moscow seeks US explanations for sanctioning Russians over North Korea Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 03, 7:28 Russian Defense Ministry to get 14 Ka-52 attack helicopters this year — deputy minister Military & Defense June 03, 7:23 Eurasian Economic Union, India to start negotiations on free trade zone Business & Economy June 03, 5:11 Vostochny space center to get launch pad for super-heavy rocket before 2030 Science & Space June 03, 3:58 US hackers could be behind US presidential campaign leaks — Putin World June 03, 2:14 WRAP: Second day of St. Petersburg forum addresses Russian-US ties, hoax news issue Business & Economy June 03, 1:42 UN Security Council expands sanctions on North Korea World June 03, 1:17 TASS chief calls for joint effort against hoax news Society & Culture June 02, 23:48 Russia to cut contribution to Council of Europe by third donated to PACE Russian Politics & Diplomacy June 02, 23:43 {{element.title}} {{element.heading}} {{element.date}} Back to Main page Back to Main page Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Tags Media Press Releases Infographics Select the city Moscow St.-Petersburg Novosibirsk Ekaterinburg Nizhny Novgorod Samara Kazan Omsk Chelyabinsk Rostov-on-Don Ufa Volgograd Perm Krasnoyarsk Voronezh Currency converter USD EUR GBP CHF JPY CNY Back to Currency converter Exchange rate USD → RUR Сurrency Converter History course Please enter an amount Amount: From: ↔ To: Exchange rate on: 03.06.2017 02.06.2017 01.06.2017 31.05.2017 30.05.2017 29.05.2017 28.05.2017 ^ News Feed Sections Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review More Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review All news News Feed News Search Topics All Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review ОК Use filter You can filter your feed, by choosing only interesting sections. Go to Search More news The reinvention of global banking: withstanding challenges, seizing opportunities Business & Economy ► SPIEF-2017 June 03, 5:29 UTC+3 Share 1 pages in this article KEY CONCLUSIONS: Global banking has recovered from financial crises “We are almost through the healing process after ten years of almost semi-permanent crisis. The financial sector is much stronger,” said Lionel Barber, Editor, The Financial Times. Russia’s socio-economic development strategy is about to bring positive changes “Today, the president instructed to set up economic development programmes for the upcoming period <…> addressing issues on the economy, the legal system and the investment climate,” said Andrey Kostin, President, Chairman of the Management Board, Member of the Supervisory Council, Member of the Strategy and Corporate Governance Committee, VTB Bank. CHALLENGES: Significant investment needed to introduce innovative technologies “The lack of major investments, the failure to shift the banking business towards the customer needs, the absence of digital banking make the banks lag behind,” said Andrey Kostin. Increased cyber crime risks coming from new technologies “<…> It is around all compliance issues, it is also going to be around data protection, because we are in the world where we innovate. We are able to use data, but at the same time, there is a requirement for more [cyber] security,” said Frederic Oudea, President, European Banking Federation; Chief Executive Officer, Société Générale.   Tougher regulatory requirements “We are much more worried about the regulatory issues <…> it will take us several years to digest today’s changes in the global regulatory field,” said Andrei Kostin. “This rapid change will to some extent be hindered by regulators <…> They do not quite understand how to handle new technologies <…> That creates additional risks for national financial systems,” added Andrei Kostin. Brexit hampering the banking business “As the European bank, we have ahead Brexit and its potential consequences, it is an important element,” said Frederic Oudea.   “What we are going to do with it? We will have to move some people. It will be bankers, traders, sales people, compliance lawyers,” said Daniel Pinto, Chief Executive Officer, Corporate and Investment Bank, JPMorgan Chase & Co.   Shadow banking “We are looking at shadow banking in China, the debt is extraordinarily high, of course, savings are high too <...>. So far there has been no hard landing in China, the Chinese authorities have been very, very clear that they would do anything to avoid <...> but you still going to look at that,” said Lionel Barber. Low rates in the EU “You know we suffer in Europe from very low rates and even negative rates, so with the macroeconomic environment it is going to take some time,” said Frederic Oudea. SOLUTIONS: Extensive adoption and use of innovative IT solutions “There is a massive need for using technologies not just for interacting with the customers but also to really ensure straightforward processes <...> you need digitalisation,” said Hans-Paul Buerkner, Chairman, The Boston Consulting Group. “[There was a discussion about] blockchain [and they tried to understand what it means] to have maybe once a virtual digital currency for central banks,” said Philipp Roesler, Member of the Managing Board, World Economic Forum. Sanctions as an enabler of internal growth of the Russian banking system “We took a serious look at ourselves and saw huge reserves, and the ways to increase our margins, first of all <...> we understood that we do have opportunities to earn more and to use the earnings to capitalise the bank,” said Andrey Kostin. Lower compliance costs “[One of the potential advantages of modifying some of the regulations is] reducing the cost of compliance. Right now, there are some regulations in the US where we have to file reports with 3 or 4 different US regulatory agencies. If that could be streamlined so that we would have to do it only once, it would be very helpful,” said James С. Cowles, Chief Executive Officer Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA), Citigroup Inc. {{item.group_date}} {{item.suffix?", "+item.suffix:""}} Show more Share Top News June 03, 2:14 US hackers could be behind US presidential campaign leaks — Putin June 03, 2:14 June 02, 19:22 BP CEO to TASS: oil, new strategy, Rosneft privatization June 02, 19:22 June 02, 18:26 Russia and Japan to implement joint projects on Kuril Islands in 2018 June 02, 18:26 June 02, 19:11 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum June 02, 19:11 In other media Реклама Photo 12 The 2017 World Car of the Year and its rivals at the New York Auto Show 15 How Russians conquered the Arctic in vintage photos 13 Futuristic supercars at the Geneva Motor Show Infographics Russia's gas pipelines to Europe by 2018 Gas agreement signed by Russia, Ukraine and the EU Altai gas pipeline Economical sanctions against Russia Most read Now Today This week 1 Moscow seeks US explanations for sanctioning Russians over North Korea 2 US hackers could be behind US presidential campaign leaks — Putin 3 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum 4 WRAP: Second day of St. Petersburg forum addresses Russian-US ties, hoax news issue 5 Russian Defense Ministry to get 14 Ka-52 attack helicopters this year — deputy minister 6 Russian Navy may create Pacific Fleet base in Kuril Islands — defense minister 7 Mission accomplished: Russian warships' long way back from Syria 1 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum 2 Putin concerned about Russian-US relations hitting record-low since Cold War 3 Putin to filmmaker Oliver Stone: Snowden no traitor, but should have resigned 4 Russia’s ‘soldier of the future’ combat gear excels foreign rivals by armor protection 5 Putin suggests US 'take a chill pill' to get over 'Trump and Russia hysteria' 6 Putin says Trump should not be judged for pulling out of Paris climate agreement 7 US sends B-52 bombers, 800 pilots to NATO drills near Russian borders — media 1 Moscow concerned over US threats against Syria’s armed forces 2 Russia’s cutting-edge fighter jet to enter service this year 3 Russian cruise missiles hit terrorist targets near Palmyra 4 Moscow mayor says Monday's hurricane 'unprecedented' 5 MC-21 airliner makes first test flight — source 6 Russian anti-submarine destroyer enters English Channel 7 Putin jokes about climate change, US hegemony at St. Petersburg forum TOP STORIES CONFLICT IN SYRIA RUSSIA'S DEFENSE INDUSTRY OIL& GAS INDUSTRY SPACE PROGRAMS Реклама News Russian Politics & Diplomacy World Business & Economy Military & Defense Science & Space Society & Culture Sport Press Review Sections Tags Media Press Releases Infographics About us TASS TODAY AGENCY NEWS TASS HISTORY MANAGEMENT CONTACTS Services TASS-PHOTO TASS-ONLINE TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age. © 2017 TASS Beta-version. Some publications may contain information not suitable for users under 16 years of age.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI) Shares Bought by RFG Advisory Group LLC Signia Capital Management LLC Has $1.63 Million Stake in Zumiez Inc. (ZUMZ) BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Stake Maintained by Sterling Global Strategies LLC Alliance Wealth Management Group Takes Position in Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc (MTNB) Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC Buys 298 Shares of Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Ares Commercial Real Estate Corp (ACRE) Stake Raised by Signia Capital Management LLC Ardmore Shipping Corp (ASC) is Signia Capital Management LLC’s 2nd Largest Position Franklin Street Properties Corp. (FSP) Position Boosted by Signia Capital Management LLC Signia Capital Management LLC Has $3 Million Stake in Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) GigPeak Inc (GIG) is Signia Capital Management LLC’s 10th Largest Position Phoenix New Media (FENG) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Gladstone Capital (GLAD) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.15 HDFC Bank Limited (HDB) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Very Unlikely to Affect Oak Valley Bancorp (OVLY) Share Price Orbotech (ORBK) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.17 Flex (FLEX) Earning Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Study Shows Merrimack Pharmaceuticals (MACK) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Affect NeoGenomics (NEO) Share Price Protective Life Corp. (PL) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Cowen Group Inc. Acquires 108,138 Shares of Petrobras Argentina SA (PZE) Signia Capital Management LLC Has $3 Million Stake in Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Signia Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) by 44.3% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 133,198 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after buying an additional 40,898 shares during the period. Solar Capital makes up 3.0% of Signia Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 15th largest position. Signia Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Solar Capital were worth $2,997,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in Solar Capital by 18.4% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 325,127 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,769,000 after buying an additional 50,601 shares during the period. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its stake in Solar Capital by 20.6% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 123,917 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,580,000 after buying an additional 21,192 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP bought a new stake in Solar Capital during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $439,000. Shelton Capital Management bought a new stake in Solar Capital during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $285,000. Finally, Advisory Research Inc. raised its stake in Solar Capital by 125.8% in the fourth quarter. Advisory Research Inc. now owns 250,953 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,225,000 after buying an additional 139,829 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 59.26% of the company’s stock. Shares of Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded up 0.05% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $21.73. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 64,629 shares. Solar Capital Ltd. has a 12-month low of $18.42 and a 12-month high of $22.94. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $22.05 and a 200 day moving average of $21.65. The firm has a market capitalization of $918.31 million, a P/E ratio of 9.59 and a beta of 0.44. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.39 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.42 by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.24 million. Solar Capital had a return on equity of 7.83% and a net margin of 50.98%. Equities research analysts predict that Solar Capital Ltd. will post $1.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be given a $0.40 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, June 20th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 7.36%. Solar Capital’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 89.89%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/signia-capital-management-llc-has-3-million-stake-in-solar-capital-ltd-slrc.html. Several equities research analysts have recently commented on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Solar Capital from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services lowered Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, National Securities upped their price objective on Solar Capital from $22.00 to $24.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, February 27th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. Solar Capital has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.34. About Solar Capital Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SLRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC). Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CVR Refining LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Madison Square Garden (MSG) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Study Shows Discover Financial Services (DFS) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Presima Inc. Buys 700 Shares of Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) CVR Refining (CVRR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Impact OFS Capital Corp (OFS) Share Price Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings (CQH) Receives Daily Media Impact Score of 0.25 Cypress Asset Management Inc. TX Purchases Shares of 5,700 Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Mirador Capital Partners LP Has $921,000 Position in iRobot Co. (IRBT) TriNet Group Inc (TNET) Stake Held by Mirador Capital Partners LP Tahithromos L.L.C. Invests $729,000 in Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc (BBW) Cornerstone Wealth Management LLC Has $355,000 Position in Toro Co (TTC) Starwood Property Trust, Inc. (STWD) Stake Raised by Mirador Capital Partners LP Mirador Capital Partners LP Sells 100 Shares of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. (BIP) Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.09 (ETW) Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Divide Announces Monthly Dividend of $0.18 (ETO) Eaton Vance Municipal Income Trust to Issue Monthly Dividend of $0.05 (EVN) Brokerages Set Popular Inc (BPOP) Target Price at $47.75 Analysts Set ALLETE Inc (ALE) Target Price at $70.25 Allegion PLC (ALLE) Receives $83.50 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Target Price at $235.30 CVR Refining (CVRR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News stories about CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) have trended somewhat positive this week, Alpha One Sentiment Analysis reports. The research group, a subsidiary of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. CVR Refining earned a daily sentiment score of 0.23 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned media coverage about the oil and gas company an impact score of 38 out of 100, indicating that recent news coverage is unlikely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news headlines that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment’s scoring: Credit Suisse Boosts Rating On CVR Refining, LP Common Units R (CVRR) – Finance Daily (fidaily.com) Credit Suisse Boosts Rating On CVR Refining, LP Common Units R (CVRR) To “Overweight” (fidaily.com) Market Scope: Tracking Shares of CVR Refining, LP (NYSE:CVRR) – Jonesboro Recorder (jonesbororecorder.com) Watching the Tape Move for CVR Refining LP (CVRR) and Cobalt International Energy Inc (CIE) – Financial News Review (finnewsreview.com) Looking Under the Hood at Shares of CVR Refining, LP (NYSE:CVRR) – Ozark Times (ozarktimes.com) Shares of CVR Refining (CVRR) traded down 2.54% during midday trading on Friday, hitting $9.60. The stock had a trading volume of 350,583 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $9.80 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.03. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.42 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 9.43 and a beta of 1.34. CVR Refining has a 52 week low of $5.50 and a 52 week high of $12.55. CVR Refining (NYSE:CVRR) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, April 27th. The oil and gas company reported $0.45 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.42. The company had revenue of $1.42 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.25 billion. CVR Refining had a negative return on equity of 7.55% and a negative net margin of 2.34%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 70.7% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted ($0.46) EPS. Equities research analysts anticipate that CVR Refining will post $1.04 earnings per share for the current year. A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. ValuEngine downgraded CVR Refining from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday. Citigroup Inc boosted their price objective on CVR Refining from $10.00 to $11.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, May 25th. Zacks Investment Research raised CVR Refining from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, April 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered CVR Refining from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their target price for the stock from $12.50 to $11.00 in a research report on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, TheStreet raised CVR Refining from a “d+” rating to a “c-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. CVR Refining presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $10.25. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “CVR Refining (CVRR) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Study Finds” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/cvr-refining-cvrr-earning-somewhat-favorable-press-coverage-study-finds.html. CVR Refining Company Profile CVR Refining, LP is an independent downstream energy limited partnership with refining and related logistics assets that operates in the mid-continent region. The Company is a petroleum refiner. It owned and operated a complex full coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Coffeyville, Kansas with a rated capacity of 115,000 barrels per calendar day (bpcd) and a complex crude oil refinery in Wynnewood, Oklahoma with a rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd capable of processing 20,000 bpcd of light sour crude oils (within its rated capacity of 70,000 bpcd), as of December 31, 2016. Receive News & Ratings for CVR Refining LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CVR Refining LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Saturday, Jun 03, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Real Estate Transfers Real estate transfers: 6/2 Transfers for Lucas and Wood counties May 22-26, 2017 Published on June 2, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print LUCAS COUNTY May 22 – May 26, 2017 43412 Residential Kuch Earl E Jr & Donna J Reineke- to Camp Daniel H & Amy J (orsurvtc), 12437 Lagoon Dr, Curtice, $290,000, (5/24) Kuch Earl E Jr & Donna J Reineke- to Camp Daniel H & Amy J (orsurvtc), 12441 Lagoon Dr, Curtice, $290,000, (5/24) Kuch Earl E Jr & Donna J Reineke- to Camp Daniel H & Amy J (orsurvtc), 137 Lagoon Dr, Curtice, $290,000, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 209 Alzale Dr, Curtice, $0, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 215 Alzale Dr, Curtice, $0, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 223 Alzale Dr, Curtice, $0, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 227 Alzale Dr, Curtice, $0, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 231 Alzale Dr, Curtice, $0, (5/24) Siegler Rose Ann to Sayen Amber M, 11950 Corduroy Rd, Curtice, $10,000, (5/25) 43445 Residential Romstadt Evelyn B to Palmer Charles, 833 Water St, Martin, $25,000, (5/22) 43504 Residential Jeo to Okos Joseph E & Amber L Orsurvtc, 10301 Sylvania Metamora Rd, Berkey, $0, (5/24) Jeo to Okos Joseph E & Amber L Orsurvtc, 5620 Richfield Center Rd, Berkey, $0, (5/24) 43522 Residential Shepherd Wayne & Lisa to Michalek Benjamin N & Christin, 11320 Box Rd, Grand Rapids, $185,000, (5/22) Speegle Aaron to Calkins Jared L & Samantha R, 10440 Providence Neapolis Swanton Rd, Grand Rapids, $220,000, (5/24) 43528 Residential McGranahan Janice A to Selwanes Wasim Etal, 8105 Longworth St, Holland, $118,250, (5/22) Inkrott Kelly & Brian Buss Or Survtc to Hensley Gary, 8231 Cherry Blossom Ln, Holland, $229,900, (5/23) Findlay Richard J to Reiner Brittany, 7717 Angola Rd, Holland, $50, (5/23) Anderson William T Jr to Wolff Michelle R Etal, 1206 Wentworth Ave, Holland, $225,000, (5/23) Mercurio Meredith L & Nathan S Gaubert to Grover Brandi & Daniel, 6901 Southbrook Cove, Holland, $189,000, (5/24) Tran Cynthia Mai to Perrine Monica D, 546 Dewitt Ave, Holland, $179,900, (5/24) Hirschfeld Craig F & Sheila R to Santa Caterina LLC An Ohio Limited, 215 Stone Oak Ct, Holland, $349,000, (5/24) Sheffler Thomas L & Mary M to Sheffler Mary M Trustee, 33 Pine Valley Rd, Holland, $0, (5/24) Kuhlman Nancy to Kuhlman Nancy E Trustee, 8432 Augusta Ln, Holland, $0, (5/25) Recknagel Dan & Suham to Recknagel Dan & Suham, 418 Cheswick Rd, Holland, $0, (5/25) Voss Benjamin to Yakumithis Whitney Etal, 7717 Angola Rd, Holland, $1,000, (5/25) Overton Angela Etal to Overton Angela Etal, 9044 Hill Ave, Holland, $0, (5/26) Overton Angela Etal to Overton Angela Etal, 9060 Hill Ave, Holland, $0, (5/26) Prentice Harry Dale & Betty Lou to Prentice Harry Dale & Betty Lou, 1106 Clark St, Holland, $0, (5/26) 43537 Residential Huntington National Bank to Capaldo Christopher, 528 Arlene Dr, Maumee, $149,100, (5/22) Kroggel Steven & Amber to Gallagher Drew M & Cori L Orsurvtc, 1713 S Parkway Dr, Maumee, $116,500, (5/22) Nichter Edward C to Morehouse Keith A, 4403 Margrete Dr, Maumee, $35,000, (5/22) Cromly Brett M & Christy A to Foster Andrew & Samantha Orsurvtc, 516 Mcintyre Ln, Maumee, $157,900, (5/23) Clark William C & Mary C to Kasle Thomas R & Jan B (orsurvtc), 5072 Starboard Dr, Maumee, $267,000, (5/23) Nolte D O Jr & M L to Nolte D O Jr & M L, 1026 Hugo Ave, Maumee, $0, (5/23) Sexton Regina Marie to Sexton Regina Marie, 709 Askin St, Maumee, $0, (5/23) Filson Robert H to Snell D C & T L, 4709 Port Dr, Maumee, $160,100, (5/23) Buehrer Kent D to Buehrer Kent D, 6538 Wayne Ct, Maumee, $0, (5/24) Mouch Thomas E & Kathryn B to Habtewold Eyob, 553 Dussel Dr, Maumee, $189,000, (5/24) Mueller Paul M & Julia R to Thacker Jess M & Angela J, 66 Mallard Run, Maumee, $117,500, (5/24) Hetz Jacqueline to Yockey Randy D Ii, 600 Southfield Dr, Maumee, $108,000, (5/24) C & W Tank Cleaning Inc to C & W Tank Cleaning Inc, 6537 Wayne Ct, Maumee, $0, (5/25) Sniecinski Kyle L & Sri H to Fisher Jeffrey Earl, 6201 Garden Rd, Maumee, $20,000, (5/25) Maumee Little League, An Oh Not For to City Of Maumee, 415 Ford St, Maumee, $0, (5/26) Baker Ann B to Gallaher Jay F & Bianca M Braman Or, 2314 Glenrose Ln, Maumee, $184,000, (5/26) Zimerle Patricia to Kaminski Joel D & Marjorie A Or Survtc, 4514 Blackstone Dr, Maumee, $169,000, (5/26) Brubaker Daniel K , Successor Trustee to O’leary Tamara Suc Tr, 220 W John St, Maumee, $0, (5/26) Oliver Dennis C & Jennifer L to Oliver Jennifer L, 4809 Talon Trl, Maumee, $0, (5/26) 43542 Agricultural Kollarits Carol R to Kollarits Carol R, 10733 Reed Rd, Monclova, $0, (5/23) Wright Custom Homes LTD An Ohio LLC to Wright Custom Homes LTD An Ohio LLC, 3201 S Crissey Rd, Monclova, $0, (5/24) Residential Stitt Development Partners LLC An Ohi Li to Nwo Speculations LLC An Ohio Limited, 5822 Watermill Ct, Monclova, $115,000, (5/22) Stitt Development Partners LLC An Ohi Li to Nwo Speculations LLC An Ohio Limited, 5837 Wainscot Ct, Monclova, $115,000, (5/22) Drew Stephanie to Drew Stephanie, 4405 Eber Rd, Monclova, $0, (5/25) 43558 Agricultural Fritsch Donald L Etal to Fritsch Donald L Etal, 11160 Dorr St, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Residential Federal National Mortgage Association to Fuzinski Stephen M, 11207 Sager Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/24) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 10951 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 11001 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 11007 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 11015 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 11027 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) Fritsch Daniel P Etal to Fritsch Timothy A Etal, 11043 Miller Rd, Swanton, $0, (5/25) 43560 Agricultural Strouse Melvin W Etal to 9435 Properties LLC An Ohio Limited, 9435 W Sylvania Ave, Sylvania, $454,014, (5/22) Residential Cody Melissa C to Gross Justin D & Jackenzie K (orsurvtc), 4152 Stonehenge Dr, Sylvania, $155,000, (5/22) Ghesquiere Jennifer L to Lockert David A, 5924 Bear Creek Dr, Sylvania, $275,000, (5/22) Vavrinek Peter J & Linda A to Vavrinek Peter J Trustee Etal, 8780 Kellie Ln, Sylvania, $0, (5/22) Breidenbach Scott A & Rebecca A to Breidenbach Scott A, 5120 Silica Dr, Sylvania, $0, (5/23) Fisher Tim G & Kathy M to Ireal Estate LLC, 4901 Westcliffe Ct, Sylvania, $230,000, (5/23) Rule Julie Byczynski- to Ramirez Robert Jr, 6807 Brintwood Rd, Sylvania, $147,500, (5/23) Chapman George W & Nancy H to Chapman Nancy H, 8919 North Park Lake Cir, Sylvania, $0, (5/24) Ray Larry to Farquharson John, 5161 Langham Dr, Sylvania, $19,000, (5/24) Garn John M & Mary Kay to Garn Mary Kay, 7364 Country Commons Ln, Sylvania, $0, (5/24) Palisades Development Company LLC An Ohi to Gembolis Debra A, 5315 Quarry Side Dr, Sylvania, $235,500, (5/24) Bergfeld Matthew W to Kalita Kevin, 5903 Walnut Springs Blvd, Sylvania, $364,000, (5/24) Stanbery Marlene B to Nyitray Marlene B Trustee Of The Marlen, 7316 Guild Ct, Sylvania, $0, (5/24) Steidinger Gregory to Pless James, 8436 Eordogh Dr, Sylvania, $105,000, (5/24) Schlageter Richard C Jr to Schlageter Richard C Jr, 7334 Wicklow Woods Dr, Sylvania, $0, (5/24) Slomka Gregory F & Mary L to Slomka Gregory F & Mary L (trustees), 9006 Cedar Berry Ct, Sylvania, $0, (5/24) Helfman Todd A & Kristal to Westendorf Jason R & Sheryl L (orsurvtc), 5431 Deercross Ct, Sylvania, $265,000, (5/24) Smith Cheryl A to Buehl George T & Elaine G, 4150 Stonehenge Dr, Sylvania, $138,000, (5/25) Cather Marilyn D to Cather Charles W Tr Of The Marilyn D Cat, 6036 Flanders Rd, Sylvania, $0, (5/25) Secretary Of Housing & Urban Development to Cornwell Parker Q & Jeannette M Or, 5144 Estess Ave, Sylvania, $0, (5/25) Bopery Nicole L to Dudderar Todd R, 6435 Longfellow Rd, Sylvania, $161,000, (5/25) Holder Anthony D Etal to Javaid Ahmad Y, 7638 Sylvan Oaks Way, Sylvania, $240,000, (5/25) Kalita Kevin T & Patti to Lomax Robert A Jr, 5919 Apple Meadow Dr, Sylvania, $241,000, (5/25) Munson Brandon W & Katherine D to Mercier Justin & Chelsealyn (orsurvtc), 5901 Brookestone Village Ln, Sylvania, $209,500, (5/25) Szparka Douglas R & Amanda J to Rozek Melissa Anne & Aaron R, 6133 Wakefield Dr, Sylvania, $210,000, (5/25) Dowdell Kimberly to Wojkiewicz Katherine R Etal, 6045 Gregory Dr, Sylvania, $167,000, (5/25) Zimmerman David A & Evelyn V to Zimmerman David A & Evelyn V, 10220 Brint Rd, Sylvania, $0, (5/25) Croci Vincent J & Amy L to Godfrey Daniel E, 6115 Wakefield Dr, Sylvania, $194,400, (5/26) Horner James M Trustee to Hasan Tayseer Ahmad & Seima Or Survtc, 4631 Country Walk Ln, Sylvania, $281,000, (5/26) Bentley Herman & Betty Jo to Pierson Rosemary, 7427 Country Meadow Ct, Sylvania, $215,000, (5/26) Reber Clark H & Carolyn J to Reber Carolyn J, 5933 Rockdale Ln, Sylvania, $0, (5/26) Lewton Benjamin R Etal to Stefango Jilian L Etal Or Survtc, 7142 Orvieto Dr, Sylvania, $144,000, (5/26) Gorsuch George E to Waldrop Sandra Jean, 6366 Oakland Ct, Sylvania, $265,000, (5/26) 43566 Residential Kaiser Meghan & Bradley to Fox Meghan A, 1400 Southridge Dr, Waterville, $0, (5/23) Shuler William E & Marilyn A to Rajner George J, 7862 Timbers Edge , Waterville, $145,000, (5/23) Louisville Title Agency For NWO Inc to Hasty Nancy L, 6102 Double Eagle Ct, Waterville, $54,900, (5/24) Entenman Janis to Janis Entenman LLC An Ohio LLC, 128 N Fourth St, Waterville, $0, (5/24) Tilton John D Et Al to Lamb Roger M Etal, 105 Rutledge Dr, Waterville, $192,000, (5/24) Gwin Lee D & Barbara J to Cook Kendra J & James L (orsurvtc), 7506 Timbers Blvd, Waterville, $249,900, (5/25) Croy Paul E Successor Trustee to Dewitt William E & Stephanie C, 7532 Royal Timbers Ln, Waterville, $260,000, (5/25) Cantor Thomas W Iv & Beverly A to Horner James, 7774 Greenville Crossing, Waterville, $162,750, (5/25) Taberner Kevin John Etal to Horvath Joseph A Jr & Philomena, 6 Gatewood Rd, Waterville, $122,900, (5/25) Brenner Linda M Trustee to Maguire Kay M Trustee, 519 Michigan Ave, Waterville, $147,900, (5/25) Maxwell Robert A & Christine to Maxwell Robert A & Christine, 7356 Sand Wedge Ct, Waterville, $0, (5/25) Sharpe Janet M to Sharpe Janet M Etal Or Survtc, 1004 Farmview Dr, Waterville, $0, (5/25) 43571 Residential Carroll Christina M to Jacob Wayne W, 6862 Wycliffe Dr, Whitehouse, $154,000, (5/22) Bass Lucas A & Jeanette to Nielson Kim V & Shelly L (orsurvtc), 11367 Birch Pointe Dr, Whitehouse, $369,000, (5/23) Samberg John E & Jason E to Yawberg Investments LLC, 6839 Yawberg Rd, Whitehouse, $0, (5/23) Louisville Title Agency For NW Ohio Inc to Kohring Craig R, 10349 Blue Ridge Dr, Whitehouse, $25,000, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 6918 Westwyck Dr, Whitehouse, $0, (5/24) Wilson Nicolas C & Keri to Decker Kristi M Etal, 9907 North Blue Prairie Dr, Whitehouse, $419,900, (5/25) Tipping Ellen K to Deutsche Bank National Trust Company, 10829 Lucas St, Whitehouse, $36,667, (5/25) Hallmark Homes LTD to Edgevale Investments LLC, 9528 Stallion Cir, Whitehouse, $53,900, (5/25) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc Tr to Edgevale Investments LLC An Oh LLC, 9563 Newbury Ln, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc to Edgevale Investments LLC An Ohio LLC, 9515 Stallion Cir, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio, Inc, to Edgevale Investments LLC An Ohio LLC, 9537 Stallion Cir, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Midland Agency Of Nwo Inc Trustee to Edgevale Investments LLC An Ohio LLC, 9545 Stallion Cir, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc to Edgevale Investments LLC An Ohio LLC, 9602 Stallion Cir, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) McCartan Dennis M to Fleming Tony K & Deann R (orsurvtc), 8080 Yawberg Rd, Whitehouse, $239,900, (5/25) Luedtke Sharon A to Luedtke Sharon A, 5962 Lynwood Ct, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Rupp Kenneth D & Martha M to Rupp Martha M, 10915 Stiles Rd, Whitehouse, $0, (5/25) Heckman Robert W & Nikole L to Heckman Robert W & Nikole L, 11170 Alscot Ln, Whitehouse, $0, (5/26) 43602 Residential Diaz Elizabeth to Bork Scott, 201 Newton St, Toledo, $1,000, (5/23) McCadney La Shawn to Shavers Charles Jr, 633 Fernwood Ave, Toledo, $1, (5/23) 43604 Commercial Bivens Tony W Sr to Bivens Tony W Sr, 611 Magnolia St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Bivens Tony W Sr to Bivens Tony W Sr, 613 Magnolia St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Bivens Tony W Sr to Bivens Tony W Sr, 615 Magnolia St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) M&M Heating & Cooling,incan Ohio Corpora to M&M Washington Street Properties LLC, 1515 Washington St, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Exempt Forfeited Land to Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp, 1234 N Ontario St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) 43605 Exempt Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp to Nelms Jennifer, 842 Berry St, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Kutz Fredrick W to Fifth Third Mortgage Company, 2011 Genesee St, Toledo, $33,334, (5/25) Forfeited Land to Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp, 258 Steel St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp to Norrngton Corie, 826 Mason St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Residential Switzer Edwin & Liv M to Midland Agency For Northwest Ohio Inc Tr, 245 Licking St, Toledo, $19,000, (5/22) Vargo William Etal to Avalos Angela, 238 Spring Grove Ave, Toledo, $19,000, (5/23) Higgins Lydia to Bell Christine, 452 N Wheeling St, Toledo, $45,000, (5/23) Villolovos Charles Sr to Big V 76 LLC An Ohio LLC, 443 Third St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Daniels Walter L &virginia G to Daniels Walter L, 1219 Delence St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Vicario Mary Ann to Gerrard Raymond Co-trs Of The Mary, 1507 Kedron St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Kutz Fredrick W to Fifth Third Mortgage Company, 2011 Genesee St, Toledo, $33,334, (5/25) Flores Hector & Florence to Flores Hector & Florence, 825 Hunker Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Harman Thomas R to Harman Thomas R, 1618 Liberty St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Harman Thomas R to Harman Thomas R, 1620 Liberty St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Meagher Frances K to Hartman Timothy & Shevy J, 215 White St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/25) Graczyk Ralph & Hilda R to Keel Brittany Nicole, 12 Magyar St, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Vollmar Sherie L to L Hollingworth School For The Gifted And, 39 Jay St, Toledo, $6,500, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title Inc Trustee to R & P Investments Inc, 514 Raymer Blvd, Toledo, $25,300, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title LLC Trustee A to R & P Investments Inc, 861 Oak St, Toledo, $15,400, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title Inc Trustee to R & P Investments LLC, 516 Raymer Blvd, Toledo, $29,150, (5/26) Wills Betty J to Wills Philip Etal, 1645 Botkins Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43606 Commercial Biven Tony W to Biven Tony W, 1712 Cone St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Biven Tony W to Biven Tony W, 1714 Cone St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Biven Tony W to Biven Tony W, 1716 Cone St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Biven Tony W to Biven Tony W, 1720 Cone St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Exempt Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp to Garmon Shawntay, 1724 Freeman St, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Lucas County Land Reutilization Corporat to Sharp Larry Eugene, 2283 Albion St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Residential Young Edward to Young Joan T, 3308 Hargo Rd, Toledo, $0, (2/21) Bivens Tony W to Bivens Angela, 1809 W Bancroft St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Chesnut John R & Stephanie V to Gaudin Daniel Etal, 3416 W Bancroft St, Toledo, $460,000, (5/22) Watkins Marie to Hataullah Luqman, 1314 Fitchland Ave, Toledo, $1,500, (5/22) Horowitz Inge Tr to Hauff Nicholas A & Katelyn E (orsurvtc), 2905 Meadowwood Dr, Toledo, $167,000, (5/22) Bivens Tony W to West Shirley, 2515 Gasser St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Kirdahy Anthony J & tatiana to Arendt David & Erin M Orsurvtc, 3645 Lincolnshire Woods Rd, Toledo, $57,000, (5/23) McNamee William M & Barbara A to Federal National Mortgage Association, 2250 Secor Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) McNamee William M &barbara A to Federal National Mortgage Association, 2254 Secor Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Keister William R & Joan L to Keister Joan L, 2805 Gunckel Blvd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Schwartz William H to Luda Stephen, 2049 Brookdale Rd, Toledo, $171,500, (5/23) Talbott Katharine T to Talbott Katharine T, 3735 Sulphur Springs Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation to Tincher John & Susan Marie, 3010 W Central Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Ferencz Angi to Grombacher Andy M, 2921 Manchester Blvd, Toledo, $178,000, (5/25) Coy Cay L & Laura (orsurvtc) to Jiannuzzi Richard A & Sherri L Orsurvtc, 4210 Indian Rd, Toledo, $234,500, (5/25) Strunk Jonathan & Emily Woltering to Reiner Matthew & Paris Malin, 3015 Pembroke Rd, Toledo, $325,000, (5/25) Buchanan Eric to Buchanan Eric, 3230 Algonquin Pkwy, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Many Paul & Linda Dove to Gosline William H & Lorraine C, 3847 Indian Rd, Toledo, $189,000, (5/26) Hinds Maryann C to Hinds Thomas Allen, 3339 Kingsgate Blvd, Toledo, $105,000, (5/26) Kanous Alan T & Elizabethj Trustees to Lentz Kyle R, 2639 Sherbrooke Rd, Toledo, $60,000, (5/26) Ruecker Ella E to Ruecker Ella E, 4156 Marlaine Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43607 Residential Federal National Mortgage Association to Davis Jason & Lisa, 1214 Independence Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Noble Taveon L to Garth Antoine D, 939 Hamilton St, Toledo, $100, (5/22) Equity Trust Company Custodian Fbo Linda to Harris Vernita Etal, 1819 Evansdale Ave, Toledo, $35,191, (5/22) Shorter Delores M to Shorter Delores M, 732 Secor Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Pierce Pamela M Fka Pamela M Craig to Ramsey Vincent D, 1242 Woodland Ave, Toledo, $10,000, (5/23) Flagstar Bank Fsb to Williams Shawn D Jr, 855 Lincoln Ave, Toledo, $7,500, (5/23) Wright Daniel & Becky to Wright Daniel, 1030 Nebraska Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Abbott Alva J to Abbott Anthony J, 937 Blum St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Fuleky James E Jr to Pilgram Road LLC A Michigan LLC, 1766 Pilgrim Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Palm Connection Investments LLC to Polaris Investments LLC An Arizona Limit, 522 Clifton Blvd, Toledo, $21,500, (5/24) Moss Ronald Louis to Moss Ronald L Jr, 1931 Calumet Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Getchell Cecilia M Etal to Palmer Amanda L Etal, 624 Mackow Dr, Toledo, $45,000, (5/25) Buchanan Eric L to Buchanan Eric L, 1828 Joffre St, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43608 Commercial Williamson Carmen to Moore Jamal Jerome, 1402 Walnut St, Toledo, $7,000, (5/22) Exempt Bank Of America Na to Gibson Roquel Detra Brown-, 1701 Walnut St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Residential Bivens Tony W to Bivens Tony W Sr, 728 Moore St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Moore Trini R to Ferguson Bernard M, 3133 Cottage Ave, Toledo, $1, (5/22) Grzymkowski Scott M & Laura L Etal to Gonzales Sylvia, 542 E Lake St, Toledo, $20,000, (5/22) Grzymkowski Scott M & Laura L Etal to Gonzales Sylvia, 544 E Lake St, Toledo, $20,000, (5/22) Turner Edward M & Sherre L to Hayashida Alston T & Hanh N, 1004 E Central Ave, Toledo, $9,000, (5/22) Cicora Anthony N & Claudette N to Rjm Realty LLC A Nevada LLC, 3240 Otto St, Toledo, $13,000, (5/22) Alexander James Latwan to McCadney Darren V Sr, 2907 Chestnut St, Toledo, $2,500, (5/23) Snow Rhonda S to Vea Robert Iii, 3 E Lake St, Toledo, $7,000, (5/23) Hill Thomas M to Daniels Terrence, 356 E Weber St, Toledo, $1, (5/24) Bank Of America Na to Gibson Roquel Detra Brown-, 1701 Walnut St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Bank Of America Na to Toledo Chinacenter LLC, 3564 Twining St, Toledo, $4,100, (5/24) Buchanan Eric to Buchanan Eric, 315 Ferris Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/26) US Ohio Real Estate Holdings Inc An Ohio to Hammons Racheal, 235 Ferris Ave, Toledo, $5,000, (5/26) Wilmington Savings Fund Society, Fsb, to Toledo Rentals LLC, 28 W Streicher St, Toledo, $12,621, (5/26) 43609 Industrial Leffler Pamela to Leffler Pamela, 137 Morton St, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Residential Secretary Of Housing & Urban Development to Depew Pamela R, 549 Myers St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Fifth Third Bank An Ohio Banking to Jc Residential LLC, 555 Foredale Ave, Toledo, $20,000, (5/22) Federal National Mortgage Association to Kolev Stefan, 1035 National Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Banks Quentin to Layson Earlie Sabrina, 637 Greene St, Toledo, $1, (5/22) Zepeda Joe to Maldonado Henrry & Maria M (orsurvtc), 210 Segur Ave, Toledo, $1, (5/22) Secretary Of Housing And Urban Developme to Patton Shala, 1604 Wayne St, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Przybykski Philip T to Przybykski Philip T, 2338 South Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Przybykski Philip T to Przybykski Philip T, 2342 South Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Kraemer David M to Scott Traci (trustee), 751 Lodge Ave, Toledo, $41,500, (5/22) Rent 8 Toledo LLC A Limited Liability to Shaad Jaudat Wassam, 2049 Dana St, Toledo, $33,000, (5/22) Legech Gregory L to Bank Of New York Mellon (The) Fka The Ba, 955 Francis Ave, Toledo, $28,000, (5/23) Goulette Daniel J to Pirooz Brandan M, 1026 Atlantic Ave, Toledo, $1,742, (5/23) Shaffer Shelia D to Rogers Rawleigh, 215 Mitchell St, Toledo, $1, (5/23) Jlo Investments LLC to Bernal Barbara, 1006 St James Ct, Toledo, $55,900, (5/24) Arbogast James K to Pratt Larry M, 1008 Curtis St, Toledo, $6,025, (5/24) Burton Katie Beth to Smith Stacy L, 1218 Colburn St, Toledo, $21,250, (5/24) Harbour Portfolio Viii Lp to Suremark Asset Management LLC A Nevada, 711 Hampton Ave, Toledo, $11,500, (5/24) Sanders Rashawn L to Christian Destiney, 520 South Ave, Toledo, $500, (5/25) Wheeler Larry to Garza Vincent, 834 Prouty Ave, Toledo, $6,000, (5/25) Turnow Kevin R Etal to Judy Tracy M Etal Or Survtc, 2325 Dunham St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/25) Cash Flow Holdings LLC An Ohio LLC to Moore Herbert Patrick, 850 Lorain St, Toledo, $33,400, (5/25) Short Roy-alan B to C-marie LTD An Ohio LLC, 2045 Dana St, Toledo, $33,200, (5/26) Rebnel Realty LLC A California Limited to Domum Tandem LLC An Ohio LLC, 122 Ralph St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/26) Rebnel Realty LLC A California Liability to Domum Tandem LLC An Ohio LLC, 1596 Wayne St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/26) Rebnel Realty LLC A California Limited to Domum Tandem LLC An Ohio LLC, 2217 Broadway St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/26) Rebnel Realty LLC A California Limited to Domum Tandem LLC An Ohio LLC, 537 Colburn St, Toledo, $55,000, (5/26) Mays Darnell to Harrison Joy, 818 Tunnel St, Toledo, $100, (5/26) Mays Darnell to Harrison Joy, 820 Tunnel St, Toledo, $100, (5/26) Jones Marvin Jr to Jones Martin Lee, 549 Prouty Ave, Toledo, $1,000, (5/26) Zweizig Matthew G to Moody James D, 1047 Wright Ave, Toledo, $24,926, (5/26) Zweizig Matthew G to Moody James D, 1049 Wright Ave, Toledo, $24,926, (5/26) Summit Group LLC to Toledo Transformation LLC, 628 Apple Ave, Toledo, $27,500, (5/26) 43610 Exempt Forfeited Land to Lucas County Land Reutilization Corp, 2347 Glenwood Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Residential Starting Point Investments LLC to Jankowski Aimee, 3021 Parkwood Ave, Toledo, $15,000, (5/22) Howard Benjamin E to Osment Christopher J, 340 Boston Pl, Toledo, $74,000, (5/22) Angelo Raymond D & Isabel M Trustees to Angelo Raymond D (suc Tr), 2515 Scottwood Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Washington Adrian Dbrooks- to Bell Rashawn T, 3337 Collingwood Blvd, Toledo, $1,500, (5/24) Vanderpool Lonnette M to Vanderpool Lonnette M, 1674 Glenton Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43611 Commercial Bivens Tony & Norma to Bivens Tony W, 327 River Pl, Toledo, $100, (5/22) Hilton Debra to Hilton R D Ii & Debra S Co-trustees Of, 6100 N Summit St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Exempt Mikkelson Allan M & Nora Jean to Mikkelson Allan M & Nora Jean, 317 Bassett St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Residential Bivens Tony W to Bivens Norma, 1824 N Erie St, Toledo, $20, (5/22) Bivens Tony & Norma to Bivens Norma, 323 River Pl, Toledo, $50, (5/22) Bivens Tony & Norma to Bivens Norma, 325 River Pl, Toledo, $50, (5/22) Wyllie James A to Parker Mark, 5414 Edgewater Dr, Toledo, $125,000, (5/22) Holycross William A & Julie A to Smith Austin G, 2620 120th St, Toledo, $73,500, (5/22) Charter One Bank N A to Citizens Bank Na, 3001 123rd St, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Stefas Martha J to Stefas Paul & Martha J Co-trs Of The Ste, 2332 Ottawa River Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Stefas Martha J to Stefas Paul & Martha J Co-trs Of The Ste, 2336 Ottawa River Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Underwood Ronald R Trustee to Porteous Clifford D, 1865 Chase St, Toledo, $4,000, (5/24) Arnold Amber to Rollins Donna, 319 Chicago St, Toledo, $1, (5/24) Bacon David E Jr to Bacon David E Jr & Heather D Or Survtc, 6221 Capshore Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Emerson John D & Helen L to Emerson Tina Renay, 512 Albany St, Toledo, $100, (5/26) Federal National Mortgage Association to Lucas County Land Reutilization, 2414 N Erie St, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Molina Alfred G & Georgina M to Zagoric Marcus, 1978 N Ontario St, Toledo, $36,250, (5/26) 43612 Commercial Rostash James F to State Self Storage LLC A Michigan LLC, 6115 Telegraph Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Industrial Schuster Ronald M & Elizabeth S to Schuster Ronald M & Elizabeth S Orsurvtc, 4339 Bennett Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Residential Brock Mary Ellen to Jc Residential LLC, 1576 Gould Rd, Toledo, $39,250, (5/22) 1 W Holdings LLC-pmsc1.com Sales to Ogle Charlotte R, 1330 W Alexis Rd, Toledo, $1,000, (5/22) Deen Aaron N to Parks Tarvis, 3829 Burton Ave, Toledo, $17,000, (5/22) Sheriff James R to Reddick Melvin, 345 Tudor St, Toledo, $31,000, (5/22) Sheriff James R Sr to Reddick Melvin, 349 Tudor St, Toledo, $31,000, (5/22) Schuster Ronald M to Schuster Ronald M & Elizabeth S Orsurvtc, 4347 Bennett Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Parklane Holdings LLC to Smith Raymond O, 5315 Lewis Ave, Toledo, $100, (5/22) Jm Real Estate And Development LLC to Thomas Lakeysha, 4039 Caroline Ave, Toledo, $5,000, (5/22) Parklane Holdings LLC to You Andrea Montez, 5315 Lewis Ave, Toledo, $4,900, (5/22) Louis Alesia to Adore U Houisng LLC, 3729 Hazelhurst , Toledo, $0, (5/23) Halsey Dana M to Bentley Kevin, 1022 Eleanor Ave, Toledo, $8,900, (5/23) Krantz George to Christian Dean A, 4302 Asbury Dr, Toledo, $1, (5/23) Dalton Dianne L to Dalton Dianne L, 19 W Capistrano Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Pacholski Michael R Etal to Gates James & Judith (orsurvtc), 315 W Crawford Ave, Toledo, $25,000, (5/23) Nagle Regina to I.w. Holdings LLC-pmsc1.com Sales, 5315 Lewis Ave, Toledo, $10,500, (5/23) Majdecki Jane M Etal to Majdecki Jane M Etal, 4535 Belmar Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Wright Daniel M Etal to Wright Becky H Etal, 3635 Wallwerth Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Wright Daniel M & Becky H to Wright Daniel Etal, 3812 Wallwerth Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Villolovos Charles R to Big V 76 LLC An Ohio LLC, 1042 Eleanor Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Kelly Neela to Dream Feel Homes LTD, 4159 Berwick Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Drake Jennifer M to Eriken LLC, 1643 Stanbery Ct, Toledo, $37,425, (5/24) Jlo Investments LLC to Liang Derek, 4335 Belmar Ave, Toledo, $72,900, (5/24) Federal National Mortgage Association to Lucas County Land Reutilization, 1447 Berdan Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Frazier Ronald J to Maltby Robert E, 4416 North Haven Ave, Toledo, $68,500, (5/24) Nowicki Daniel M & Geraldine to Nowicki Daniel M, 603 Cloverdale Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) USA Regrowth Fund LLC to Paul & Lisa Real Estate LLC, 1263 Crestwood Rd, Toledo, $89,900, (5/24) Bailey Cathy L to Tafelski Cathy L, 1614 Sarasota Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/24) McBride Heather to The Huntington National Bank, 4614 Commonwealth Ave, Toledo, $38,667, (5/24) Thomas George A to Watkins Jamie, 724 Annabelle Dr, Toledo, $45,000, (5/24) Urbanowski Gloria to Continental Investments Inc, 950 Alexis, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Durbin Priscilla L Suc Tr to Federal National Mortgage Association, 3525 Watson Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Firefund LLC to Indy Pines LLC, 1106 Martin Ave, Toledo, $59,900, (5/25) Lymond Keri A & Shawn M to Lymond Keri A, 908 Brinton Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Snyder Donald R & Vi cki L to PNC Bank National Association, 1109 Branleigh Dr, Toledo, $12,000, (5/25) Keybank National Association to Rockdale Partners LLC, 3814 Watson Ave, Toledo, $16,150, (5/25) Aston Michael C & Beth A to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 4119 Willys Pkwy, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Aston Michael & Beth to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 4812 Burnham Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Aston Michael & Beth to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 527 Pasadena Blvd, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Shankland Timothy A (suc.tr) to Bovee Terry M, 433 W State Line Rd, Toledo, $90,000, (5/26) Viering Melanie K to Eisenhauer Scott E, 404 Northdale Dr, Toledo, $74,500, (5/26) Alcock James L Jr to Holy Toledo Rentals LLC, 4345 Jackman Rd, Toledo, $51,500, (5/26) Federal National Mortgage Associationto Knighten Courtney N, 4239 Asbury Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Sanchez Victoria to Ohio Cashflow LLC, 1505 Primrose Ave, Toledo, $54,900, (5/26) Ross Clara L to Ross Gregory D, 6180 Halfway Ct, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43613 Commercial All For One Management LLC to Arendt David & Erin, 3522 Douglas Rd, Toledo, $95,000, (5/23) Hirschl Marc A to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 3260 Shawnee Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Residential Gale Maureen K & Mark A to Gale Anthony J, 4324 Douglas Rd, Toledo, $78,000, (5/22) Kluczynski Emiko to O’leary Karen Etal, 2304 Ida Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Bondy Angela L to Bank Of New York Mellon Trust Company Na, 3572 Bellevue Rd, Toledo, $33,000, (5/23) Brown Betty Jane to Hackney Andrew J & Kristina M (orsurvtc), 1826 Christian Ave, Toledo, $71,000, (5/23) Wiley Daniel R to PNC Bank National Association, 6020 Larchway Ct, Toledo, $83,000, (5/23) Tresize Tyler to Bopery Jennifer L, 4174 Vogel Dr, Toledo, $146,500, (5/24) Sweebe Sandra K to Braman Maria L, 6112 Herst Rd, Toledo, $112,500, (5/24) Roof Donna to Culbertson Donnie, 2352 Georgetown Ave, Toledo, $35,000, (5/24) Durbin Priscilla L Suc Tr to Dorn Christopher T Etal, 3901 Rohr Dr, Toledo, $71,000, (5/24) Osenbaugh Donald to Osenbaugh Donald, 2966 Edgebrook Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Eaton James J to Pym Mark & Deborah (orsurvtc), 3755 Woodmont Rd, Toledo, $68,000, (5/24) Williams Kenneth A to Williams Kenneth A, 2125 Mansfield Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Wotring Judith A to Wotring Judith A, 5416 Yermo St, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Botz Victor B & Kathryn E to Botz Victor B & Kathryn E, 4105 Seckinger Ct, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Evans Kathryn A to Evans Kathryn A Trustee Of The Kathryn A, 3128 Elmview Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Gump Clarence Jackson to Fitkin Amy J Etal, 4235 Templar Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Hodak Bonnie to Graber Eric D, 4124 Stannard Dr, Toledo, $109,000, (5/25) Hartford Jeanette L to Hartford Jeanette L, 1736 Georgia Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Mowery Ray E & Shirley M Trustees to Mowery Shirley M Suc Tr, 2730 Arletta St, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Federal National Mortgage Association to A & H Properties LLC, 6003 Tetherwood Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Aston Michael C & Beth A to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 2601 Grantwood Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Aston Michael C & Beth A to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 2603 Grantwood Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Aston Michael C & Beth A to Aston Properties LLC, An Ohio LLC, 3911 Seckinger Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Batema Richard W & Patricia A (trustees to Batema Richard W Trustee, 4754 Vogel Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Buchanan Eric to Buchanan Eric, 1805 Brame Pl, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title Inc Trustee to Butch Dakota, 2646 Castleton Ave, Toledo, $100,000, (5/26) Roehl Rachel K & Nathan J to Jcr-l, 2819 Oak Grove Pl, Toledo, $99,900, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title LLC (as Trust to R & P Investments Inc An Ohio Corp, 1758 Loxley Rd, Toledo, $22,500, (5/26) Rhodes Christine M to Root Lynne A, 2239 Georgetown Ave, Toledo, $88,400, (5/26) 43614 Commercial St Marie John to St Marie John & Laurie A Orsurvtc, 5552 Cresthaven Ln, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Briarfield L.a.m LTD to Lexington Investments LTD An Ohio LLC, 5359 Cresthaven Ln, Toledo, $192,501, (5/25) Residential Morey Ria to Davis Gaines Iii & Leslie (orsurvtc), 2021 Cass Rd, Toledo, $135,000, (5/22) Gerhardinger Marcella M to Gerhardinger Marcella M, 3621 Golfgate Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Peters Rita J to Peters Rita J, 3535 River Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Pinney William R & Cathy M to Pinney Cathy M, 2541 W Village Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Gilsdorf Donald to Polaris Investments LLC, 3261 Radford Ave, Toledo, $40,000, (5/22) Kelly Walda G to Stearns Susan M, 4368 N Watercrest Dr, Toledo, $128,500, (5/22) Brady John J to Brady Scott K Etal, 4739 Ryan Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Haack Andrew to Bublick Courtney, 3611 Prairie Ave, Toledo, $114,000, (5/23) McFadden Kenneth to Coronado Christopher L, 2316 Marengo St, Toledo, $116,300, (5/23) Altman Caleb Thomas & Deborah Joy to Harris Paul M & Madeline J Orsurvtc, 4541 S May Ave, Toledo, $107,500, (5/23) Sieke Rachel to 2534 W Village Drive LLC An Ohio LLC, 2534 W Village Dr, Toledo, $94,500, (5/24) Christie Alexzander & Felicia Or Survtc to Christie Alexzander, 3728 Perlawn Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Neeb Michael J & Vanessa A Snyder Or to Neeb Michael J & Vanessa A Snyder Or, 2039 Wildwood Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Payne Lindsey B to Scott Adam G & Allison N (orsurvtc), 3027 Glencairn Ave, Toledo, $98,400, (5/24) Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation to Tibbits Alexander J, 4024 Beechway Blvd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Ampthor Mette E to Ampthor Mette E, 4545 Heathercove Pl (private Rd) , Toledo, $0, (5/25) Fischer Eileen L to Fischer Eileen L, 1614 Eaton Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Sanford Anita J to Konwinski Alexander L Etal, 1642 Colleen Ct, Toledo, $100,000, (5/25) Quinn Daniel P & Lois E to Quinn Daniel P, 1721 Wildwood Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Kellough Zebulun L & Shannon N to Vantrease Logan, 3448 Glynn Dr, Toledo, $124,900, (5/25) Mechling Paul E, Trustee to Bird David A & Karen H (orsurvtc), 2338 Heatherwood Dr, Toledo, $133,500, (5/26) Ihrig Kenneth D to Kaimari Fayez, 1763 Wilshire Blvd, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Kovalik Patricia H to Kovalik Patricia H Trustee Of The Patri, 3456 Island Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Kovalik Patricia H to Kovalik Patricia H Trustee Of The Patri, 3456 Island Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Bak Dale to Lewis Jason C & Jessica N (orsurvtc), 4356 Beverly Dr, Toledo, $78,000, (5/26) Greater Metropolitan Title Inc An Ohio to Payne Cory C & Lindsey B (orsurvtc), 2304 Greenlawn Dr, Toledo, $159,000, (5/26) Petree Matthew J to Smith Bret & Remi, 2622 Gloria Ct, Toledo, $122,500, (5/26) 43615 Commercial Blossom George Barton Trustee to 1615 Adams LLC An Ohio Limited Liability, 2526 N Reynolds Rd, Toledo, $160,000, (5/22) 2544 North Reynolds LLC An Ohio Limited to 2544 North Reynolds LLC An Ohio Limited, 2536 N Reynolds Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) 2544 North Reynolds LLC An Ohio Limited to 2544 North Reynolds LLC An Ohio Limited, 2536 N Reynolds Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Residential Eiche Ruth A to Eiche Ruth A, 1703 Birdie Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Williams Chris A to Hottmann Ronald W Jr, 5609 Camberley Dr, Toledo, $73,500, (5/22) Kovacs Jose Manuel Etal to Kovacs Leann M, 31 N McCord Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Stahl Brian P to McNett Robert J, 2419 Orchard Hills Blvd, Toledo, $108,770, (5/22) Boothe David T to Smith Rickey E, 100 Ivanhill Rd, Toledo, $75,000, (5/22) Friesner Karl Iii & Nancy to Chase Manhattan Bank USA Na, 5001 South Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Billings Scott to Geren Tanya L, 340 S Reynolds Rd, Toledo, $3,000, (5/23) JPMorgan Chase Bank National Association to Secretary Of Veterans Affairs, 1240 Nela Pkwy, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Dreier Timothy to Dreier Gary P, 3518 Hill River Dr, Toledo, $314,100, (5/24) Dussia Susan Jo to Gibson Charles H Iv, 6105 Nebraska Ave, Toledo, $29,000, (5/24) Grover Brandi J & Daniel S to Klocinski Denise M, 1037 Bedford Woods Dr, Toledo, $112,500, (5/24) Kim Saemter Etal to Off Michael W, 5666 Firethorne Dr, Toledo, $107,000, (5/24) Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc) to Shepherd Elvis & Patricia (orsurvtc), 335 Hargrave Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Jp & Rkp to Toledo Transformation LLC An Ohio, 4321 Shawn Ter, Toledo, $35,000, (5/24) Johnson Edith J to Arrington Raymond D Etal Or Survtc, 5607 W Bancroft St, Toledo, $85,000, (5/25) Eble Denis R & Carole A to Eble Denis R & Carole A, 5435 Westcastle Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Dewitt William E & Stephanie C to Hoertz Andrew S Etal, 857 Cuba St, Toledo, $112,000, (5/25) Mancy Gus & Jennifer to Mancy Gus J & Jennifer L, 5065 Highpoint Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Coldwell James R Tr to Marks Patricia Co Suc Tr Etal, 1611 Saddlebrook Ct, Toledo, $0, (5/25) James Erica to Runkle Douglas J, 6133 Foxcroft Rd, Toledo, $133,500, (5/25) Danberry Real Estate Coan Ohio Corp to Savage Darius B, 5707 Windgate Dr, Toledo, $100,000, (5/25) Smith Mable to Smith Mable, 325 Torrington Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) 2234 N Reynolds LLC An Ohio LLC to Sturdivant Tyrone & Gloria J Or Survtc, 2234 N Reynolds Rd, Toledo, $45,000, (5/25) Zafar Saleem Shahzad to Zafar Saba Trustee, 19 Stableside , Toledo, $0, (5/25) Zafar Saleem Shahzad to Zafar Saba Trustee, 20 Stableside , Toledo, $0, (5/25) Fannie Mae to Joanas LLC An Oh LLC, 5003 Ancil Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Borregard Deborah E to Judson Julie A, 5001 South Ave, Toledo, $24,000, (5/26) U S Bank N A As Trustee to Perry Debra L Etal, 5118 Newhart Cir, Toledo, $36,874, (5/26) U S Bank N A As Trustee to Perry Debra L Etal, 5120 Newhart Cir, Toledo, $36,874, (5/26) Jeg Property Investors LLC An Ohio Limit to Walker Gregory D Trustee Of The, 4933 Cranston Dr, Toledo, $210,000, (5/26) 43616 Commercial Nietz Connie C & Gerald G to 2467 Woodville LLC, 2467 Woodville Rd, Oregon, $0, (5/25) Residential Shifley Daniel G to Carr Justin W Etal, 2907 Iroquois Dr, Oregon, $139,600, (5/23) M2p3t LLC to Dingess Jessica Lynn, 180 Ponderosa Dr, Oregon, $148,000, (5/23) Jdd New Choice Estates LTD to Hughes Lindsey M Etal, 1927 Oakdale Ave, Oregon, $112,500, (5/23) Bulone Vincenzo A to Smith Shawn S, 3316 Cromwell Dr, Oregon, $127,500, (5/23) Hayes Tiffany E Etal to Heitzman Kevin D & Krysta L Orsurvtc, 36 S Stadium Rd, Oregon, $149,900, (5/24) Tripp Alton E & Carol D, Trustees to Tripp Carol D Trustees, 1219 Oaktree Ct, Oregon, $0, (5/24) Smith Patrick E to Greater Metropolitan Title Inc An, 2500 Granton Pl, Oregon, $76,824, (5/25) Morris Pete & Alfreda (orsurvtc) to Morris Pete & Alfreda (orsurvtc), 0 Wheeling St, Oregon, $0, (5/25) Holt Donald A to Petty Bobby J & Jill R (orsurvtc), 2019 Arkansas St, Oregon, $54,000, (5/25) Oswald David J to Zarbock Aaron J, 531 Ansonia St, Oregon, $123,500, (5/26) 43617 Commercial Kit Richland Properties LTD An Ohio LLC to Kit Richland Properties LTD An Ohio LLC, 5842 W Central Ave, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Exempt Congregation Chabad-houselubavitch Of Gr to Congregation Chabadhouselubavitch Of Gr, 2728 N King Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Residential Chang Amy to Chang Amy, 6827 Cloister Ct, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Parker Craig H to Parker Craig H Etal (orsurvtc), 7328 Queensbury Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Widerschein Arlene F to Widerschein Arlene F, 2936 Stoneleigh Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Hohl Jean F Trustee to Sturt Alyeska C, 6756 Carrietowne Ln, Toledo, $156,000, (5/24) Bogart Kimberly Etal to Dowdell Kimberly, 7611 King Acres Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Denman Jennifer L & Ronald I to Idris Owais M & Henna D (orsurvtc), 2344 Cheshire Woods Rd, Toledo, $207,000, (5/25) Scully Stephanie J to Iwinski Brian, 7074 Dunstans Ln, Toledo, $190,000, (5/25) McCracken Michael M & Marilyn M to Mccracken Michael M & Marilyn M, 7326 Kings Park Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Hazel Keevan W & Jennifer L to Mosher Nicholas A, 3415 Indian Trail Ln, Toledo, $154,000, (5/25) Goatley Gregory J & Lisa M Orsurvtc to Goatley Gregory J & Lisa M Trustees, 2243 Wimbledon Park Blvd, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Kincade Donald H to Kincade Donald H Trustee, 2900 Tracewood Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43620 Residential McCray Jessica M to Klbs Investments LLC An Ohio Limited, 612 Chatham Ct, Toledo, $23,000, (5/24) Ramsey Joyce M & Harry J to Ramsey Joy Aka Joy Lynn Ramsey, 2427 Robinwood Ave, Toledo, $85,000, (5/25) Saxon Products Inc An Ohcorp to Hayes Roberta L, 318 Columbia St, Toledo, $1,000, (5/26) Saxon Products Inc An Ohcorp to Hayes Roberta L, 322 Columbia St, Toledo, $1,000, (5/26) Howard Rebecca to Walton Randy A & Kendra S Or Survtc, 2272 Scottwood Ave, Toledo, $94,900, (5/26) 43623 Commercial Mercurio Developers Inc An Oh Corp to Eman Investments LLC An Ohio Limited, 6036 Renaissance Pl, Toledo, $70,000, (5/22) Hirschl Marc A to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5506 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Hirschl Marc to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5510 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Hirschl Marc to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5514 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Hirschl Marc to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5516 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Hirschl Marc to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5520 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Residential Barone Lisa Marie (trustee) to Talboo David J & Angela M (orsurvtc), 15 Corey Creek Rd, Toledo, $200,000, (5/22) Webb Doris J to Webb Robin, 4605 Harbord Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/22) Voigt William C & Josephine A to Borchardt Michael, 5621 Comet Ave, Toledo, $77,000, (5/23) O’Brien Marguerite P to Johnson Catherine M, 4637 Golf Creek Dr, Toledo, $400,000, (5/23) Krolak David J & Rochellem to Krolak David J Trustee Et Al, 5549 Rambo Ln, Toledo, $0, (5/23) Hirschl Marc A to Toledo Indoor Garden LLC An Ohio LLC, 5502 Secor Rd, Toledo, $375,000, (5/23) Yost Dennis G & Judith A to Horn Ashlee M, 3723 Wrenwood Rd, Toledo, $128,900, (5/24) Doherty James J & Cecelia M to Kelley Jeffrey D & Meranda L Orsurvtc, 4931 Skelly Rd, Toledo, $219,900, (5/24) Swartz Sandra Co-trsetal to Podbielniak Lee Ann Co-trs Etal, 3850 Darewood Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/24) Rozek Aaron R to Rivers Heather A, 4725 Harbord Dr, Toledo, $95,750, (5/24) Omey Nancy A to Omey Nancy A, 5211 Calyx Ln, Toledo, $0, (5/25) Paquette Michael L &sherrill L to Paquette Michael L &sherrill L, 4924 Turnbridge Rd, Toledo, $0, (5/26) Wright Ernest G & Bonnie L to Wright Bonnie L, 5506 Fenwick Dr, Toledo, $0, (5/26) 43624 Commercial Monroe St Ventures Inc Anohio Corporatio to Louisville Title Agency For NW Ohio Inc, 713 Monroe St, Toledo, $600,000, (5/25) Monroe St Ventures Inc Anohio Corporatio to Louisville Title Agency For NW Ohio Inc, 725 Monroe St, Toledo, $600,000, (5/25)   WOOD COUNTY May 22 – May 26, 2017 Bowling Green Residential Davis Gloria & Meredith to Davis Gloria, 929 Sunset Dr, $0, (05/23) Fairbanks Kortini J to Mayo Todd E & Teresa & Zachary, 809 Vale Ct, $122,800, (05/23) Heffernan Michael E to Kroggel Amber & Steven, 708 Champagne Ave, $205,000, (05/23) Cobb Thomas B & Danielle S to Cobb Danielle S, 856 Ferndale Ct, $0, (05/24) Barcus Adam B & Kala N to Brandeberry Jamie T & Kristi R, 3 Ranch Ct, $155,000, (05/25) Laurent Charles Matthew Jr & Lindsay Renee to Kellough Zebulun L & Shannon N, 1215 Clark St, $217,500, (05/25)  American Title Agency Inc Trustee to Stanish Mary Emily Danielle, 0 Elm St, $0, (05/26) American Title Agency Inc Trustee to Stanish Mary Emily Danielle, 0 Elm St, $0, (05/26) American Title Agency Inc Trustee to Stanish Mary Emily Danielle, 628 Elm St, $0, (05/26) Brinkman Nathan Ii & Brinkman Sylvia to Glock Steven, 1080 Carol Rd, $224,900, (05/26) Manning Wendy D & Wiegmann Daniel D to Bouzat Juan L, 965 W Wooster St, $200,000, (05/26) Nelson Conor R to Kern David Joel & Cynthia Lee, 921 Gustin Ave, $152,000, (05/26) Rao Badeti Madhusudan & Badeti Kamala to Barcus Adam B & Kala N, 734 Champagne Ave, $217,500, (05/26) Witham Theodore W & Gillian R to Newman Marion M, 307 N Grove St, $58,000, (05/26) Grand Rapids Village Residential Sabin Martin K & Sabin John F & Peabody Debra S to Sabin John F, 24024 Second St, $90,000, (05/26) Haskins Village Residential Castetter Kelly P to Diepenbruck Daron, 504 Liberty Hi Rd, $264,000, (05/25) Edwards Darrell L to Johnston Alice, 111 Mary St, $47,000, (05/26) Hoytville Village Residential Baird David E to Planet Home Lending LLC, 0 Church St, $35,919, (05/25) Baird David E to Planet Home Lending LLC, 0 Church St, $35,919, (05/25) Baird David E to Planet Home Lending LLC, 19836 Church St, $35,919, (05/25) Luckey Village Residential Eilert Richard F & Arlene A to Bockbrader Shari & Luther Julie & Redford Kelly, 340 Welling Ave, $0, (05/26) Northwood City Residential Grayczyk Joseph to Linke Brittany J, 1973 Coy Rd, $109,900, (05/22) Meach Donald Jr to Meach Donald Jr, 4003 Wise St, $0, (05/22) Guerra Brenda G to Soria Julie A, 0 Harding Ave, $66,700, (05/23) Guerra Brenda G to Soria Julie A, 327 Harding Ave, $66,700, (05/23) Moore Margaret E to Spillis Keitha R, 219 Andrus Rd, $0, (05/23) Berns Janice M to Kanavel David R & Brenda K, 4949 Curtice Rd, $175,000, (05/24) Cianciola Frank & Susan to Davis Brian C, 827 Elk Ridge Dr, $260,500, (05/24) Warner Ruth Esther & Neal to Warner Ruth Esther, 0 Sheffield Pl, $0, (05/24) Warner Ruth Esther & Neal to Warner Ruth Esther, 2111 Sheffield Pl, $0, (05/24) Cornell Michael A & Connie M to Kamelesky Christopher J & Rachel M, 2523 Eden East Dr, $110,000, (05/25) Lucas Paul J & Ida L Trustees to Lucas Ida L Trustee, 0 Norcross Dr, $0, (05/25) Lucas Paul J & Ida L Trustees to Lucas Ida L Trustee, 1940 Norcross Dr, $0, (05/25) Madanski Walter A to Kovacs Stephen J & Jill M, 1941 Carvelle Dr, $168,000, (05/25) Schultze Roxanne to Federal National Mortgage Association, 0 Rood St, $0, (05/25) Schultze Roxanne to Federal National Mortgage Association, 222 Rood St, $0, (05/25) Schultze Roxanne to Federal National Mortgage Association, 222 Rood St, $0, (05/25) Warner Ruth Esther to Gallaher David, 0 Sheffield Pl, $9,000, (05/25) Warner Ruth Esther to Gallaher David, 2111 Sheffield Pl, $9,000, (05/25) Pemberville Village Residential Lange Marilyn J to Hoover Diana D Trustee, 110 Perry St, $0, (05/26) Perrysburg Residential Beeley Audra & Mark J to Wood Lane Residential Properties Board Inc, 306 W South Boundary St, $165,000, (05/22) Tamlyn Todd R & Kathleen R Trustees to Tamlyn Todd R & Kathleen R, 14580 Deerwood Ct, $0, (05/22) Findling John C & Gadberry Lindsay E to Meurs Rick & Kristen, 1729 Eaglecrest Rd, $237,000, (05/23) Graber Michael E & Christine R to Reinhart Jeremy P & Elizabeth Bree, 1066 Mulberry St, $182,781, (05/23) Krawczyk Karina Anne to Bergfeld Matthew & Jacquelyn, 3559 River Ridge Wy, $430,000, (05/23) Louisville Title Agency For NW Ohio Inc As Trustee to Saba Home Builders At Hawthorne LLC, 103 Taylors Mill Circle, $58,000, (05/23) McNulty Michele R to Wise Robert J, 645 Hunters Run, $0, (05/23) Roberts Lynda Rae to Reynolds Samantha, 11748 Kingsgate Ct, $131,500, (05/23) Roberts Thomas J & Lynda Rae to Roberts Lynda Rae, 11748 Kingsgate Ct, $0, (05/23) Tamlyn Todd R & Kathleen R to Tamlyn Todd R & Kathleen R Co Trustees, 14580 Deerwood Ct, $0, (05/24) Walcher Jerome C Ii & Patricia L to Trimen Enterprise LLC, 308 E Boundary St, $110,101, (05/24) Lewis Jeffrey D & Renee L to Lewis Renee L, 1258 Tricia Ct, $0, (05/25) Parker Brandon L to Lucas Kristen S, 543 Rutledge Ct, $260,000, (05/25) Bombard Jason F & Tatyana G to McElfresh Kevin & Lori, 1207 Sandy Glen Rd, $325,000, (05/26) Huls Kevin P & Joni L to Sankiewicz David M & Megan R, 1814 Lexington Dr, $170,000, (05/26) Olmstead James E & Shirley A to Olmstead Shirley A, 550 Oak Knoll Dr, $0, (05/26) Speedling Edward & Dedra to Feldkamp Michael J & Feldkamp Laura L, 4905 Prestonwood Rd, $350,000, (05/26) Tariq Mohammad & Zahida to Skilliter Benjamin T & Christine M, 1613 Ridge Cross Rd, $256,000, (05/26) Torelli Andrew T & Mackenzie C to Holmes Kyle Clarke & Laura, 11731 Kingsgate Ct, $167,000, (05/26) Rising Sun Village Residential Krotzer Charles G & Linda M to Bank Of New York Mellon, 307 Walnut St, $50,600, (05/25) Rossford City Commercial Harmon Land Development LLC to Harmon Land Development LLC, 0 Harmon Pkwy, $0, (05/25) Harmon Land Development LLC to Harmon Land Development LLC, 0 Harmon Pkwy, $0, (05/25) Residential Limon Victor H to Pierce Lonnie C, 0 Glenwood Rd, $108,000, (05/22) Limon Victor H to Pierce Lonnie C, 109 Glenwood Rd, $108,000, (05/22) Harmon Land Development LLC to American Wholesale Florists Of Toledo Inc, 0 Harmon Pkwy, $60,000, (05/25) Unincorporated Agricultural to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Cygnet Rd, $0, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Cygnet Rd, $0, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Cygnet Rd, $0, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert  &Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Cygnet Rd, $0, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Cygnet Rd, $760,000, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Stoller Pamela S Trustee & Stoller Todd A Trustee, 0 Cygnet Rd, $760,000, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Potter Rd, $0, (05/22) Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn to Greiner Sue Ann & Jerry Robert & Hawkins Peggy Lynn, 0 Wingston Rd, $0, (05/22) Krukemyer Dean J Trustee & Krukemyer Dorothea E @2 to Krukemyer Dean J Trustee 1/2 & Krukemyer Dorothea E 1/2, 7766 W Bowling Green Rd, $413,720, (05/22) Rothenbuhler Shirley M to Sarver Zachary Tyler, 0 Devils Hole Rd, $0, (05/22) Rothenbuhler Shirley M to Rothenbuhler Shirley M, 5395 Devils Hole Rd, $0, (05/22) Shelton Pamela Marie Trustee @ 3 to Krukemyer Dean J Trustee & Krukemyer Dorothea E @2, 7766 W Bowling Green Rd, $413,720, (05/22) Lane Mark Dalton & Ann Marie to Lane Ann M, 19901 Pemberville Rd, $0, (05/23) Minning Farms LLC to Minning Farms LLC, 0 Lemoyne Rd, $0, (05/23) Minning Farms LLC to Minning Farms LLC, 26704 Lemoyne Rd, $0, (05/23) Sanders Patricia A to Pickerel Brian L & Denise, 0 Mccutcheonville Rd, $0, (05/23) Sanders Patricia A to Sanders Patricia A, 0 McCutcheonville Rd, $0, (05/23) Rosebrook Edward H Tr @(2) to Rosebrook Edward H Tr @(2), 0 Deshler Rd, $211,746, (05/24) to State Of Ohio Department Of Transportation, 0 Rier Rd, $0, (05/25) to State Of Ohio Department Of Transportation, 0 River Rd, $0, (05/25) Petersen Kenneth P & Barbara E to Petersen Barbara E, 0 Milton Rd, $0, (05/25) Petersen Kenneth P & Barbara E to Petersen Barbara E, 0 Milton Rd, $0, (05/25) Petersen Kenneth P & Barbara E to Petersen Barbara E, 0 Milton Rd, $0, (05/25) Petersen Kenneth P & Barbara E to Petersen Barbara E, 0 Milton Rd, $0, (05/25) Wenig Betty J & Wenig Betty J Le @ 4 to Wenig Betty J & Wenig Betty J Le @ 4, 0 W River Rd, $0, (05/25) Wenig Betty J & Wenig Betty J Le @ 4 to Wenig Betty J & Wenig Betty J Le @ 4, 23924 W River Rd, $0, (05/25) Deffenbaugh A Lee & Sally J Trustees to Adler James R & Denise K, 0 Bays Rd, $322,245, (05/26) Snyder Helen M & Lyle F Trustees & Goodman Carolyn & Daniel E to Snyder Helen M Trustee & Goodman Carolyn & Daniel E, Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Snyder Helen M Trustee & Goodman Carolyn & Daniel E to Williams Debbie J & Goodman Carolyn & Daniel E, Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Commercial Haas Clarence A to Haas Clarence A & Maxine C, 0 Fremont Pike, $0, (05/26) Haas Clarence A to Haas Clarence A & Maxine C, 5814 Fremont Pike, $0, (05/26) Residential to Bateson Scott W & Dana D, 3530 Cloverdale Rd, $0, (05/22) Bateson Scott W & Dana D to Bateson Scott W & Dana D, 3530 Cloverdale Rd, $0, (05/22) Duntley Madeline to Glazener Ryan W & Meredith M, 14611 Thistledown Ln, $230,900, (05/22) Flickinger Ralph & Wanda M to Flickinger Ralph, 1903 Mathews Rd, $0, (05/22) Feldkamp Michael J & Laura L to Tabernero Angela R & Tabernero Emelio Jr, 26639 Woodmont Dr, $237,000, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 Apex Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 Apex Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 Apex Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 High View Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 High View Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 High View Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 0 High View Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Goda Richard C, 0 High View Ln, $0, (05/23) Goda Richard C to Cmw Houses LLC, 25777 Apex Ln, $51,152, (05/23) Krishnan Josh to Bailey Robert E & Minda K, 9888 Connor Lake Cir, $150,000, (05/23) Louisville Title Agency For NW Ohio Inc As Trustee to Smith Heather N, 15576 John F Mccarthy Way, $54,900, (05/23) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc Trustee to Buckeye Real Estate Group LLC, 0 Carronade Dr, $42,900, (05/23) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc Trustee to Buckeye Real Estate Group LLC, 0 Carronade Dr, $42,900, (05/23) Orians Cathleen M to J A Doyle Corporation, 25265 John F Mccarthy Way, $0, (05/23) Spoerl Phyllis C to Spoerl Phyllis C Trustee, 29543 Shelbourne Rd, $0, (05/23) Welling John F & Sheila to Welling John F, 0 Moline Martin Rd, $0, (05/23) Welling John F & Sheila to Welling John F, 0 Moline Martin Rd, $0, (05/23) Welling John F & Sheila to Welling John F, 4293 Moline Martin Rd, $0, (05/23) Barry James D & Judith A to Barry Judith A, 11785 Tank Farm Rd, $0, (05/24) Golatka Christine L Trustee to Golatka Christine L Trustee, 19077 Kellogg Rd, $0, (05/24) Laubis Terry J & Jodi L to Laubis Terry J & Jodi L, 14377 Powell Rd, $0, (05/24) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc Trustee to Buckeye Real Estate Group LLC, 24981 Saddle Horn Dr, $53,900, (05/24)  Posey Nancy E to Cramer Buckley J, 26345 Emerald Lakes Dr, $150,000, (05/24) Shiffert Gina M Trustee to Danyi Nicholas F & Kelly C, 29335 Belmont Lake Rd, $155,000, (05/24) Lashaway John L & Judith L to Johnson Nathan, 0 Euler Rd, $130,000, (05/25) Lashaway John L & Judith L to Johnson Nathan, 20117 Euler Rd, $130,000, (05/25) Midland Agency Of Northwest Ohio Inc Trustee to Buckeye Real Estate Group LLC, 24986 Saddle Horn Dr, $50,900, (05/25) Noble Jeffrey E & Marilyn S to Rutter Bruce A, 12235 Mccutcheonville Rd, $195,000, (05/25) Noble Jeffrey E & Marilyn S to Rutter Bruce A, 12235 Mccutcheonville Rd, $195,000, (05/25) Petersen Kenneth P & Barbara E. to Petersen Barbara E, 4027 Milton Rd, $0, (05/25) Rutter Bruce A to Rutter Bruce A & Kutzli Catherine Marie, 12235 Mccutcheonville Rd, $0, (05/25) Rutter Bruce A to Rutter Bruce A & Kutzli Catherine Marie, 12235 Mccutcheonville Rd, $0, (05/25) Searfoss Robert E Iii to Hakeos Ryan D, 14400 Georgetown Dr, $145,000, (05/25) Suter Shirlee A to Applegate Steven W & Constance R, 89 E Back Bay Rd, $379,900, (05/25) Dela-hamaide Perry L & Sharon K to Vail Zachary A & Vail Emily A, 9562 Millcroft Rd, $179,900, (05/26) Great Lakes Ford Inc to P&j Thayer Family Limited Partnership, 0 N Dixie Hwy, $0, (05/26) Great Lakes Ford Inc to P&j Thayer Family Limited Partnership, 0 N Dixie Hwy, $0, (05/26) Grey Kenneth W & Cindy L to Druhot Todd & Morgan, 24858 Lake Meadows Dr, $315,000, (05/26) Helen M Trustee to Williams Debbie J, 8179 Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Mason Leonard V Iii & Viola to Mason Leonard V Iii & Viola Co Trustees, 5606 Keller Rd, $0, (05/26) Nollenberger-rice V M Trustee to Cousino Courtnay S, 0 E River Rd, $339,000, (05/26) Nollenberger-rice V M Trustee to Cousino Courtnay S, 28720 E River Rd, $339,000, (05/26) Ruiz Vicente J to Ruiz Vicente J & Lindsey S, 14574 Belmont Ct, $0, (05/26) Snyder Helen M Trustee to Williams Debbie J, 0 Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Snyder Lyle F & Helen M Trustees to Snyder Helen M Trustee, 0 Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Snyder Lyle F & Helen M Trustees to Helen M Trustee, 8179 Latcha Rd, $0, (05/26) Toone Jeffrey M & Heather R to Oaks Thomas J & Kochendorfer Laura A, 7170 Twin Lakes Rd, $200,000, (05/26) Wells Fargo Bank Na to Watkins Matthew, 1708 Pelton Rd, $30,000, (05/26) Wells Fargo Bank National Association As Trustee to Strayer Robert V & Janet S, 10271 Dowling Rd, $56,700, (05/26) Wilmington Savings Fund Society Fsb to Brougham Reo Owner Lp, 30102 Tracy Rd, $78,877, (05/26) Wilmington Savings Fund Society Fsb to Brougham Reo Owner Lp, 30102 Tracy Rd, $78,877, (05/26) Wilmington Savings Fund Society Fsb to Brougham Reo Owner Lp, 30102 Tracy Rd, $78,877, (05/26) Wilmington Savings Fund Society Fsb to Brougham Reo Owner Lp, 30102 Tracy Rd, $78,877, (05/26) Walbridge Village Commercial Marinelli Clara M @(3) to Weiher Joseph P & Weiher Laurie A, 30733 Drouillard Rd, $0, (05/25) Residential Gibson Carolyn S & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S, 0 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Gibson Carolyn S & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S, 104 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Gibson Carolyn S & Scott J Succ Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee, 0 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Gibson Carolyn S & Scott J Succ Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee, 104 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Gibson Jerry F Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S & Scott J Succ Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee, 0 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Gibson Jerry F Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee to Gibson Carolyn S & Scott J Succ Trustee & Gibson Carolyn S Trustee, 104 W Rehton Pw, $0, (05/25) Monto Keith A & Janet A to Monto Janet A, 120 Clayton St, $0, (05/25) Wayne Village Residential Secretary Of Housing And Urban Development to Rausch Dustin L & Kari N, 0 Center St, $70,500, (05/26) Secretary Of Housing And Urban Development to Rausch Dustin L & Kari N, 404 Center St, $70,500, (05/26) Weston Village Commercial Grand Weston Properties Limited to Amborski Joyce J, 13187 Main St, $10,000, (05/25) Grand Weston Properties Limited to Grand Weston Properties Limited, 13187 Main St, $0, (05/25) Residential Kovacs Sandra K to Pennymac Loan Services LLC, 20405 Brown Ln, $84,000, (05/23) Related Items real estate transfers , real estate , wood county , lucas county Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mercadolibre Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Simmons Bank Has $95.91 Million Position in Simmons First National Co. (SFNC) Simmons Bank Holds Position in Jack Henry & Associates, Inc. (JKHY) Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Sells 16,706 Shares of Wabash National Co. (WNC) Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Boosts Stake in Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc (SBGI) Rothschild Asset Management Inc. Increases Position in Energen Co. (EGN) American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Has $245,000 Stake in Telefonica SA (TEF) YPF SA (YPF) Shares Sold by American Trust Investment Advisors LLC American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Has $582,000 Stake in Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 380 Shares of AerCap Holdings (AER) TCW Group Inc. Buys New Stake in Visteon Corp (VC) TCW Group Inc. Buys New Position in Gartner Inc (IT) TCW Group Inc. Boosts Position in New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Shares Bought by TCW Group Inc. Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Shares Bought by TCW Group Inc. Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by TCW Group Inc. Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Unlikely to Affect Hawkins (HWKN) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Impact Pinnacle Financial Partners (PNFP) Stock Price Diodes (DIOD) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Eaton Vance Michigan Municipal Bond Fund (MIW) Plans Monthly Dividend of $0.05 Heritage Financial Corp (HFWA) Rating Reiterated by Keefe, Bruyette & Woods American Trust Investment Advisors LLC Has $582,000 Stake in Mercadolibre Inc (MELI) June 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet American Trust Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) by 10.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 2,750 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 260 shares during the period. American Trust Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Mercadolibre were worth $582,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also made changes to their positions in MELI. Van ECK Associates Corp acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter worth about $107,000. Livforsakringsbolaget Skandia Omsesidigt acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the first quarter worth about $169,000. Investec Asset Management LTD acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the fourth quarter worth about $173,000. Mitchell Capital Management Co. acquired a new stake in shares of Mercadolibre during the first quarter worth about $205,000. Finally, Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. raised its stake in shares of Mercadolibre by 3.0% in the first quarter. Mn Services Vermogensbeheer B.V. now owns 1,060 shares of the company’s stock worth $210,000 after buying an additional 31 shares during the last quarter. 76.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI) traded down 0.01% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $280.37. The company had a trading volume of 342,530 shares. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $257.68 and its 200-day moving average price is $203.30. Mercadolibre Inc has a 52-week low of $126.10 and a 52-week high of $297.95. The company has a market capitalization of $12.38 billion, a PE ratio of 80.06 and a beta of 2.17. Mercadolibre (NASDAQ:MELI) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $1.10 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.78 by $0.32. Mercadolibre had a net margin of 16.13% and a return on equity of 38.86%. The business had revenue of $273.90 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $247.85 million. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.68 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 73.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Mercadolibre Inc will post $4.74 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, July 17th. Investors of record on Friday, June 30th will be given a $0.15 dividend. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.21%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, June 28th. Mercadolibre’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 21.43%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this report can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/06/02/american-trust-investment-advisors-llc-has-582000-stake-in-mercadolibre-inc-meli.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on MELI. Bank of America Corp lifted their target price on Mercadolibre from $300.00 to $330.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 25th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Mercadolibre from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $296.24 to $300.00 in a research report on Tuesday, May 16th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $275.00 target price (up from $213.00) on shares of Mercadolibre in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on Mercadolibre from $185.00 to $220.00 and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Barclays PLC began coverage on Mercadolibre in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. They set an “overweight” rating and a $250.00 target price on the stock. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Mercadolibre presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $238.75. In related news, VP Stelleo Tolda sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $211.00, for a total value of $422,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 0.36% of the company’s stock. Mercadolibre Company Profile MercadoLibre, Inc is an e-commerce company. The Company enables commerce through its marketplace platform in Latin America, which is designed to provide users with a portfolio of services to facilitate commercial transactions. Its geographic segments are Brazil, Argentina, Mexico Venezuela and Other Countries (which includes Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Panama, Peru, Portugal, Guatemala, Bolivia, Paraguay, Uruguay and the United States of America). Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MELI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mercadolibre Inc (NASDAQ:MELI). Receive News & Ratings for Mercadolibre Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mercadolibre Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News World Leaders Very Critical of Paris Agreement Decision by Trump Aide to President Trump Resigns With More Expected Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
