WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Emerging Markets EM Debt Lures Income Hunters Income hunters overcame postelection worries to become big buyers. Returns as high as 7% were possible. By Dimitra DeFotis Biography April 1, 2017 Emerging Markets The opening quarter of 2017 was a pleasant surprise to emerging-market bond investors. Following a late 2016 nosedive after Donald Trump’s election, dollar-denominated emerging-market debt provided a total return of about... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It 5 Things You Must Know Before the Market Opens Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet Compare All Subscription Services DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today The Five Banks Taking On the Biggest IPO in History Anders Keitz Mar 31, 2017 4:55 PM EDT Saudi Aramco is gearing up to be the biggest IPO in history. Now we are learning more about the banks that could be raking in mega-fees for taking the company public. Reuters is reporting Aramco is lining up JPMorgan Chase (JPM) , Morgan Stanley (MS) , HSBC (HSBC) , Moelis (MC) and Evercore (EVR) as advisers. Saudi Aramco recently added HSBC as a lead underwriter because of its strong ties to China. Last month, the company announced that JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley would also be lead underwriters on the IPO. It would make sense for JPMorgan to play a major role. Aramco's Chairman Khalid Al-Falih has been a member of the bank's International Council since 2010. Before that, former Chief Executive Abdallah Saleh Jum'ah served on the council until 2009. Former Chevron (CVX) CEO David O'Reilly had brief stints at both JPMorgan and Aramco. And, former Exxon Mobil (XOM) CEO Lee Raymond sits on JPMorgan's board giving the bank an officer with oil and gas expertise. We know Saudi Aramco shares will trade on the Tadawul, Saudi Arabia's stock exchange. The company has not yet announced a foreign exchange but, TheStreet has learned Aramco is in advanced talks with the New York Stock Exchange. Employees of TheStreet are restricted from trading individual securities. If you liked this article you might like How Amazon, Microsoft, Google and IBM Battle for Dominance in the Cloud Amazon Web Services is in a league of its own but capable rivals are vying for a bigger share of the cloud. Chris Nolter Mar 31, 2017 2:29 PM EDT Saudi Aramco's IPO Financial Advisers Have Deep Ties to Kingdom, Industry A deeper look at the boards of the banks offers insight into why Saudi Aramco tapped them for what is expected to be the world's largest IPO. Anders Keitz Mar 30, 2017 8:30 PM EDT Dow Climbs on Financials' Rebound as Nasdaq Hits New Record Close The Dow Jones Industrial Average shakes off recent weakness to post modest gains as financial stocks stage a slight rebound. Keris Alison Lahiff Mar 30, 2017 8:30 PM EDT Trending Under Armour Just Released $300 Sneakers That May Be Its Coolest Looking Ones Ever Go Inside This Monstrous Six-Ton Ford Dump Truck You Don't Need a Special License to Drive This Sears Executive Didn't Earn a Ton of Money for Landing the Worst Job in Corporate America Retirement Planning Is Your Biggest and Scariest Financial Resolution for 2017 The 5 Best-Performing Tech Stocks of 2017's First Quarter Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Turkey world middle east europe americas africa asia - pacific economy politics sports health infographics photo video video gallery multimedia other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal anadolu post anadolu post news academy election 2015 Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Anadolu Agency English Turkey 21 FETO media network suspects held in new probe Features archive Goldman, JPMorgan see expanding Turkish economy Features archive Turkey has the right to defend itself: NATO chief Features archive Incirlik remains best option for German troops: Analyst Features archive Extreme-right is fueling Islamophobia: EU minister Features archive world middle east Over 60 pct of Syrian soil controlled by terrorists Features archive US no longer insisting Assad must leave Features archive Syria talks in Geneva end with 'serious challenges' Features archive Syrian opposition negotiator talks to Anadolu Agency Features archive europe Syria talks in Geneva end with 'serious challenges' Features archive Incirlik remains best option for German troops: Analyst Features archive Extreme-right is fueling Islamophobia: EU minister Features archive London calls N. Ireland parties for 'intensive talks' Features archive americas US' Tillerson: NATO allies must boost defense spending Features archive Comcast, AT&T will not sell US customers’ data Features archive Trump directs agencies to examine trade abuses Features archive Moreno set to win Ecuador’s presidency Features archive africa Zambia: 384 kg of illegal ivory seized, poachers nabbed Features archive UN reports 23 mass graves in Dem. Republic of Congo Features archive Popular S.African group calls for Zuma’s resignation Features archive Kenyan court blocks state move to hire foreign doctors Features archive asia - pacific Myanmar goes to polls for by-elections Features archive India's Gujarat state OKs life in jail for killing cows Features archive Philippine union slams Duterte for ‘attack’ on media Features archive 10 leftist rebels, 2 Philippine troops dead in clash Features archive economy Goldman, JPMorgan see expanding Turkish economy Features archive Turkey's Borsa Istanbul down at close Features archive Turkey's 2016 growth rate higher than forecasts Features archive Turkey's Borsa Istanbul flat at opening session Features archive Wall Street closes higher with oil rise, strong growth Features archive politics Myanmar goes to polls for by-elections Features archive Europe looks ahead to 'damage control' Brexit talks Features archive 'Ultra-nationalism' fraying EU-Turkey ties Features archive Philippine union slams Duterte for ‘attack’ on media Features archive Military playing ‘cunning’ game in Myanmar Features archive sports North Korean athletes to arrive for rare visit south Features archive Turkish Airlines to sponsor US football side Features archive Galatasaray expels ex-players over alleged terror ties Features archive Turkish min. slams football club on FETO-linked members Features archive Football: Turkey earns comfortable 2-0 win over Finland Features archive health African states develop harmonized disease surveillance Features archive India: Meat sellers on strike in Uttar Pradesh Features archive Qatar reports 1st coronavirus infection this year Features archive UK smokers braced for tobacco restrictions Features archive Yellow fever kills at least 137 people in Brazil Features archive infographics photo Photos of the week (March 27 - April 2) Thousands take part in 5th annual Palestine Marathon 5th Palestine Marathon The Village of Replica Gun Manufacturers in Pakistan Chicago Bulls vs Cleveland Cavaliers video video gallery Today in 60 seconds (March 31) At least 22 killed in explosion in NW Pakistan Palestinian demonstrators clash with Israeli forces in Nablus Aftermath of Turkish army-backed FSA enters center of Syria’s Al-Bab multimedia Anadolu Post: Your source for trusted news FETO Exposed: Mithat Aynacı July 15 coup protester martyred 'for the sake of the homeland' FETO Exposed: Adil oksuz other corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy anadolu post anadolu post select language Türkçe English BHS Pусский French العربية Kurdî کوردی Shqip فارسی македонски Goldman, JPMorgan see expanding Turkish economy Consumption growth, exports recovery cited in revised outlook for 2017 home > Turkey, world, economy 31.03.2017 Features archive related news Incirlik remains best option for German troops: Analyst Turkey's Borsa Istanbul down at close 'Ultra-nationalism' fraying EU-Turkey ties Threats against Turkey remain, defense minister says Turkey's 2016 growth rate higher than forecasts By Ovunc Kutlu NEW YORK  Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase revised up 2017 growth estimates for the Turkish economy, the banking giants announced Friday. Goldman Sachs expects the economy to grow 2.3 percent, while JPMorgan Chase estimates a 2.6 percent expansion. The banks previously projected 1.8 percent growth. The decision comes after the Turkish Statistical Institute released GDP figures earlier Friday that showed a 3.5 percent increase in the fourth quarter and 2.9 percent in 2016. "Turkish GDP growth rebounded strongly ... exceeding both our and consensus expectations," Goldman said in a note. The bank said the growth in consumption was a surprise and the strongest recovery was in exports. "We had forecast that recent political events, political uncertainty and the depreciation of the Turkish lira would limit consumption,” it said. Consumption increased 5.7 percent in the fourth quarter after contracting 1.7 percent in previous quarter. Similarly, after exports shrunk 1.9 percent and 9.3 percent in the second and third quarter, respectively, they expanded 2.3 percent in fourth quarter. "We expect exports to be a key driver of growth in the coming quarters," Goldman said. JPMorgan Chase said the recent growth figures, despite political uncertainty, are positive for the economy that can perform even better after the April 16 referendum on constitutional changes. London-based Capital Economics, an independent research company, also revised up Turkey's growth projection from 1.8 percent to 2.5 percent for 2017. "Growth in consumer spending and fixed investment was faster than previously estimated in the preceding quarters," it said in a note. The firm expects the economy to grow 2.5 percent next year, too. Anadolu Agency website contains only a portion of the news stories offered to subscribers in the AA News Broadcasting System (HAS), and in summarized form. Please contact us for subscription options. Facebook Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Related Galleries today's headlines 09 : 40 politics Myanmar goes to polls for by-elections 20 : 20 Turkey Indictment filed against Akinci base FETO suspects 12 : 55 Turkey Threats against Turkey remain, defense minister says 10 : 40 world At least 22 killed in explosion in NW Pakistan 09 : 52 world Drought-hit Somalia reels under drop in US remittances analysis news ANALYSIS - Cameroon’s Anglophones call for secession or federalism 'Ultra-nationalism' fraying EU-Turkey ties US-Europe defense relations under Trump OPINION: Iran’s perennial reformist-conservative fracas US-Turkey relations during Tillerson’s honeymoon Goldman, JPMorgan see expanding Turkish economy 1 / 1 Goldman, JPMorgan see expanding Turkish economy analysis news corporate news education culture and art life science-technology photo video up corporate history editorial guideliness social media policies ethics commission executive team domestic offices international offices media center contact quality management announcement service sponsorship human resources subscription requests corporate news finance terminal anadolu images energy terminal news academy election 2015 mobile services iPhone application iPad application Android application Windows application © Anadolu Agency 2017
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 3:00 A.M. ET Every time you buy this glittering bottle of $59 bubbly, 15 starving children get meals 12:01 A.M. ET 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 12:01 A.M. ET Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 3/31 Updated The Moneyologist: Do I now have to tip at fancy fast-food burger restaurants too? 3/31 Updated Dow’s 4,400-point rally in a year and a half has Wall Street debating the stock market’s next move 3/31 Updated This scam plays the ultimate confidence trick on unsuspecting bank customers 3/31 Updated President Trump’s perfect storm — in one (scary) chart 3/31 Updated Lower house prices lead to higher student loan default rates 3/31 Updated Scientists discovered these two colors make office workers more alert and productive 3/31 Mike Flynn: Seeking Immunity From What? 3/31 Updated You can help Big Papi plan his retirement 3/31 Updated The expensive risk lurking in nearly every medical experience you have 3/31 Mylan stock slumps 1.3% after company says voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens 3/31 Updated The massive shift coming in world population, captured in one animation 3/31 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 3/31 Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' 3/31 Why You Should Get Life Insurance 3/31 Trade-show operator Emerald Expositions files for IPO 3/31 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 3/31 Don’t worry Jack Bogle, investors aren’t overtrading ETFs, data show Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release SLM Corporation Prices Public Offering of Senior Notes By Published: Mar 31, 2017 3:45 p.m. ET Share NEWARK, Del., Mar 31, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Sallie Mae SLM, -1.71% formally SLM Corporation, today announced that it priced its public offering of $200 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125 percent Senior Notes due April 5, 2022 at par. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers. The notes are expected to be issued on April 5, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. SLM intends to use the net proceeds to redeem its outstanding 6.97 percent Series A preferred stock and for general corporate purposes. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. A copy may be obtained by contacting one of the following: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Ave New York, NY 10179 1-212-834-4533 RBC Capital Markets, LLC Three World Financial Center 200 Vesey Street, 8th floor New York, New York 10281-8098 Attention: Prospectus Department 1-866-375-6829 An effective registration statement is on file with the SEC, and a copy of the base prospectus and related prospectus supplement will also be available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Sallie Mae SLM, -1.71%  is the nation’s saving, planning, and paying for college company. Whether college is a long way off or just around the corner, Sallie Mae offers products that promote responsible personal finance, including private education loans, Upromise rewards, scholarship search, college financial planning tools, and online retail banking. Commonly known as Sallie Mae, SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America. This press release contains “forward-looking statements” and information based on management’s current expectations as of the date of this release. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the company’s beliefs, opinions or expectations and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on Feb. 24, 2017) and subsequent filings with the SEC; increases in financing costs; limits on liquidity; increases in costs associated with compliance with laws and regulations; failure to comply with consumer protection, banking and other laws; changes in accounting standards and the impact of related changes in significant accounting estimates; any adverse outcomes in any significant litigation to which the company is a party; credit risk associated with the company’s exposure to third parties, including counterparties to the company’s derivative transactions; and changes in the terms of education loans and the educational credit marketplace (including changes resulting from new laws and the implementation of existing laws). The company could also be affected by, among other things: changes in its funding costs and availability; reductions to its credit ratings; failures or breaches of its operating systems or infrastructure, including those of third-party vendors; damage to its reputation; risks associated with restructuring initiatives, including failures to successfully implement cost-cutting and restructuring initiatives and the adverse effects of such initiatives on the company's business; changes in the demand for educational financing or in financing preferences of lenders, educational institutions, students and their families; changes in law and regulations with respect to the student lending business and financial institutions generally; changes in banking rules and regulations, including increased capital requirements; increased competition from banks and other consumer lenders; the creditworthiness of its customers; changes in the general interest rate environment, including the rate relationships among relevant money-market instruments and those of its earning assets versus its funding arrangements; rates of prepayments on the loans made by the company and its subsidiaries; changes in general economic conditions and the company's ability to successfully effectuate any acquisitions; and other strategic initiatives. The preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements also requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates or assumptions may prove to be incorrect. All forward-looking statements contained in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements and are made only as of the date of this release. The company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170331005764/en/ SOURCE: Sallie Mae Sallie Mae Media: Rick Castellano, 302-451-2541 rick.castellano@salliemae.com or Investors: Brian Cronin, 302-451-0304 brian.cronin@salliemae.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Quote References SLM -0.21 -1.71% Most Popular Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author Dow’s 4,400-point rally in a year and a half has Wall Street debating the stock market’s next move My father left his home to his kids — my stepmother sold it for $1 million The Dow is about to do something it hasn't done in 10 years Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found SLM Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: SLM $12.10 -0.21 (-1.71%) Volume 3.5M Open $12.26 High $12.26 Low $12.09 P/E Ratio 22.83 Div Yield 1.77 Market Cap 5.3B SLM Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: SLM $12.10 -0.21 (-1.71%) Volume 3.5M Open $12.26 High $12.26 Low $12.09 P/E Ratio 22.83 Div Yield 1.77 Market Cap 5.3B
SLM Corporation Announces Public Offering of Senior Notes March 31, 2017 10:48 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEWARK, Del.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM), formally SLM Corporation, today announced a public offering of Senior Notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), subject to market and other customary conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC will act as joint book-running managers. SLM intends to use the net proceeds to redeem its outstanding 6.97 percent Series A preferred stock and for general corporate purposes. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. A copy may be obtained by contacting one of the following: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Ave New York, NY 10179 1-212-834-4533 RBC Capital Markets, LLC Three World Financial Center 200 Vesey Street, 8th floor New York, New York 10281-8098 Attention: Prospectus Department 1-866-375-6829 An effective registration statement is on file with the SEC, and a copy of the base prospectus and related prospectus supplement will also be available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM) is the nation’s saving, planning, and paying for college company. Whether college is a long way off or just around the corner, Sallie Mae offers products that promote responsible personal finance, including private education loans, Upromise rewards, scholarship search, college financial planning tools, and online retail banking. Commonly known as Sallie Mae, SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America. This press release contains “forward-looking statements” and information based on management’s current expectations as of the date of this release. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the company’s beliefs, opinions or expectations and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on Feb. 24, 2017) and subsequent filings with the SEC; increases in financing costs; limits on liquidity; increases in costs associated with compliance with laws and regulations; failure to comply with consumer protection, banking and other laws; changes in accounting standards and the impact of related changes in significant accounting estimates; any adverse outcomes in any significant litigation to which the company is a party; credit risk associated with the company’s exposure to third parties, including counterparties to the company’s derivative transactions; and changes in the terms of education loans and the educational credit marketplace (including changes resulting from new laws and the implementation of existing laws). The company could also be affected by, among other things: changes in its funding costs and availability; reductions to its credit ratings; failures or breaches of its operating systems or infrastructure, including those of third-party vendors; damage to its reputation; risks associated with restructuring initiatives, including failures to successfully implement cost-cutting and restructuring initiatives and the adverse effects of such initiatives on the company's business; changes in the demand for educational financing or in financing preferences of lenders, educational institutions, students and their families; changes in law and regulations with respect to the student lending business and financial institutions generally; changes in banking rules and regulations, including increased capital requirements; increased competition from banks and other consumer lenders; the creditworthiness of its customers; changes in the general interest rate environment, including the rate relationships among relevant money-market instruments and those of its earning assets versus its funding arrangements; rates of prepayments on the loans made by the company and its subsidiaries; changes in general economic conditions and the company's ability to successfully effectuate any acquisitions; and other strategic initiatives. The preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements also requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates or assumptions may prove to be incorrect. All forward-looking statements contained in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements and are made only as of the date of this release. The company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations. Contacts Sallie Mae Media: Rick Castellano, 302-451-2541 rick.castellano@salliemae.com or Investors: Brian Cronin, 302-451-0304 brian.cronin@salliemae.com Release Summary Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM), formally SLM Corporation, today announced a public offering of Senior Notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the SEC. Contacts Sallie Mae Media: Rick Castellano, 302-451-2541 rick.castellano@salliemae.com or Investors: Brian Cronin, 302-451-0304 brian.cronin@salliemae.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital & Counties Properties PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital & Counties Properties PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) to Buy Lancaster Colony Corp. (LANC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers LSI Industries, Inc. (LYTS) to Hold JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) Insider Selling: Atara Biotherapeutics Inc (ATRA) CEO Sells $320,960.00 in Stock Omead Ostadan Sells 1,672 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Stock Rawleigh Hazen Ralls Sells 5,000 Shares of Tucows Inc. (TC) Stock Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Glg LLC Decreases Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by GLG Partners LP Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Position Boosted by Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Park Electrochemical Corp. (PKE) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP McDonald's Co. (MCD) Position Increased by Janus Capital Management LLC Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Maintained by Zions Bancorporation Jackpotjoy PLC (JPJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Paychex, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (PAYX) Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Sells $332,358.56 in Stock JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued on Wednesday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a GBX 75 ($0.94) target price on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would suggest a potential downside of 73.59% from the company’s previous close. CAPC has been the topic of several other reports. HSBC Holdings plc raised shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC to a “buy” rating and set a GBX 302 ($3.80) price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 23rd. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 320 ($4.02) price target on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 76 ($0.96) price target on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Peel Hunt reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 58 ($0.73) price target on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Liberum Capital reissued a “hold” rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.77) price target on shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 256.54 ($3.22). Shares of Capital & Counties Properties PLC (LON:CAPC) opened at 283.70 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is GBX 2.40 billion. Capital & Counties Properties PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 257.20 and a 1-year high of GBX 363.10. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 290.80 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 284.32. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Investors of record on Thursday, April 20th will be paid a GBX 1 ($0.01) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 20th. This represents a yield of 0.33%. This is a positive change from Capital & Counties Properties PLC’s previous dividend of $0.50. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/jpmorgan-chase-co-reiterates-overweight-rating-for-capital-counties-properties-plc-capc.html. About Capital & Counties Properties PLC Capital & Counties Properties PLC is a United Kingdom-based property company. The Company’s principal activity is the development and management of property. The Company’s segments include Covent Garden, Earls Court Properties, Venues and Other. It is organized into four divisions: Covent Garden; Earls Court Properties, which represents its interests in the Earls Court area, comprising properties held in Earls Court Partnership Limited (ECPL), Lillie Square, the Empress State Building and a range of smaller properties in the Earls Court area; Venues, which comprises the exhibitions business, including the Olympia London property assets and Maclise Road1, and Other, which comprises the discontinued activity of The Great Capital Partnership, the Company’s residual China investments, other head office companies and investments. Receive News & Ratings for Capital & Counties Properties PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital & Counties Properties PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance JPMorgan Chase & Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Lowers JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) to Buy Lancaster Colony Corp. (LANC) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers LSI Industries, Inc. (LYTS) to Hold JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Capital & Counties Properties PLC (CAPC) Insider Selling: Atara Biotherapeutics Inc (ATRA) CEO Sells $320,960.00 in Stock Omead Ostadan Sells 1,672 Shares of Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) Stock Rawleigh Hazen Ralls Sells 5,000 Shares of Tucows Inc. (TC) Stock Endeavour Capital Advisors Inc. Continues to Hold Stake in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Glg LLC Decreases Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shares Sold by GLG Partners LP Loomis Sayles & Co. L P Reduces Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Position Boosted by Freestone Capital Holdings LLC Park Electrochemical Corp. (PKE) Shares Sold by Two Sigma Investments LP McDonald's Co. (MCD) Position Increased by Janus Capital Management LLC Moloney Securities Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Schlumberger Limited. (SLB) Position Maintained by Zions Bancorporation Jackpotjoy PLC (JPJ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Tp Icap Plc (TCAP) Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Paychex, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (PAYX) Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) CFO Sells $332,358.56 in Stock Vetr Inc. Lowers JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) to Buy March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Vetr downgraded shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) from a strong-buy rating to a buy rating in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. The firm currently has $98.53 price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on the company. FBR & Co reiterated an outperform rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Buckingham Research reiterated a hold rating and set a $74.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a hold rating on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Citigroup Inc reiterated a hold rating and set a $65.00 price target on shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $96.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have issued a hold rating and eighteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of $80.20. Shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) opened at 89.03 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $317.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.38 and a beta of 1.49. JPMorgan Chase & Co. has a 12-month low of $57.05 and a 12-month high of $93.98. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $90.10 and its 200 day moving average price is $80.46. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Friday, January 13th. The financial services provider reported $1.71 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.42 by $0.29. JPMorgan Chase & Co. had a return on equity of 10.91% and a net margin of 23.45%. The firm earned $24.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.48 billion. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.68 EPS. The business’s revenue was up 2.1% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts predict that JPMorgan Chase & Co. will post $6.57 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/vetr-inc-lowers-jpmorgan-chase-co-jpm-to-buy.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Sunday, April 30th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of $0.50 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, April 4th. This represents a $2.00 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.25%. This is a boost from JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 31.02%. In related news, Director Daniel E. Pinto sold 40,433 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $84.15, for a total value of $3,402,436.95. Following the sale, the director now owns 246,591 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $20,750,632.65. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Douglas B. Petno sold 6,728 shares of JPMorgan Chase & Co. stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $84.16, for a total transaction of $566,228.48. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 115,938 shares in the company, valued at approximately $9,757,342.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 202,699 shares of company stock worth $17,009,515. Insiders own 0.85% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pacific Center for Financial Services bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $106,000. Northwest Quadrant Wealth Management LLC bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $125,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $125,000. Glacier Peak Capital LLC bought a new stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. during the fourth quarter worth approximately $129,000. Finally, Tortoise Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co. by 434.9% in the fourth quarter. Tortoise Investment Management LLC now owns 1,578 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $136,000 after buying an additional 1,283 shares during the period. 73.65% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Company Profile JPMorgan Chase & Co is a financial holding company. The Company is engaged in investment banking, financial services. It operates in four segments, as well as a Corporate segment. Its segments are Consumer & Community Banking, Corporate & Investment Bank, Commercial Banking and Asset Management. The Consumer & Community Banking segment offers services to consumers and businesses through bank branches, automatic teller machines (ATMs), online, mobile and telephone banking. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for JPMorgan Chase & Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Beneficial Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beneficial Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GSA Capital Partners LLP Lowers Position in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Acquires 469 Shares of Meredith Co. (MDP) Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Has $193,000 Stake in VMware, Inc. (VMW) GSA Capital Partners LLP Sells 34,422 Shares of SurModics, Inc. (SRDX) Weitz Investment Management Inc. Purchases 11,960 Shares of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Shares Sold by Davy Asset Management Ltd GSA Capital Partners LLP Invests $289,000 in Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc (CPS) VSA Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Metal Tiger PLC (MTR) Sharps Compliance Corp. (SMED) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Sportsman's Warehouse Holdings Inc (SPWH) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research New York State Teachers Retirement System Sells 1,300 Shares of Tidewater Inc. (TDW) Walt Disney Co (DIS) Shares Bought by Sand Hill Global Advisors LLC Jafra Capital Management LP Buys New Stake in Intel Co. (INTC) Bristol Advisors LLC Takes Position in Intel Co. (INTC) Chilton Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOG) Walt Disney Co (DIS) Stake Boosted by Texas Yale Capital Corp. FB Financial Corp (FBK) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Analysts Zacks: ILG Inc (ILG) Given Consensus Recommendation of “” by Brokerages Guy Gecht Sells 13,710 Shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Stock GSA Capital Partners LLP Lowers Position in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GSA Capital Partners LLP cut its stake in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BNCL) by 19.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 15,382 shares of the company’s stock after selling 3,691 shares during the period. GSA Capital Partners LLP’s holdings in Beneficial Bancorp were worth $283,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors have also modified their holdings of BNCL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Beneficial Bancorp by 2.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,980,550 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,134,000 after buying an additional 45,537 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Beneficial Bancorp during the fourth quarter valued at $3,741,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Beneficial Bancorp by 13.5% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 1,146,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $16,870,000 after buying an additional 136,614 shares in the last quarter. Rothschild Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in shares of Beneficial Bancorp during the third quarter valued at $1,986,000. Finally, Pax World Management LLC increased its stake in shares of Beneficial Bancorp by 15.1% in the third quarter. Pax World Management LLC now owns 920,886 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,546,000 after buying an additional 120,886 shares in the last quarter. 68.89% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BNCL) opened at 16.45 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $16.44 and a 200 day moving average price of $16.44. Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. has a one year low of $12.34 and a one year high of $19.00. The firm has a market cap of $1.19 billion, a P/E ratio of 48.38 and a beta of 0.52. Beneficial Bancorp (NASDAQ:BNCL) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $0.10 EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.02. Beneficial Bancorp had a net margin of 12.63% and a return on equity of 3.07%. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.06 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. will post $0.46 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “GSA Capital Partners LLP Lowers Position in Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (BNCL)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/gsa-capital-partners-llp-lowers-position-in-beneficial-bancorp-inc-bncl.html. In other news, EVP Martin F. Gallagher, Jr. sold 93,014 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $16.42, for a total value of $1,527,289.88. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 44,330 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $727,898.60. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Gerard P. Cuddy sold 162,983 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, February 7th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.35, for a total value of $2,664,772.05. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 144,343 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,360,008.05. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 585,073 shares of company stock worth $9,633,258. Corporate insiders own 3.53% of the company’s stock. Beneficial Bancorp Company Profile Beneficial Mutual Bancorp, Inc is a savings and loan holding company. The Company’s business activities are the ownership of Beneficial Bank (the Bank). The Bank has also operated under the name Beneficial Mutual Savings Bank. The Bank is a Pennsylvania chartered savings bank. It attracts deposits from the general public and uses those funds to originate a variety of loans, including commercial real estate loans, consumer loans, home equity loans, one- to four-family real estate loans, commercial business loans and construction loans. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BNCL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Beneficial Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:BNCL). Receive News & Ratings for Beneficial Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Beneficial Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Ahead of the Crowd Where in the World Are Mega-Cheap Bank Stocks? Look to Canada for prosperous banks with shares that outshine the U.S. Blame politics for the difference. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Jack Hough Biography March 30, 2017 7:39 a.m. ET Canadian banks deserve higher share prices, according to a new analysis from, well, a Canadian bank. Bias notwithstanding, the argument is well worth considering. Canada has six major banks. From largest by stock market value they are: Royal Bank of Canada (ticker: RY.Canada); Toronto-Dominion Bank TD.T 0.8658880386629078% Toronto-Dominion Bank U.S.: NYSE USD50.09 0.43 0.8658880386629078% /Date(1490994267017-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2374312 AFTER HOURS USD50.0924 0.0024 0.004791375524056698% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16213 P/E Ratio 10.370600414078675 Market Cap 123161256193.701 Dividend Yield 3.659633778160551% Rev. per Employee 516711 More quote details and news » TD.T in Your Value Your Change Short position (TD.Canada) (TD); Bank of Nova Scotia BNS.T -0.6986865506653713% Bank of Nova Scotia U.S.: NYSE USD58.57 -0.4121 -0.6986865506653713% /Date(1490994252811-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1022539 AFTER HOURS USD58.6125 0.0425 0.07256274543281543% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3000 P/E Ratio 13.044833960667276 Market Cap 72167731205.5384 Dividend Yield 3.960452097853099% Rev. per Employee 300281 More quote details and news » BNS.T in Your Value Your Change Short position (BNS.Canada); Bank of Montreal (BMO.Canada); Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce CM.T 1.0549759699917947% Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce U.S.: NYSE USD86.21 0.9 1.0549759699917947% /Date(1490994109349-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 2490460 AFTER HOURS USD86.22 0.01 0.011599582415033059% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 41507 P/E Ratio 7.318336162988116 Market Cap 45461481164.4824 Dividend Yield 4.499704376951468% Rev. per Employee 443964 More quote details and news » CM.T in Your Value Your Change Short position (CM.Canada) (CM); and National Bank of Canada (NA.Canada). Don’t confuse the last one with Canada’s monetary authority, the Bank of Canada. More From Barron’s J.C. Penney Stock Could Be in a Beauty of a Mess Here’s How Apple Shares Could Hit $200 The World’s Best CEOs: An Exclusive Barron’s List The industry is notable for its relative lack of drama. Canada didn’t have a banking crisis during the global financial bust of 2008. In fact, since 1840, Canada has had zero banking crises--not even during the Great Depression. The U.S. has had a dozen. That includes two for the U.S. since 1970; only Argentina and the Democratic Republic of the Congo have had more. Why the contrast between the U.S. and Canada? Charles Calomiris at Columbia University and Stephen Haber at Stanford tackled that complex subject in a 2013 paper, citing politics as the chief culprit. “In populist democracies, such as the United States, the regulation of banking is used as a political tool to favor some parties over others,” wrote Calomiris and Haber. “It is not that the dominant political coalition in charge of banking policy desires instability, per se, but rather, that it is willing to tolerate instability as the price for obtaining the benefits that it extracts from controlling banking regulation.” Prospects for reform, they wrote, are “bleak.” The two expanded their findings in an award-winning 2014 book, Fragile by Design. That’s the historical setup. Here’s the market backdrop: Canada’s big six have posted average stock market gains of 26% over the past year. U.S. bigs have done even better. JPMorgan Chase JPM -1.3366281028866673% JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE USD87.84 -1.19 -1.3366281028866673% /Date(1490994077044-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 16661599 AFTER HOURS USD87.84 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 326006 P/E Ratio 14.190630048465266 Market Cap 318011851792.037 Dividend Yield 2.276867030965392% Rev. per Employee 421060 More quote details and news » JPM in Your Value Your Change Short position (JPM) is up 50% and Bank of America Merrill Lynch (BAC) is 74% higher. In Canada, banks have been propelled by a lending boom amid a run-up in house prices that has some investors worried. In the U.S., bank investors are betting on falling regulation and rising interest rates. The Canadian banks trade at an average of 12 times forward earnings estimates. That’s lower than JPMorgan and BofA, at about 13 times, but it’s fairly normal compared with Canadian bank valuations since 2000. That’s where RBC Capital Markets stock strategist Matthew Barasch comes in. (RBC is a unit of Royal Bank of Canada.) On Monday, he published a report titled “What’s a Canadian Bank Worth--Why Not a Market Multiple?” That’s a bold suggestion, because the Standard & Poor’s 500 index trades at nearly 18 times forward earnings estimates, and a FactSet index of Canadian shares trades at about 17 times. Multiples like those are unheard of for big banks operating at normal levels of earnings. But there’s evidence to support them. Start with earnings stability. During the past three recessions, U.S. bank earnings have fallen by an average of 46%, and broad U.S. market earnings, by 39%, but Canadian bank earnings have dropped by an average of just 14%. Move on to returns on equity--about 15.5%, on average, for Canadian banks, which is in the same neighborhood as Facebook FB -0.25279123657046554% Facebook Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq USD142.05 -0.36 -0.25279123657046554% /Date(1490994000560-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 11073294 AFTER HOURS USD141.69 -0.36 -0.25343189017951423% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 412471 P/E Ratio 43.57361963190184 Market Cap 412016061024.785 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 1621190 More quote details and news » FB in Your Value Your Change Short position (FB) and Alphabet GOOGL -0.197768046334228% Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq USD847.8 -1.68 -0.197768046334228% /Date(1490994000457-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 1329793 AFTER HOURS USD847.26 -0.54 -0.06369426751592357% Volume (Delayed 15m) : 111189 P/E Ratio 30.40780459811341 Market Cap 578399313665.908 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 1245370 More quote details and news » GOOGL in Your Value Your Change Short position (GOOGL). The 66 members of the S&P 500 that inhabit that neighborhood trade at an average of about 20 times earnings, according to Barasch. Canadian banks have had ROEs above 14% for 35 years. Then look at dividend yields. Canada’s banks pay between 3% and 5%. U.S. stocks in that range go for an average of 26 times forward earnings. As Barasch points out, it’s possible that history won’t repeat for Canadian banks. Loan growth indeed looks likely to slow from here. But periods of negative five-year stock returns for the group have been exceptionally rare. Fun fact: Over the past 20 and 25 years, Canadian banks are the only subsector in North America to outperform Berkshire Hathaway BRKA -0.4063097514340344% Berkshire Hathaway Inc. Cl B U.S.: NYSE USD166.68 -0.68 -0.4063097514340344% /Date(1490994376876-0500)/ Volume (Delayed 15m) : 3394801 AFTER HOURS USD166.68 % Volume (Delayed 15m) : 169931 P/E Ratio 17.072096524740612 Market Cap 413430277685.542 Dividend Yield N/A Rev. per Employee 606296 More quote details and news » BRKA in Your Value Your Change Short position (BRK.A) (BRK.B). It’s also possible that minds will prove difficult to change, and that Canadian banks will continue to trade cheaply, regardless of their merits. But maybe not. Before the global financial crisis, Canadian bank price/earnings ratios had been on a 25-year uptrend. Perhaps their rise over the past year means the pause is over. The takeaway from Barasch is that an investor who owns JPMorgan shares might consider swapping for a basket of the Canadian banks, which combined have a similar market value. JPMorgan has pulled well ahead since the election. But the Canadian banks offer 1.6 percentage points more of yield, higher ROEs, lower volatility and in Barasch’s opinion, a sturdy regulatory framework and better barriers to entry. Comments? E-mail us at editors@barrons.com Follow @jackhough Like Barron’s on Facebook Follow Barron’s on Twitter Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Ahead of the Crowd 1. We Have a Big ‘Crush’ on This Cheap Energy Play 2. Your Portfolio Could Look Better With E.l.f. Beauty 3. 3 Cheap Value Stocks With Dividends and Momentum 4. 10 Stocks of Companies Blowing Past Estimates 5. Two Fast-Growing Stocks That Remain Undervalued Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK WeChat’s EU and US expansion about to get more aggressive Reports claim JPMorgan Chase is considering Dublin office for 1,000 staff Irish company AnaBio is delivering in precision nutrition Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey is to leave Facebook Take a sneak peek inside Squarespace’s Dublin office The GreenPlan: Dublin firefighter’s toolkit to save us from carbon emissions Can blockchain disrupt the legal industry? 2016 saw huge glut of data breaches, with 1.4bn files compromised What does GDPR mean for your energy business? The five-minute CIO: Tom Austin, Gartner US Senate passes motion to let ISPs share customer data with no consent European consumer lawsuit tsunami will come in wake of GDPR Extreme snaps up Brocade’s data centre networking business Enet pumps £175,000 into Northern Ireland telecoms infrastructure US Congress backs biggest privacy U-turn in internet history Bank of Ireland aims Digital Arrows to get more people online Telephony firm IP Telecom signs €1.5m deal with Radius Technologies New TV licence rules could extend to tablet, laptop and PC users €44m co-investment funding created by Enterprise Ireland 10 world-changing women-led start-ups vying for a €50,000 cash prize Dot takes top prize at Slush Tokyo pitch for braille smartwatch Media freelance talent pool Storyhunter funding rises to $4.2m Sugru begins £1.5m crowdfunding bid to ramp up global expansion Meetingroom.io wins audience approval at 21st edition of DublinBeta ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One Good science relies on the democratisation of data Buzz Aldrin to touch down in Cork this summer for space conference DCU deep into 24-hour online brainstorming session SpaceX to make history by blasting its first recycled rocket into space Global call issued for entries to 2017 James Dyson Award NASA reveals new library tool for all the space pics you need AI and IoT dominated insurtech funding in 2016, with UK in the lead SoftBank’s new take on SIM cards the perfect ingredient for IoT Architecture firm reveals crazy plan to attach skyscraper to an asteroid Cork-based Tyndall set to lead €15.5m EU photonics consortium Three revs up for connected cars with Cisco Jasper IoT deal Graphene could soon make smartphones a lot cooler, literally How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS How to solve the ageism problem in the tech sector Code Institute and IBAT join forces with coding courses Tech apprenticeships could be the answer to the skills shortage What do you need to know to get a job in emerging technologies? Machine learning: Should we be excited, or fearful for our jobs? Data is ‘absolutely essential’ to the future of work How to quit your job with no backup plan How do I explain the gap in my CV? 5 alternative career goals to make you happy The ultimate cheat sheet for your CV 3 things to ask when your employee is leaving What is transformational talent and how can we get it? Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career ‘Seeing the science evolve from concept to reality is the best part of research’ MSD thinks beyond business to make a positive impact What is it like working on the chatbot platforms of the future? Deep learning is about more than AI – it has unified research MSD chemical engineer: ‘Soft skills are key to what I do every day’ 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful UK patent firm Keltie opens office in Galway to tap into medtech start-ups Financial services player Alter Domus creates 60 jobs in Cork Damovo creates bridge to 30 new Dublin jobs At Qualtrics, culture is a huge part of the interview process Could robots actually take up 30pc of all jobs? PwC thinks so What kind of job can I get in AI development? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Twitter will now stop replies hogging your 140-character limit Holidaymakers, rejoice! Passport renewal will soon be offered online Bonfire night in Derry lands top Sony photo award Facebook is in crackling form to pop Snap’s bubble Here are the early contenders for the Comedy Pet Photography Awards 25 easy ‘teic’ terms you can try for Seachtain na Gaeilge Samsung confirms release date and specs for Galaxy S8 Apple rolls out iOS 10.3 and watchOS 3.2 updates, plus Night Shift for Mac Apple brings out Product (RED) edition iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus phones Where did I park my car? Google Maps will soon tell all First impressions: The Huawei P10 smartphone WhatsApp bows to angry users with promise to return popular feature Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? Twitch reveals Pulse, a Twitter-like social network for gamers Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all ALL Want an internship that’s about more than coffee? Do you have what it takes to be an engineer in IoT? IBM Watson and AI are key players in the cybersecurity game of wits Growing a career in tech at Intel Ireland NIBRT: We help people who want to work in biotech What does a data analyst do on a day-to-day basis? ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES Reports claim JPMorgan Chase is considering Dublin office for 1,000 staff by Colm Gorey 2 hours ago1 Share JPMorgan Chase sign. Image: Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock In the wake of Brexit, financial giant JPMorgan Chase is reportedly considering a major move to a Dublin office for as many as 1,000 staff. The Brexit effect is being felt by UK companies, which are looking to the rest of Europe as a potential safe harbour within the single market. As recently as yesterday (30 March), UK intellectual property and patent firm Keltie revealed it was opening an office in Galway to keep within the confines of the EU. It now appears that financial giant JPMorgan Chase is also eyeing at least a partial move to Dublin, where it could employ around 1,000 staff members. According to Bloomberg, sources have revealed that the company has begun talks to buy office space in the Irish capital, but has not committed to anything as of yet. The deal would see JP Morgan Chase potentially move into one of the joint NAMA and Kennedy-Wilson Holdings properties, specifically the 12,000 sq m building at 200 Capital Dock, currently being developed at Dublin’s Silicon Docks. In response to these claims, JPMorgan Chase said in a statement: “Other options are still very much on the table. “We want to see how negotiations progress. No final decisions have been made.” London preparing for fallout Even before recent action undertaken by British prime minister Theresa May to enact Article 50, London’s financial scene was already preparing for the effects on many businesses in the capital. Just one month after the referendum, a jobs report saw a 27pc year-on-year drop in professional job vacancies in London. This was seemingly confirmed by a PwC report that showed Dublin has the potential to be the most attractive location out of the major European financial services centres post-Brexit. “While Ireland and Dublin offer certainty on access to the single market and EU passporting, other factors such as an English-speaking, flexible and highly skilled workforce, a pro-business environment, and a strong and stable legal system are also positives,” the report said. Prior to the referendum, JPMorgan Chase’s CEO Jamie Dimon warned that as many as 4,000 staff members could leave if a ‘no’ vote was passed. JPMorgan Chase sign. Image: Jonathan Weiss/Shutterstock Related: Brexit, finance, Dublin, jobs, UK Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Business Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK 19 Dec 201610 Shares Hiring Now 2016 Graduate Employer of the Year Life-changing career opportunities for you Be part of a globally successful team Helping the world be well. Work for what matters. Comms Siro opens new Dublin HQ, plans to spend €150m in 2017 12 Dec 2016193 Shares Careers Want to know the key to career happiness? 9 Dec 20167 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Innovation Why post-Brexit cooperation is key to scientific success 28 Feb 201744 Shares People At Version 1, a grad programme that feels like anything but 2 Dec 2016131 Shares Jobs Cambridge’s search for new Lego Professor of Play ending soon 17 Jan 201725 Shares Latest News Game giant Brenda Romero to receive BAFTA for stunning career 27 seconds ago How to quit your job with no backup plan 41 minutes ago €44m co-investment funding created by Enterprise Ireland 58 minutes ago WeChat’s EU and US expansion about to get more aggressive 1 hour ago Reports claim JPMorgan Chase is considering Dublin office for 1,000 staff 2 hours ago Irish company AnaBio is delivering in precision nutrition 2 hours ago UK patent firm Keltie opens office in Galway to tap into medtech start-ups 3 hours ago 10 world-changing women-led start-ups vying for a €50,000 cash prize 3 hours ago Oculus VR founder Palmer Luckey is to leave Facebook 4 hours ago Take a sneak peek inside Squarespace’s Dublin office 4 hours ago Twitter will now stop replies hogging your 140-character limit 4 hours ago Financial services player Alter Domus creates 60 jobs in Cork 5 hours ago Good science relies on the democratisation of data 20 hours ago How to solve the ageism problem in the tech sector 20 hours ago Buzz Aldrin to touch down in Cork this summer for space conference 21 hours ago Code Institute and IBAT join forces with coding courses 21 hours ago Dot takes top prize at Slush Tokyo pitch for braille smartwatch 21 hours ago The GreenPlan: Dublin firefighter’s toolkit to save us from carbon emissions 22 hours ago Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey: ‘Twitter is a company that will endure forever’ 22 hours ago AI and IoT dominated insurtech funding in 2016, with UK in the lead 23 hours ago DCU deep into 24-hour online brainstorming session 23 hours ago SpaceX to make history by blasting its first recycled rocket into space 1 day ago How do I explain the gap in my CV? 1 day ago SoftBank’s new take on SIM cards the perfect ingredient for IoT 1 day ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /news/01 April 2017. 8am /news/01 April 2017. 8am /news/01 April 2017. 8am /news/01 April 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home News Articles LSE:DLI JPMorgan upgrades Direct Line on valuation grounds after Ogden rate cut related falls Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 09:35 31 Mar 2017 The US bank upgraded its stance on Direct line to ‘overweight’ from ‘neutral’, albeit with a reduced target price of 395p, down from 410p Elsewhere in the sector, JPMorgan downgraded ratings for both Esure and Hastings Group to ‘neutral’ Direct Line Group PLC (LON:DLG) was the top FTSE 100 gainer this morning after JPMorgan Cazenove upgraded its rating for the household and motor insurer after recent sharp falls in the stock in the fall-out from the cut made to the Ogden discount rate used for personal injury claims. The US bank upgraded its stance on Direct line to ‘overweight’ from ‘neutral’, albeit with a reduced target price of 395p, down from 410p. In early trading, Direct Line shares were up 3.4%, or 11.5p at 352.5p. In a note to clients, JPMorgan’s analysts said: “The UK non-life sector has seen significant volatility in the year to date, largely due to the Ogden discount rate change. “While the impact of this has clearly has not fallen uniformly across the sector, in our view the underperformance of Direct Line looks increasingly disproportionate.” They added: “For a business with strong brands, a conservative balance sheet, and a long-term expense opportunity, we see this as highly attractive and upgrade to Overweight." Others downgraded … Elsewhere in the sector , the analysts  said that although they continue to see a more favourable earnings trajectory at Esure PLC (LON:ESUR) and Hastings Group PLC (LON:HSTG), recent share price strength has caused them to move their ratings for both to ‘neutral’ from ‘overweight’ on valuation grounds. Esure shares were down 1%, or 2.3p to 236.2p, while Hastings fell 1.9%, or 5.3p to 270p. The analysts said Direct Line is now their top pick in the UK non-life sector, followed by FTSE 100-listed peer Admiral Group PLC (LON:ADM) , on which they maintain an ‘overweight’ stance. Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Jon Hopkins Register here to be notified of future DLG Company articles View full DLG profile Direct Line Timeline Article March 24 2017 UBS juggles ratings for UK motor insurers after Ogden discount rate reduction Article March 07 2017 Direct Line sees 2016 profits drop impacted by shock change to personal injury claims rate Article February 27 2017 Although motor insurers have dropped on shock personal injury rate cut, consumers seen as main loser Newswire August 02 2016 Direct Line dials higher as it declares special divi Newswire January 12 2016 Direct Line says UK floods may cost it up to £140mln Article August 04 2015 Direct Line profits rise amid fewer disasters Newswire August 01 2014 Direct Line investors celebrate special payout as profits rise Article February 26 2014 Direct Line sees flood damage claims of £70-90mln from households Newswire December 17 2013 Insurers dented as Competition Commission targets premiums Newswire November 01 2013 Direct Line gains as insurance claims fall View All Related Articles Chesnara believes L&G Nederland acquisition is the "write" stuff December 16 2016 Known primarily as a closed book consolidator, the company's latest acquisition will write new business, to ensure the company's income stream grows steadily RSS Portfolio Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Help Only registered members can add into watchlist. Register or Log in Direct Line View full company profile Direct Line is a fantastic success story. We started from scratch in the UK in April 1985 with a single product - car insurance, and just one way for our customers to buy - over the telephone. Today we have over five million customers and a broad... Read more Direct Line is a fantastic success story. We started from scratch in the UK in April 1985 with a single product - car insurance, and just one way for our customers to buy - over the telephone. Today we have over five million customers and a broad range of products and services. We do business over the phone and on the Internet, and we also do it internationally, with businesses in Germany and Italy. Hide text Market: LSE EPIC: DLG Market Cap: 4,776.75M Latest Price: 347.40p  (1.88% ) 52-week H/L: 400.70p / 323.00p Sector: Insurance Direct Line 1day 1year Loading charts Loading charts Direct Line RNS announcements 2017-03-29 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-29 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-28 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-28 2016 Annual Report & Accounts & Notice of 2017 AGM2017-03-28 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-14 Director Declaration2017-03-13 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-03-07 Change to membership of the Remuneration Committee2017-03-07 Preliminary Results year ended 31 December 20162017-03-01 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-02-27 Impact of the Lord Chancellors announcement2017-02-27 Noting the Lord Chancellors announcement2017-02-20 2016 Final Dividend Dates2017-02-20 Preliminary results to be announced 7 March, 20172017-01-30 Director/PDMR Shareholding2017-01-30 Board appointments2017-01-25 Notice of 2016 preliminary results2017-01-03 Total Voting Rights2016-12-30 Director/PDMR Shareholding2016-12-08 2016 Final and 2017 Interim Dividend Dates View all announcements Proactive Investors Recommended Chesnara believes L&G Nederland acquisition is the "write" stuff CentralNic sales double; outlines ambitious expansion plans Century Global Commodities gaining traction in Chinese food market International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EMERGING MARKETS-FinMin exit hits S.Africa; EM stocks and FX enjoy strong Q1 By Reuters Published: 04:48 EDT, 31 March 2017 | Updated: 04:48 EDT, 31 March 2017 e-mail By Karin Strohecker LONDON, March 31 (Reuters) - South African assets took a tumble on Friday after President Jacob Zuma fired Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan following days of speculation, replacing him with the relatively unknown head of home affairs Malusi Gigaba. The rand dropped as much as 2.4 percent in a fifth straight session of losses before regaining some ground against the dollar. It is poised for a weekly loss of nearly 8 percent -- its worst week in 15 months. Local bonds were hit hard, with yields in the benchmark flirting with the 9 percent mark while Eurobond yields soared across the curve. The sacking of Gordhan, seen as a steady and reliable hand in policymaking by investors, came as part of a wider cabinet reshuffle, the latest chapter exposing deepening rifts and divisions within the government of Africa's most industrialised economy. The turmoil comes as South Africa is facing reviews by credit ratings agencies that could see it lose investment-grade status and make it more costly to borrow. "There could be potential political ramifications of the cabinet reshuffle, as reflected by indications by opposition parties for a vote of no-confidence and impeachment motion," JPMorgan Chase's Sonja Keller wrote in a note to clients. She added that she did not expect a substantial shift in the policy framework in the next 12-18 months, although "this recent rhetoric may lead ratings agencies and market participants to perceive a greater level of policy uncertainty near-term". JPMorgan Chase has cut its position in South African local bonds and currency to medium-weight from overweight, Keller said, Poised for monthly losses, the rand was still on track to end the quarter 2 percent stronger as emerging market assets enjoyed a buoyant start to the year. With the dollar on track for its worst quarter in a year, currencies elsewhere ended the week and month on a brighter note. Russia's rouble, up 0.3 percent on the day, was on track for a monthly rise of 4.5 percent and a quarterly gain of nearly 10 percent -- the strongest quarter since the start of 2012 -- as the country emerges from a bruising recession and supported by stabilising oil prices. Turkey's lira strengthened 0.3 percent as data showed the economy grew a greater-than-expected 2.9 percent in 2016, bouncing back in the final three months of the year after a contraction in the third quarter. The lira is on track to eke out gains for a second month but not enough to make up for a dismal start to the year, and is poised for a fourth straight quarter of weakening. Emerging stocks -- on track for the third consecutive months of gain and their best quarter since the start of 2012 -- fell 0.8 percent on the day, with bourses in Asia chalking up heavy losses. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 961.21 -8.26 -0.85 +11.47 Czech Rep 981.98 -1.69 -0.17 +6.55 Poland 2199.00 -10.10 -0.46 +12.89 Hungary 31895.89 -248.78 -0.77 -0.33 Romania 8054.19 +35.72 +0.45 +13.68 Greece 665.71 -4.71 -0.70 +3.43 Russia 1130.03 -7.23 -0.64 -1.94 South Africa 45318.78 +98.39 +0.22 +3.23 Turkey 89278.74 -3.51 +0.00 +14.26 China 3222.60 +12.37 +0.39 +3.83 India 29598.47 -48.95 -0.17 +11.16 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 27.04 27.12 +0.30 -0.13 Poland 4.22 4.21 -0.24 +4.34 Hungary 308.71 308.51 -0.06 +0.04 Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.06 -0.26 Serbia 123.77 123.85 +0.06 -0.34 Russia 56.02 56.08 +0.10 +9.36 Kazakhstan 313.20 314.81 +0.51 +6.53 Ukraine 27.01 26.95 -0.22 -0.04 South Africa 13.47 13.29 -1.36 +1.91 Kenya 102.80 102.90 +0.10 -0.42 Israel 3.63 3.63 -0.02 +6.08 Turkey 3.64 3.65 +0.23 -3.18 China 6.89 6.89 -0.07 +0.75 India 64.85 64.85 +0.00 +4.78 Brazil 3.15 3.15 -0.02 +3.32 Mexico 18.67 18.72 +0.23 +10.93 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 325 1 .11 7 69.37 1 (Reporting by Karin Strohecker; Editing by Vin Shahrestani) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS The white stuff! Kim Kardashian highlights her figure in bodysuit and tight shorts after modeling for Khloe's jeans range 'I'm really scared- I don't want to die': Linda Nolan reveals heart-breaking fears of not growing old with her grandkids... as she addresses shock cancer diagnosis Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, spotted 'packing on the PDA' poolside in Hawaii Seen giggling and hugging in the pool in Waikiki, Hawaii 'Can I leave you to it?' Unwell Gary Barlow walks off The One Show mid-interview... but later tells concerned fans he's 'absolutely fine' after fearing he was 'going to faint live on TV'  The boyband richer than the Beatles: Seven years on from coming third on X Factor, One Direction are worth a quarter of a BILLION. So how DO they splash the cash?  She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED 'What a sick, twisted joke': Coronation Street fans slam 'insensitive' storyline that sees Sally Webster being told her cancer has come back in evil prank 'Plenty of times I've thought about this film and my own life': Liam Neeson admits Love Actually reunion made him reflect on the loss of his wife Natasha Richardson  Kourtney Kardashian strips down to a towel and reveals daily four-step body moisturizing regimen Tips involve organic coconut oil, apple cider vinegar and detox salts MIC's Jess Woodley shows off her figure in tiny yellow bikini in Barbados... just two months after THAT trip with her ex Alex Mytton and Lottie Moss Gary Barlow plans to renew wedding vows with 'amazing wife' Dawn saying it's 'definitely on the agenda' after being married for 17 years Roger Moore was a model, Dorothy Squires his superstar wife determined to make him famous. Then he cheated... and her revenge was pyrotechnic The tight stuff! Glowing Scarlett Moffatt shows off svelte figure in velvet leggings and denim jacket as she leaves Saturday Night Takeaway rehearsals Just tattoo of us! Loved-up Charlotte Crosby and Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear get cosy for cute couple selfie Spoiler-hungry Game Of Thrones fans claim to spot season seven clues in the reflection of an EYE in latest teaser  Like mother, like daughter! Suri Cruise, 10, is a little fashionista in a flared lilac coat as she joins smart and chic Katie Holmes for a New York outing 'Swish!': Kim Kardashian carries son Saint West as he mimics basketball shooting motion in adorable snap Girls night! Kim Kardashian and daughter North West get the full backstage experience at Ariana Grande concert Is she fur-real? Khloe Kardashian wears unusual fuzzy shouldered jacket as she flies out of LAX The 32-year-old made a bold and slightly odd fashion statement 'What has she done to her hands?' Katie Price sparks concern among fans AGAIN after sharing holiday snap of her daughter Bunny, two, in bandages The weight is over! Mama June FINALLY unveils the results of her astounding body transformation on Not To Hot It's been a long road littered with setbacks  Cat Deeley enjoys relaxing mani pedi as she is seen for the first time since 14-month-old son gave her a black eye Spotted with quite the shiner Bending the rules! Adrienne Bailon barely avoids wardrobe malfunction in all white yoga outfit Adrienne Bailon had luck on her side Friday Sylvester Stallone 'leaves The Expendables franchise and turns down $20 MILLION payday' Said to be at odds with movie executive Avi Lerner Ladies who lunch! Selena Gomez embraces assistant Theresa Marie Mingus at Mr. Chow in Beverly Hills Showers bring flowers! Helena Christensen braves the rain to fetch a bouquet of blooms Helena Christensen knows how to weather a storm 'Don't give up': Brie Larson reveals past DJ days as she encourages 'dreamers with day jobs' to persevere Sent a positive and inspirational message Preparing for takeoff? Lisa Vanderpump steps out in Beverly Hills as she dons air hostess inspired outfit The 56-year-old star stepped out in Beverly Hills on Friday  Casual chic: Jenna Elfman looks stylish in white leather jacket over patterned blouse while promoting new series Imaginary Mary at WonderCon Stylish Sofia Richie rocks a sheer lace jumpsuit as she steps out to run errands in Malibu The blonde beauty added a dark grey cardigan Surf's up! Adam Sandler enjoys boogie boarding with his two daughters as wife rocks two-piece bikini in Hawaii Taught his family some tricks on the surf board Fabulous at 52! Courteney Cox slips into a bikini while enjoying beach holiday with daughter Coco Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class Gigi Hadid rocks red, white, and blue in rainy NYC... alongside her personal umbrella holder New poster unveiled for Tom Cruise's summer thriller The Mummy highlights stunning actress Sofia Boutella 'We can't do a reunion without Uncle Phil!' Fresh Prince star Karyn Parsons says they won't make TV return now that star James Avery has died Flying under the radar: Sean Penn looks worse for wear as he makes his way through airport in New York Denim diva! Ashley Tisdale steps out in this season's hottest jean style as she treats herself to some retail therapy  What a catch! Beaming Casey Batchelor proudly shows off her fishing skills as she tries her hand at angling on The Big Fish Off Let them eat cake! Chrissy Teigen cannot stop laughing or tasting the merchandise as she decorates a giant desert while wearing hot pants  'He's very prone to put on weight like I am': Elton John reveals he warned Ed Sheeran against piling on the pounds on break from music Agyness Deyn looks a million miles away from her modelling days as she sports an anorak and casual tracksuit bottoms to film gritty crime drama Travelling in style! Sofia Vergara is casually comfortable in black as she preps for flight out of LAX 'You've got to respect your child's wishes': Rebecca Judd calls for kids to be protected under stronger paparazzi laws... as she signs up her daughter Billie, three, as the face of Mattel's Barbie campaign Dipsy makes a slipsy! Teletubby appears to accidentally grab Lorraine Kelly's breast during flamboyant appearance on her ITV show 'I have a lot of people contacting me': Australian model Sophie Taylor reveals she's been inundated with modelling offers since being pictured with Prince William 'Finally visiting Penny's hometown!' Kaley Cuoco pays homage to her Big Bang Theory character on trip to Nebraska with boyfriend 'I'm a rock chick' Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson debuts new look as she tames long glossy locks into intricate braids  Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class 'I'm not homophobic': Candace Cameron Bure defends herself after being slammed for wearing shirt with phrase made famous by a drag queen Harry's girl Meghan Markle cements her position as a future royal wife in Vanity Fair photoshoot alongside other 'future leaders' including Emma Watson  Bikini time! Kelly Bensimon rocks a stylish white swimsuit while living it up in paradise  50 cent denies feud with Chris Brown amid claims he ditched tour over money Offered scheduling conflicts as the sole reason for leaving Who knew they were friends? Holly Valance gets in on the pre-wedding festivities at the pub as pals Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic prepare to say 'I do' Back on mom duty! Charlize Theron enjoys outing with her two children after work trip to CinemaCon Kenya Moore's ex Matt Jordan was NOT invited to the RHOA reunion... following Moore's restraining order against her former lover No clothes, no problem! Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell goes topless for fashion in Africa 'I like my women thick and orange': CJ Meeks appears to hit out at ex Bianca Gascoigne in Instagram post  On the prowl! Kyle Richards sprints into Beverly Hills department store in leopard patterned top for some speedy shopping Dragging along! Melanie Griffith puffs on a cigarette as she steps out for a leisurely stroll The New York native was enjoying the slower-pace life in sunny California  Terrifying trailer for Stephen King's It clocks 197m views in 24 hours... beating The Fate Of The Furious' 139m record Time to chill! Eden Sassoon shows off her beach body in plunging orange bathing suit during Hawaiian holiday ahead of explosive row on RHOBH Cara Delevingne ditches model glamour for grungy ensemble as she covers up in long hooded coat and baggy trousers for day in NYC Dangerous curves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off physique in plunging leotard and extremely tight blue jeans  'The booty's back!' Ariel Winter channels Kardashian vibes as she flaunts shapely derriere in revealing bodysuit How Goldie Hawn keeps her sparkle at 71: Actress shares sneak peek at her beauty regimen while relaxing in negligee with hair curlers 'God bless Kendrick Lamar!' Rapper earns very enthusiastic praise online after celebrating women's STRETCH MARKS in a new 'body positive' song Rock chic! Alice Dellal opts for edgy look in a leather jacket with a dishevelled ponytail as she lounges outside a London gym Busty Ferne McCann displays her slender midriff in a tropical blue bikini and skirt ensemble as she enjoys her sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives He's back! Orlando Bloom returns from the sea after decade long absence in new Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 trailer 'I've kept it very private for years and years': Alec Baldwin reveals he overdosed on drugs in his twenties Suns out buns out! Joanna Krupa poses for yet another cheeky naked picture by the pool SPOILER ALERT: William Roache spotted on Corrie set after Ken Barlow was violently pushed down the stairs... as soap gears up for whodunnit storyline Baby kisses! Zoe Saldana's husband Marco cuddles up to their six-week old son Zen   Imogen Thomas poses up a storm as she takes a stream of busty selfies while soaking up the Miami sunshine in a skimpy black bikini Selfie obsessed Justin Bieber puts on a cosy display with a mystery brunette in Rio de Janeiro as he leans in for a kiss in the back of his limo She didn't seem too keen Tie me up! LeAnn Rimes wears bodysuit with deep plunging neckline for flight to LAX She was not shy in a white, long-sleeve bodysuit  'It shouldn't be a big deal in the 21st century': Actress Pearl Mackie will play Doctor Who's first openly gay companion... and admits it's 'about time' 'It hit me like a gut punch': Walking Dead star Daniel Newman comes out as gay on Twitter... before explaining why in powerful YouTube message 'It rocked my world': Luke Bryan reflects on his big brother Chris' tragic death... ahead of hosting ACM Awards 'We'd hug each other after': Alexander Skarsgard on bonding with Nicole Kidman after violent sex scenes on Big Little Lies left her battered and bruised 'I'm not sorry': Ricky Gervais hits back at criticism over 'dead baby joke' and says he's 'f***ing loving' the outrage  Blac Chyna 'obtains work permits for son King Cairo and daughter Dream' as she is seen at government building She's no wallflower! Kaia Gerber looks just like her supermodel mom Cindy Crawford as the teen appears in a new ad for Marc Jacobs Daisy fragrance Style Swoon: From celebs like Bella Hadid in affordable fashions to the Coach and Rodarte collaboration, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that caught our attention this week Britain's Next Top Model's first transgender contestant Talulah-Eve puts on a busty display in a thigh-skimming nude mini dress as she enjoys night out in London Lisa Rinna, 53, prowls around in leopard print bikini during 20th wedding anniversary vacation with Harry Hamlin Rachel Riley shows off her enviably toned physique in cycling shorts and skin-tight top after trip to the gym Proud mum! Jenny Stefanovic beams in a sheer black frock alongside her sister at the wedding rehearsal as her son Peter prepares to marry Sylvia Jeffreys Something to smile about! MAFS' Jesse Konstantinoff becomes a first home buyer as he picks up the keys to a lavish inner-city Adelaide apartment  'I have so many GREYS!': Model Jesinta Campbell, 25, reveals the stressful reason behind her luscious locks turning grey Need a pick-me-up? Richard Wilkins cuts a tired figure after night at the pub as he grabs coffee just hours before Sylvia Jeffreys' wedding to Peter Stefanovic Look away Frankie! Jamie Laing puts on a cosy display with Hollyoaks' Sophie Porley as he swaps the streets of Chelsea for the cobbles of Cheshire Baby joy! 'NSYNC's Chris Kirkpatrick and wife announce they're expecting first child Announced the exciting news on social media on Friday Professor Paris Hilton! Heiress takes on the role of scientist to save the planet from pollution in funny spoof video campaign for SodaStream 'Love my Spice Girls!' Victoria Beckham appears to offer an olive branch to 'livid' Mel B following Spice Girl skit... as she pokes fun at her matching mannequin's ensemble Party time! Courtney Stodden shows off toned physique in plunging violet romper during night out in LA...after turning heads with her bikini body Mother of the groom: Karl Stefanovic's mum Jenny arrives with the family ahead of brother Peter and Sylvia Jeffreys' nuptials They're already dressing alike! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez step out in coordinated outfits after athlete calls her 'an amazing girl' Lady in red! Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her eye-popping curves as she puts on risqué dance display in semi-sheer lace bodysuit Tatt's naughty! Busty Jemma Lucy strips completely naked as she channels Margot Robbie in VERY raunchy Suicide Squad photoshoot 'Incredible': Nick Cannon marvels at his own strength during impressive fitness session while fighting Lupus Rebel Rebel! Evan Rachel Wood pays homage to her 'high priest' David Bowie in androgynous new glam shoot for Elle Canada 'I was alone and suffering': Mary J. Blige on the moment she realized her husband of twelve years didn't want to be with her anymore 'I don't think people will be in the mood to laugh': Alec Baldwin considers retiring SNL impersonation of 'satire-resistant' Donald Trump Going in the right direction? Single Niall Horan gets a hug from a mystery female friend as he dines out in Hollywood Looked close Australian model is the first transgender woman to appear on the cover of iconic fashion magazine GQ Ouch! Brave Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes to the stage with her legs in bandages after BURNING herself... forcing Little Mix to perform as a trio Back in her skinny jeans already! New mum Rebekah Vardy shows off her slender post-baby figure in a chic designer outfit as she hits the shops  In bloom! Pregnant Ciara wears floral crown and flowy white dress to celebrate baby shower with friends and husband Russell Wilson too  'I'm not the same guy': Tim Allen recalls his time in prison for drug trafficking as he says 'I'm extremely grateful for where I am today' 'It feels like a dollhouse': Big Little Lies star Laura Dern opens the doors to her vibrant mid-century home in California  'I lost a child at almost eight months': Katey Sagal opens up about her stillbirth heartbreak while promoting new memoir  'I'm a mixture of white and red with holiday bloat': Playful Katie Piper slips into a tiny coral bikini as she enjoys family beach break to Dubai Heavily-pregnant Daniella Semaan shows off her baby bump in a tight wool dress as she heads to lunch with footballer beau Cesc Fabregas Age-defying Rachel Hunter, 47, flaunts her ample cleavage and trim waist in tiny bikini as she frolics on beach in her native New Zealand Fab in her forties 'I won't get that time back': Beverley Callard discusses bipolar diagnosis following her battle with depression.... before Corrie so-star Charlie Lawson surprises her with 60th birthday bash 'So happy Ivanka joined me': Marla Maples shares very candid throwback snap of herself playing basketball with her former step-daughter - who has said they're 'not close' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear Lucy Mecklenburgh stumbles to taxi before dozing off on the back seat... after raucous night at Ashley James' 30th bash 'It's never too late to turn your life around!' Denise Welch, 58, poses in a bikini looking fantastic as she celebtates five years booze-free 'You're literally killing the internet': Harry Styles' fans go WILD on social media as One Direction heartthrob reveals title of his debut solo single Hot mama! Carol Wright, 56, shows off her flat tummy and toned figure as she poses in a paisley patterned bikini in Dubai beach snap   Doing something Wright! Flower power! TOWIE's Jess Wright flaunts her gorgeous figure in an array of summery floral frocks as she models new clothing line in sunny Chelsea All white now! Doutzen Kroes displays her endless legs in just an oversized cardigan and thigh-high boots as she poses for photoshoot in Paris  EXCLUSIVE: 'I've never fancied someone so much!' Josie Gibson steps out with new welder beau Sam... AND says he's the 'only man who can handle her' Daddy day care! David holds hands with cute Harper, 5, and carries her toy doll through the airport as the Beckhams descend on LA EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Yazmin Oukhellou and James Lock hit the town amid feud with Danielle Armstrong... as she sends fans into a frenzy with 'engagement ring' photo 'I should have taken a chance': Melissa Joan Hart reveals she was 'smitten' with co-star Ryan Reynolds on Sabrina the Teenage Witch Pretty in hot pink! Victoria Justice sizzles in cleavage-baring pantsuit for GLAAD Rising Stars Luncheon Joanna Krupa keeps it casual in a tight vest and ripped jeans as she enjoys a girls' night out with her pals  Uncharacteristically demure 'I'm in the movie and they're harassing me': Green Power Ranger Jason David Frank kicked out of premiere for trying to record his cameo on phone 'She has a superpower': Osher Günsberg credits wife Audrey Griffen for helping The Bachelor host come to terms with his depression Going to the club? Lauryn Goodman displays her ample cleavage in dress as sisters Chloe and Amelia follow suit in the Maldives 'It's bittersweet, beautiful and heartbreaking': Lauren Cohan reflects on The Walking Dead season seven finale... as she smoulders in new shoot Love Bugg! Leo DiCaprio's 'ex' Roxy Horner looks smitten as she cosies up to unlikely musician flame Jake at theme park A wild ride!  What's eating Leo's face? Actor DiCaprio attempts to go incognito in a BALACLAVA as he steps out for solo stroll around the streets of NYC Kasabian's You're In Love With A Psycho video showing band members in hospital is slammed for 'sad and tired' mental health stereotype She's got good jeans! Kate Hudson cuts a stylish figure in neutral coat with ripped denim while heading to Good Morning America in NYC  Doing her homework! Sofia Vergara steps out in ripped jeans and sheer blouse as she carries scripts in LA Left an elocution class on Thursday Getting Down(ton) and dirty! Jessica Brown Findlay heats things up in racy onscreen tryst in new drama Harlots... and reveals she had odd way of breaking the ice 'This is a get help or die situation': Stephanie Davis claims Jeremy McConnell will 'spend six weeks in rehab to battle drug addiction' following his dad's death Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with bikini-clad fiancée Sadie Stuart during romantic getaway to Tenerife What a (tummy) tease! Kristen Stewart packs on the PDA with girlfriend Stella Maxwell as they walk hand-in-hand wearing matching crop tops 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body in anniversary interview  'He has no shame': will.i.am is branded 'rude' for wearing an earpiece on TV to plug his headphones range (and refusing to remove his hat and sunglasses) Still saving the world! Former Bond Pierce Brosnan is joined by wife Keely Shaye Smith as they promote environmental documentary Flying solo! Karl Stefanovic is by younger brother Peter's side for his wedding to Sylvia Jeffreys... but where's girlfriend Jasmine Yarbrough? Taking her mind off it: Bambi Northwood-Blyth enjoys a day at the beach with hunky model Jordan Barrett as husband Dan Single recovers from balcony fall Newly-single Megan McKenna sizzles in skintight cut-out orange frock as she heads on glamorous girls' night out... after emotional split from Pete Wicks She's getting carried away! Victoria Beckham is lugged through the streets by James Corden as the pair spoof scenes from classic movie Mannequin Getting steamy! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, showcases her lithe frame in a tiny bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Blue Lagoon in Iceland 'There were hard days and still are!' Scott Eastwood emotionally reflects on his friend and co-star Paul Walker's tragic death as he promotes new film EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm still the same sweet, down-to-earth girl': Paris Hilton reveals how running her MULTI-BILLION dollar empire keeps her grounded Emily Ratajkowski bares her pert bosom in a VERY small crop top as she dons lacy underwear and a bright purple wig in racy throwback shot 'I AM NOT pregnant': Lauren Goodger firmly denies she's expecting... hours after hiding under a sheet amid claims she tweeted about a 'baby bump' From hostels to a £4.2m mansion: How did Big Brother star Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace turn her five minutes of fame into a MULTI-MILLION fortune? Keeping a low profile? Make-up free Kylie Jenner ditches her usual glamour as she grabs a coffee amid Tyga's child support row with Blac Chyna 'The kinkier the banana the better!' Lorraine Kelly is left red-faced as she misconstrues TV chef John Whaite's cooking instructions for smutty banter TV's night of nights heading to Sydney? Iconic Logies ceremony eyeing move from Melbourne to Sydney a Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party Salma Hayek flashes her cleavage in chic knitted midi dress as she accepts her prize at the CinemaCon Big Screen Achievement Awards 'I won the role fair and square': Hugh Jackman reveals he had to audition for the lead role in his own movie The Greatest Showman at ComicCon Michael Caine and glamorous wife Shakira join Morgan Freeman at the star-studded Going In Style world premiere in NYC Legend unite This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Footballer Harry Kane's girlfriend Kate Goodland shows off her trim post-baby body in skinny jeans two months after giving birth on night out in London Brood it like Beckham: David Beckham looks sultry in black and white for Hong Kong magazine cover shoot International cover superstar Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' On top form! The Grand Tour host Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with daughter Isabella... as he recovers from high speed motorbike crash Glum Vanessa Paradis looks less than impressed as she sports head-to-toe gold body paint for her role as a living STATUE on the set of Big Bang 'Julian is trying to free the world, I love him for this': Pamela Anderson reveals her feelings for Assange in rambling blog on sex and 'faking orgasms' Rehearsal drinks! Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic gather with loved ones including brother Karl and Richard Wilkins at Kangaroo Valley pub the night before their wedding Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 'It's overwhelming': Widower Rio Ferdinand shares sweet snap of him with his three kids as he thanks fans for their support after emotional documentary All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning Who says three's a crowd? Newly-divorced Nick Knowles parties with two leggy ladies as he hits the town in London Back on the market The frill of it all! TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off her sensational figure in quirky flares as she hits the town with new love interest Dan Edgar Shannen Doherty looks healthy and happy as she stops by a farmers' market in Malibu just weeks after completing breast cancer treatment Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  More money than sense! James Corden fills tank of his $192K Aston Martin at more expensive full serve pump He's really made it Ab-tastic! Sofia Richie shows off her toned physique as she has a pool day with English reality star Vas J Morgan From TOWIE to wowie 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Does she get your vote? Scarlett Johansson mulls running for office in the future as she reveals a long-held interest in local politics  Yummy mummies! Pregnant Irina Shayk dons long-sleeved shirt and slippers as she stocks up on strawberries with mother Olga 'It's every girl's dream': Hugh Jackman SAVED an unwitting Zac Efron from a burning building on set as faulty pyrotechnics put his life in danger 'It's a blessing from God': Michael Bublé's brother-in-law praises singer's return to Argentina as son Noah, three, recovers from cancer treatment She's specs-y and she knows it! Gigi Hadid rocks zany orange glasses and a bright tangerine hoodie as she steps out in NYC Bright young thing  A Birkin bag's too heavy for me now, says Jane Birkin, 70: Actress says she prefers to fill her pockets 'like a man'  Inspired one of the most exclusive bags in history Not her best look: Kendall Jenner tucks oversized button-down into Daisy Dukes for outing with sister Kim Kardashian in LA Bizarre combo Kourtney Kardashian goes uber-glam in LBD as she enjoys girls' night out with Larsa Pippen at WeHo hotspot Catch LA Single and mingling Cindy Crawford shares snap of baby grows emblazoned with Tequila brand... after George joked pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after it 'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news George's final resting place: Singer is buried next to his beloved mother Lesley at Highgate Cemetery in a 'makeshift tomb'  After private funeral Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Ten years at the top! Aussie actress Naomi Watts beams on stage as she accepts Decade of Achievement In Film award at CinemaCon in Las Vegas Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  Who's that girl? Grinning Justin Bieber FaceTimes with mystery girl while completing gruelling hike in Brazil Got to keep up with his female fans Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Sleek and chic: Chloe Grace Moretz pairs stylish new platinum 'do with plunging bedazzled motorcycle jacket at glitzy event Seriously edgy new look EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton opens up about the dark side of fame to Dr Phil and how she exhausted herself by working which left her in a psychiatric hold 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . A vision in white! Naomi Watts displays svelte figure in sheer lace dress as she receives CinemaCon award Lovely in lace 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Cop a look at me! Hailey Baldwin puts on a very busty display while singing along to The Police Showed off her figure while singing along Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Steph Davis claims her Twitter was HACKED after penning her love for Jeremy McConnell... following his sharing of a sweet family photo with their son Caben-Albi Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach A family affair: Patricia Arquette joins brothers David and Richmond to honor their late sister Alexis at charity benefit in LA United in grief Susan Sarandon enjoys SoHo stroll with mystery man... after FaceTiming granddaughter with Elmo Family focused 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Blade of Conan! Arnold Schwarzenegger jokes 'some things never change' as he cuts Patrick's hair off... and shares sweet flashback photo Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique Her shining moment! Selena Gomez dazzles in a strapless tangerine dress as she attends the premiere for the series she produced 13 Reasons Why Back in business! Lamar Odom boasts 'another great meeting' following bombshell interview filled with drug and cheating revelations Comeback trail Style and the city: Kate Hudson looks chic as she rocks long green coat and flared trousers in New York Looked high fashion in the Big Apple Kate Mara gives just a peek of her slim torso in a loose top and trousers as she runs errands in West Hollywood Running errands in West Hollywood That's aviary nice dress! Jessica Chastain rocks bird cage frock as she is named Female Star Of The Year at CinemaCon Ruffling feathers Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Croda International Plc (CRDA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. AO World PLC (AO) Given New GBX 140 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. KB Home (KBH) Sets New 1-Year High Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Buy Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) on Weakness After Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Flex Ltd (FLEX) to Hold Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Receives $42.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set American Tower Corp (AMT) Price Target at $125.70 Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA)‘s stock had its “neutral” rating reiterated by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research note issued to investors on Friday. They presently have a GBX 585 ($7.35) target price on the insurance provider’s stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target would suggest a potential downside of 0.09% from the company’s previous close. A number of other research firms also recently commented on RSA. Macquarie reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.53) price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 680 ($8.55) to GBX 690 ($8.67) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Monday, March 6th. Canaccord Genuity upgraded shares of RSA Insurance Group plc to a “buy” rating and increased their price objective for the company from GBX 640 ($8.04) to GBX 655 ($8.23) in a report on Monday, February 27th. HSBC Holdings plc increased their price objective on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($7.92) to GBX 695 ($8.73) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Shore Capital reiterated a “sell” rating on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Wednesday, February 8th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the stock. RSA Insurance Group plc currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 588.67 ($7.40). RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) opened at 583.50 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 592.47 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 564.54. The stock’s market cap is GBX 5.87 billion. RSA Insurance Group plc has a 12 month low of GBX 425.60 and a 12 month high of GBX 617.50. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 12th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 2nd will be given a dividend of GBX 11 ($0.14) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a dividend yield of 1.82%. This is a boost from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/rsa-insurance-group-plcs-rsa-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About RSA Insurance Group plc RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers, through brokers and affinity partners, principally in the United Kingdom and Ireland, Scandinavia and Canada. It operates through segments, including Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AO World PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Croda International Plc (CRDA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. AO World PLC (AO) Given New GBX 140 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. KB Home (KBH) Sets New 1-Year High Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Buy Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) on Weakness After Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Flex Ltd (FLEX) to Hold Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Receives $42.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set American Tower Corp (AMT) Price Target at $125.70 Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% AO World PLC (AO) Given New GBX 140 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet AO World PLC (LON:AO) had its price target lowered by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 200 ($2.51) to GBX 140 ($1.76) in a report released on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price would indicate a potential downside of 0.71% from the company’s current price. A number of other research analysts have also commented on AO. Panmure Gordon restated a “sell” rating and issued a GBX 123 ($1.55) price objective on shares of AO World PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Shore Capital restated a “hold” rating on shares of AO World PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Numis Securities Ltd restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.14) price objective on shares of AO World PLC in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Morgan Stanley lowered shares of AO World PLC to an “underweight” rating and dropped their price objective for the company from GBX 170 ($2.14) to GBX 135 ($1.70) in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has given a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 164.83 ($2.07). AO World PLC (LON:AO) opened at 138.80 on Friday. AO World PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 119.60 and a 52-week high of GBX 198.00. The company’s 50 day moving average is GBX 149.20 and its 200 day moving average is GBX 164.82. The firm’s market cap is GBX 584.42 million. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/ao-world-plc-ao-given-new-gbx-140-price-target-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About AO World PLC AO World Plc is an online retailer of electrical products. The Company operates through two segments: online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in the UK, and online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in Europe (excluding the United Kingdom). The Company offers over 5,500 stock keeping units (SKUs) in the United Kingdom, approximately 2,000 in Germany and over 600 in the Netherlands. Receive News & Ratings for AO World PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Petra Diamonds Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Croda International Plc (CRDA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. AO World PLC (AO) Given New GBX 140 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. KB Home (KBH) Sets New 1-Year High Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Buy Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) on Weakness After Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Flex Ltd (FLEX) to Hold Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Receives $42.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set American Tower Corp (AMT) Price Target at $125.70 Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reissued by stock analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued on Friday. They presently have a GBX 170 ($2.14) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 25.18% from the company’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently commented on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 165 ($2.07) price objective on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Panmure Gordon restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 152 ($1.91) price target on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a report on Monday, February 20th. Liberum Capital restated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 190 ($2.39) price target on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a report on Monday, February 20th. FinnCap cut their price target on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited from GBX 213 ($2.68) to GBX 203 ($2.55) and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Monday, February 20th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 160 ($2.01) price target on shares of Petra Diamonds Limited in a report on Monday, February 13th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the stock. Petra Diamonds Limited currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 171.50 ($2.16). Petra Diamonds Limited (LON:PDL) opened at 134.40 on Friday. Petra Diamonds Limited has a 12 month low of GBX 98.50 and a 12 month high of GBX 173.60. The stock’s market cap is GBX 707.94 million. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 139.41 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 145.83. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/petra-diamonds-limiteds-pdl-overweight-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Petra Diamonds Limited Petra Diamonds Limited is an independent diamond mining company and supplier of rough diamonds to the international market. The Company’s segments include Mining and Exploration. The Mining segment includes the extraction and sale of rough diamonds from mining operations in South Africa and Tanzania. Receive News & Ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Petra Diamonds Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acacia Mining PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Receives GBX 475.91 Consensus PT from Analysts Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Earns “Buy” Rating from MKM Partners C R Bard Inc (BCR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aviva Plc (AVVIY) to Sell Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) PT Lowered to $4.00 Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) was downgraded by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. They presently have a GBX 500 ($6.28) target price on the stock, down from their previous target price of GBX 610 ($7.67). JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price indicates a potential upside of 12.44% from the stock’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on ACA. Barclays PLC reissued an “equal weight” rating and set a GBX 390 ($4.90) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Friday, January 20th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 550 ($6.91) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 550 ($6.91) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Canaccord Genuity reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 445 ($5.59) price target on shares of Acacia Mining PLC in a research note on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG increased their price target on Acacia Mining PLC from GBX 540 ($6.79) to GBX 600 ($7.54) and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 445.62 ($5.60). Acacia Mining PLC (LON:ACA) opened at 436.20 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 483.42 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 452.38. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 1.79 billion. Acacia Mining PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 260.20 and a 1-year high of GBX 615.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 31st. Stockholders of record on Thursday, May 4th will be paid a dividend of GBX 0.08 ($0.00) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 4th. This is an increase from Acacia Mining PLC’s previous dividend of $0.03. This represents a dividend yield of 1.34%. WARNING: “Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright law. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/acacia-mining-plc-aca-rating-lowered-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Acacia Mining PLC Company Profile Acacia Mining Plc (Acacia), formerly African Barrick Gold Plc, is a gold miner and producer of gold in Africa. The Company is engaged in the mining, processing and sale of gold business. Its segments are North Mara gold mine, Bulyanhulu gold mine, Buzwagi gold mine, and Corporate and Exploration segment. Receive News & Ratings for Acacia Mining PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Mining PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan is in talks to buy a Dublin office that can hold 1,000 people Oscar Williams-Grut Mar. 31, 2017, 3:14 AM 869 facebook linkedin twitter email print Office blocks under construction in the Capital Dock area of Dublin, where JPMorgan is looking to buy. REUTERS/Clodagh Kilcoyne LONDON — JPMorgan looks close to choosing Dublin, Republic of Ireland, as its post-Brexit European Union base. The investment bank is in talks to buy a Dublin office building that can hold up to 1,000 people, as first reported by Bloomberg. However, the bank said in a statement to Bloomberg: "Other options are still very much on the table." JPMorgan's management have emphasised this message to staff in an internal memo. Mary Erdoes, asset and wealth management, and Daniel Pinto, head of corporate and investment bank, said the bank has "choices in terms of locations and legal entity structure," in a memo sent to all staff and reported by the Times. JPMorgan has 16,000 UK staff across London and Birmingham. CEO Jamie Dimon has repeatedly warned since last year's vote to leave the European Union that Brexit would lead to job relocations. The bank's Dublin talks are part of a wave of Brexit planning currently underway by financials and other multinational companies. Insurance market Lloyd's of London on Thursday announced it is opening a Brussels subsidiary to satisfy EU law, while easyJet said earlier this week that it is close to announcing plans for a new European hub. Citi is also assessing its options. James Cowles, Citi’s chief executive for EMEA, said in a memo to staff reported by the Guardian: "A hard Brexit would require certain changes, including relocating certain client-facing roles to the EU from the UK, and the possible creation of a new broker-dealer entity within the EU. "Citi has been discussing our options with representatives from a number of different countries, as well as with our clients." Financial firms are concerned that the UK will lose passporting rights in Brexit. Passporting rights allow companies to sell goods and services across the EU from wherever they are based within it, rather than being re-regulated in each country. Prime Minister Theresa May has signalled she is willing to give up passporting rights and access to the EU Single Market in exchange for regaining full control over EU migration to Britain, pursuing a so-called "hard Brexit." Dublin would enable a bank like JPMorgan to maintain access to the EU market by relocating services, and therefore jobs, to the city. Other locations under consideration by financial firms include Frankfurt, Paris, Amsterdam, and Berlin. Ken Odeluga, a market analyst at City Index, says in an email: "Investors are bracing for a hit from any slowing of the economy and subsequent fall in asset prices, though the most widely noted risk is around what is known as 'passporting': the ability of financial companies to offer their services within the European Union without regulatory restrictions. "UK-based financials have also been in focus as they are thought to be among the most likely to relocate staff to other EU countries for similar reasons. There has even been speculation that some might uproot themselves entirely—re-domicile—with attendant impact on market sentiment and even the wider economy."   NOW WATCH: Robert Shiller on what a rate hike will do to asset prices and who Trump shouldn't put in charge of the fed Loading video... More: Brexit JPMorgan Dublin EU Passporting Banking Jobs Apester Poll facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan is in talks to buy a Dublin office that can hold 1,000 people JPMorgan is in talks to buy a Dublin office that can hold 1,000 people LONDON — JPMorgan looks close to choosing... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics TSLA SHLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More BlackBerry (BBRY) pops by 14% early Friday on Q4 earnings beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Snap Inc (SNAP) and United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) AAPL and SNAP get on analysts' good side, while UAL is fed to the Twitter mob over leggings Mar 27, 2017, 7:59 am EDT  |  By Karl Utermohlen, InvestorPlace Writer Get AAPL alerts: Submit     View All   Monday could see the stock markets mired in red ink again as global and domestic traders alike continue to digest not just the failure of House Republicans to push their first major bill — healthcare reform — forward, but also an unrelenting current of new developments in the ongoing investigation between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. This morning, the spotlight moves to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP), which have some new analyst optimism to boast, as well as United Continental Holdings Inc (NYSE:UAL) … which right now likely wishes it could duck back into the shadows. Here’s what you need to know heading into Monday’s trading: Apple Inc. (AAPL) Apple is on the receiving end of a pair of wins — one on the analyst front, and one in the courts. JPMorgan Chase, which already has an “Overweight” rating on AAPL stock, raised its price target from $142 to $165, implying roughly 18% upside from current prices. The catalyst? JPMorgan sees high pent-up replacement demand at the same time Apple is gearing up to launch a 10th-anniversary iPhone. From analyst Rod Hall: “Our F2018 unit forecast moves up to 260m units from our prior 245m estimate. We also take a detailed look at OLED supply to Apple and conclude that this should not be a limiting factor but probably will keep Apple from making two OLED models. Multiple iPhone “Pro” features including 3D facial scanning, a glass heavy design, and a structured-light-enabled camera look likely to us and should drive users to upgrade phones that are older, on average, than they have been for four years.” JPMorgan also upped its earnings estimates on AAPL from to $11.74 per share in calendar year 2018. Also, over the weekend, a court overturned a 2016 ruling that said Apple violated patent designs of China’s Shenzhen Baili — a now-defunct company that “barely existed” when it sued Apple over the design of its iPhone 6. While Apple faced an early injunction, it has been able to sell phones during the case, and thus the court victory, while encouraging, likely has no serious financial implications. AAPL shares still are threatening to open Monday’s trading lower, along with the rest of the market. United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) United Continental is in hot PR water after refusing to let two passengers on a plane. Two girls traveling from Denver to Minneapolis were wearing leggings when they were refused entry onto a plane. The incident itself was fairly calm, and a group behind the girls even offered clothes to help cover one of the girls to meet compliance. However, social media went ballistic when someone who witnessed the event tweeted it out. United’s initial response was that the company “shall have the right to refuse passengers who are not properly clothed,” though later on, the airline updated its response to note that the policy had to do with a specific perks program. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/3-stocks-to-watch-on-monday-apple-inc-aapl-snap-inc-snap-and-united-continental-holdings-inc-ual/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for Q2 3 Blue-Chip Tech Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds to Buy Now 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 3 Blue-Chip Technology Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market Most Popular 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 4 Tech Stocks That Are Breaking Out (Or Will Soon) The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT ETF Focus How to Make Sense of Europe ETFs Investing in Europe is starting to look appealing—especially in the financial sector. But investors need to look at the sector allocation and hedging strategies of Europe ETFs. By Crystal Kim Biography April 1, 2017 The United Kingdom government invoked Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty on Wednesday, triggering a two-year countdown for the U.K. and the European Union to agree on terms. The headlines are calling it a divorce, but on Wall Street, Brexit appears to be more of a conscious uncoupling, as European stock indexes rose slightly. As fears of political and economic instability in Europe have waned, the bulls are running. Some $1.5 billion has gone into Europe-focused exchange-traded funds in the last week, the largest inflow in... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Saturday, April 01, 2017 2:56 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 25°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wall Street’s rock-solid quarter ends with a loss Saturday April 1, 2017 10:06 AM GMT+8 ICYMI First test flight of Boeing’s newest, biggest Dreamliner Police say yes to Nazri-Dr M dialogue session at Karangkraf The Edit: Lazada now has dating app called Lovezada The Edit: Coldplay’s stellar performance in Singapore Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A specialist trader works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange March 30, 2017. — Reuters picNEW YORK, April 1 — Wall Street fell yesterday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending yesterday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. “Valuations are as stretched as they ever get,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W Baird & Co in Nashville. “Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow.” Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 per cent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 per cent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 per cent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 per cent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 per cent. The weakest has been energy, down 7.3 per cent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell yesterday, with the financial index down 0.72 per cent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 per cent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 per cent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 per cent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 per cent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 per cent Amazon.com rose 1.16 per cent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017.                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week 'Shocking' Bombardier pay decried by Quebec after public aid Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Activist targets GM share structure, board Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Activist targets GM share structure, board Nothing in this region comes close to Pengerang Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Star-studded lineup in 'War Machine' Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Wall Street slips as investors lock in gains of strong quarter US stocks fluctuate as dollar erases gain on Trump Wall Street set to open slightly lower over Trump’s policy stumble US stocks slump as market digests Trump health setback Wall Street opens higher; healthcare Bill vote awaited Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Northrop Grumman Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 58,673 Shares in Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Acquired by TrueNorth Inc. Macquarie Group Ltd. Sells 579,340 Shares of Paypal Holdings Inc (PYPL) Macquarie Group Ltd. Boosts Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Invests $1,352,000 in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) New Century Investment Management Inc. Has $1,352,000 Stake in Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Cut by Macquarie Group Ltd. Traders Sell Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) on Strength After Insider Selling Touchstone Exploration Inc (TXP) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Ezra Gardner Buys 1,900 Shares of Fortress Paper Ltd. (FTP) Stock AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock Paul M. Silva Sells 1,688 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Director Ruth Ann Marshall Sells 6,046 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Dow Chemical (DOW) Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macquarie Group Ltd. decreased its position in Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) by 3.8% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 3,226,082 shares of the company’s stock after selling 128,108 shares during the period. Northrop Grumman makes up 1.4% of Macquarie Group Ltd.’s portfolio, making the stock its 24th largest position. Macquarie Group Ltd.’s holdings in Northrop Grumman were worth $750,323,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in NOC. State Street Corp increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 0.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 19,928,687 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,635,011,000 after buying an additional 98,951 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 42.1% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,786,442 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,810,970,000 after buying an additional 2,307,519 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 12.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,938,953 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,057,262,000 after buying an additional 533,364 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 0.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 4,832,167 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,033,842,000 after buying an additional 20,139 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in Northrop Grumman by 4.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,506,803 shares of the company’s stock valued at $536,331,000 after buying an additional 112,394 shares during the last quarter. 81.81% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $237.84. The company had a trading volume of 964,883 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $41.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.51 and a beta of 0.69. Northrop Grumman Co. has a 12-month low of $198.75 and a 12-month high of $253.80. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $241.96 and its 200 day moving average is $232.86. Northrop Grumman (NYSE:NOC) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 26th. The company reported $2.96 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $2.49 by $0.47. The firm earned $6.40 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $5.92 billion. Northrop Grumman had a return on equity of 35.74% and a net margin of 8.98%. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 12.3% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $2.49 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Northrop Grumman Co. will post $11.87 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Monday, March 6th were issued a dividend of $0.90 per share. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 2nd. This represents a $3.60 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.51%. Northrop Grumman’s dividend payout ratio is 29.53%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/northrop-grumman-co-noc-stake-lowered-by-macquarie-group-ltd.html. NOC has been the subject of several recent analyst reports. Robert W. Baird reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $260.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman in a report on Friday, January 20th. Vetr raised Northrop Grumman from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $253.00 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Citigroup Inc downgraded Northrop Grumman from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $253.80 to $185.08 in a report on Wednesday, March 1st. Wolfe Research raised Northrop Grumman from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 27th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “hold” rating and issued a $243.00 price objective on shares of Northrop Grumman in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Northrop Grumman has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $242.76. In other news, VP Christopher T. Jones sold 240 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $234.38, for a total transaction of $56,251.20. Following the completion of the sale, the vice president now owns 46,820 shares in the company, valued at $10,973,671.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Kenneth L. Bedingfield sold 125 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $234.38, for a total value of $29,297.50. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 18,126 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $4,248,371.88. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 940 shares of company stock valued at $219,834. Corporate insiders own 0.90% of the company’s stock. About Northrop Grumman Northrop Grumman Corporation is a global security company. The Company provides products, systems and solutions in autonomous systems; cyber; command, control, communications and computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR); strike, and logistics and modernization. The Company’s segments include Aerospace Systems, Mission Systems and Technology Services. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NOC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Northrop Grumman Co. (NYSE:NOC). Receive News & Ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Northrop Grumman Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market» Market Updates A TSX tote board is pictured in Toronto in this file photo. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press) A TSX tote board is pictured in Toronto in this file photo. (Frank Gunn/The Canadian Press) The close: TSX ends lower despite BlackBerry jump Add to ... Reuters Published Friday, Mar. 31, 2017 4:30PM EDT Last updated Friday, Mar. 31, 2017 4:34PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada’s main stock index ended modestly lower on Friday, weighed by financial and railway companies, though better-than-expected results from BlackBerry offset some of the losses as its stock surged. Shortly after the closing bell, the Toronto Stock Exchange’s S&P/TSX composite index was down 31.01 points, or 0.2 per cent, at 15,547.75. BlackBerry Ltd, which said it expects to be profitable on an adjusted basis in 2018 and nearly halved its operating costs, was one of the bright spots in the market. Shares surged 11.1 per cent to $10.30. The most influential movers on the index included Royal Bank of Canada, which fell 1 per cent to $96.89, and Bank of Nova Scotia, which declined 1.1 per cent to $77.80. Bank of Montreal slipped 0.5 per cent to $99.33. CIBC, which fell nearly 3 per cent on Thursday after it raised its offer for PrivateBancorp Inc, recouped some of the previous session’s losses, rising 0.8 per cent to $114.67. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market’s lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 per cent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 per cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. “Valuations are as stretched as they ever get,” said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. “Certainly that’s cause for concern if earnings don’t grow the way they are anticipated to grow.” Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 per cent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 per cent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 per cent. The weakest has been energy, down 7.3 per cent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 per cent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 per cent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 per cent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 per cent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 per cent after it agreed to buy DuPont’s crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 per cent to a record high. An index of world stocks dipped on Friday as investors locked in a quarterly gain that has given equities their best start to a year since 2012, while oil prices finished their worst quarter since 2015. Emerging market equities fell the most, with the MSCI emerging markets index down 0.9 per cent on Friday. MSCI’s EM stocks index is up 12.5 per cent on a dollar-adjusted basis. Equities saw profit-taking as traders squared up for the quarter. There was remaining nervousness over South Africa’s sacking of its respected finance minister, which sent the rand tumbling again. World stocks as measured by the MSCI world equity index were down 0.3 per cent on Friday but up 6.6 per cent for the quarter so far. In commondities, U.S. oil prices ended slightly higher on the day but had their worst quarterly decline since 2015. Brent oil settled down 13 cents at $52.83, while U.S. crude futures rose 25 cents to settle at $50.60. U.S. Treasury debt yields were mostly lower after New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley said the central bank was not in a huge rush to tighten monetary policy since the economy is not overheating. Ten-year notes were up 2/32 in price to yield 2.410 per cent, compared with 2.418 per cent on Thursday. In an interview with Bloomberg TV, Mr. Dudley, a permanent voter on the Federal Open Market Committee and a known supporter of low interest rates, said a couple more rate increases in 2017 seem reasonable but that there is no great urgency. The dollar index was near flat after Mr. Dudley’s comments and following uninspiring data on the U.S. economy. Over the quarter the greenback has fallen 1.8 percent, its worst showing in a year, on doubts that U.S. President Donald Trump was not prioritizing - and did not have the necessary power to push through Congress - the economic reforms that had driven the dollar to 14-year highs at the start of the year. Next week promises to be an interesting start to the second quarter. Trump and Chinese President Xi Jinping will meet in Florida and the U.S. president has set the tone for a tense few days by tweeting that Washington could no longer tolerate massive trade deficits and job losses. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash (The Globe and Mail)   BB-TBlackBerry Ltd Latest Price$10.30 +1.03 (+11.11%) CM-TCanadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Latest Price$114.67 +0.89 (+0.78%) BMO-TBank of Montreal Latest Price$99.33 -0.51 (-0.51%) XOM-NExxon Mobil Corp Latest Price$82.01 -1.69 (-2.02%) BNS-TBank of Nova Scotia Latest Price$77.80 -0.83 (-1.06%) RY-TRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$96.89 -0.98 (-1.00%) TD-TToronto-Dominion Bank Latest Price$66.61 +0.39 (+0.59%) CL-FTCrude Oil Front Month Futures Latest Price$50.85 +0.50 (+0.99%) TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,547.75 -31.01 (-0.20%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,663.22 -65.27 (-0.31%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price5,911.74 -2.61 (-0.04%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,362.72 -5.34 (-0.23%) Updated March 31 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story The week's most oversold and overbought stocks on the TSX Investor Newsletter What to do every time you see a scary headline; a hot dividend stock; and banks take over the TSX Inside the Market Calendar: What investors need to know for the week ahead Topics Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce Bank of Montreal Toronto Stock Exchange Inc. TSX Group S&P Company BlackBerry Ltd. Royal Bank of Canada Exxon Mobil Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Video: Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash News Pollution in deep Pacific devastating Earth: study News Opinion: Saunders: GOP failure in Congress is derailing of Trump train Report on Business Two U.S. dividend ETFs that offer low costs and good diversification Sports Scott Moir on skating with Tessa Virtue for 20 years News New trade orders set stage for manufacturing revival, Trump says Sports Kaetlyn Osmond wants more ‘hype’ around skating in Canada Report on Business Trudeau defends Bombardier loan after executive pay hike News Five Eyes: The spy network that can track nearly any communication you make Arts Stolen Norman Rockwell painting returned after 40 Years Report on Business Markets on alert for 'Trump tantrum' News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive With increased computerization comes growing fear of hacking into cars Report on Business Female entrepreneurs tread into male-dominated world of tech startups More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Sentry, former CEO reach settlement with OSC Arts McMichael Collection names British art historian as new director Most popular The 2016 ‘Sunshine List’: Which Ontario public servants earned more than $100,000? April 1: Your daily horoscope Bombardier chairman requests pay reduction amid public outrage U.S. has trade surplus with Canada, Freeland says The Conservatives’ unease about the ‘whole gay thing’ X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 161/4 (30.3) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech US STOCKS-Wall Street's rock-solid quarter ends with a loss Shares1 Sat, 1 Apr 2017-01:57am , Reuters Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow." Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy, down 7.3 percent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 percent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech Great news for users: Reliance Jio Prime Members scheme extended till April 15 Sci/Tech Free Reliance Jio ends today: The best plans you can still avail on the last day! Sci/Tech Brain's positioning system also helps form new memories, claims study Sci/Tech Oculus co-founder Palmer Luckey gone from Facebook Sci/Tech 'Fuzzy' fibres bring next-gen rocket engines closer to reality Sci/Tech Microsoft introduces yet another AI chatbot called Ruuh Live Cricket Score Live SL 161/4 (30.3) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video Watch: Indian skipper Virat Kohli recieves Padma Shri Award Watch | This heart-wrenching true story of a transgender mother has all the right feels! WATCH | This Sikh man has a unique way to protest hate crimes in the US! View all Tags DuPont Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase Nashville Robert W. Baird Thomson Reuters Wells Fargo S&P Dow Exxon Mobil Nasdaq Composite Amazon Bruce Bittles Dow Jones Industrial Average NYSE Robert W. Baird & Co Thomson Reuters I/B/E U. S. Wall Street Wells Fargo & Co SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News MP Govt vows to reform Romeos, bring bill to hang rapists Macau gambling revenue rises 18 pct in March as high rollers return Shame on you Mr Parrikar and your hunger for Power, tweets Digvijaya Singh Centre seems to be 'unperturbed' by farmers' issues Stalin WORLD NEWS SCHEDULE AT 0600 GMT/2 AM ET @ 4/1/2017 11:36:41 AM Sport Cricket-Ashwin, Vijay to miss IPL, Kohli out for part of tournament Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Basketball-Connecticut's 111-game winning streak ended by buzzer beater Entertainment FLASHBACK: When Shah Rukh Khan asked Priyanka Chopra if she would marry a star like him! Kevin Spacey, Michelle Williams to star in Ridley Scott's next BREAKING! Sunil Grover BACK on The Kapil Sharma Show! Akshay Kumar has a unique way to promote 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' Laila singer Pawni Pandey takes a DIG at Priyanka Chopra and Parineeti Chopra! Money Maruti sales rise 8.1 pc in March at 1,39,763 units ED raids over 100 locations to crackdown over 300 shell companies India to grow at 7.7 pc in 2018; EMs face newer challenges: FM SBI begins operations as merged entity from April 1 New fiscal year, new rules: From insurance premium to income tax rules, here's what changes from April 1 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News SLM Corporation Prices Public Offering of Senior Notes NEWARK, Del.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM), formally SLM Corporation, today announced that it priced its public offering of $200 million aggregate principal amount of 5.125 percent Senior Notes due April 5, 2022 at par. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC are acting as joint book-running managers. The notes are expected to be issued on April 5, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. SLM intends to use the net proceeds to redeem its outstanding 6.97 percent Series A preferred stock and for general corporate purposes. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. A copy may be obtained by contacting one of the following: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Ave New York, NY 10179 1-212-834-4533 RBC Capital Markets, LLC Three World Financial Center 200 Vesey Street, 8th floor New York, New York 10281-8098 Attention: Prospectus Department 1-866-375-6829 An effective registration statement is on file with the SEC, and a copy of the base prospectus and related prospectus supplement will also be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM) is the nation’s saving, planning, and paying for college company. Whether college is a long way off or just around the corner, Sallie Mae offers products that promote responsible personal finance, including private education loans, Upromise rewards, scholarship search, college financial planning tools, and online retail banking. Commonly known as Sallie Mae, SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America. This press release contains “forward-looking statements” and information based on management’s current expectations as of the date of this release. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the company’s beliefs, opinions or expectations and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on Feb. 24, 2017) and subsequent filings with the SEC; increases in financing costs; limits on liquidity; increases in costs associated with compliance with laws and regulations; failure to comply with consumer protection, banking and other laws; changes in accounting standards and the impact of related changes in significant accounting estimates; any adverse outcomes in any significant litigation to which the company is a party; credit risk associated with the company’s exposure to third parties, including counterparties to the company’s derivative transactions; and changes in the terms of education loans and the educational credit marketplace (including changes resulting from new laws and the implementation of existing laws). The company could also be affected by, among other things: changes in its funding costs and availability; reductions to its credit ratings; failures or breaches of its operating systems or infrastructure, including those of third-party vendors; damage to its reputation; risks associated with restructuring initiatives, including failures to successfully implement cost-cutting and restructuring initiatives and the adverse effects of such initiatives on the company’s business; changes in the demand for educational financing or in financing preferences of lenders, educational institutions, students and their families; changes in law and regulations with respect to the student lending business and financial institutions generally; changes in banking rules and regulations, including increased capital requirements; increased competition from banks and other consumer lenders; the creditworthiness of its customers; changes in the general interest rate environment, including the rate relationships among relevant money-market instruments and those of its earning assets versus its funding arrangements; rates of prepayments on the loans made by the company and its subsidiaries; changes in general economic conditions and the company’s ability to successfully effectuate any acquisitions; and other strategic initiatives. The preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements also requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates or assumptions may prove to be incorrect. All forward-looking statements contained in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements and are made only as of the date of this release. The company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Goldberg Law PC Announces the Filing of a Securities Class Action Lawsuit against U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. Next PostNext Triethylene Glycol Dimethacrylate (TEGDMA) Market by Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast & Regional Analysis by 2021 Search Recent Posts Marksmen Announces Final Closing of Private Placement Marathon Gold Announces 2016 Financial Results Dr. Alfred Ntoko Joins National University as Dean of the School of Business and Management VARGO to present three seminars at ProMat CBP to Implement Executive Order: Establishing Enhanced Collection and Enforcement of Antidumping and Countervailing Duties and Violations of Trade and Customs Laws Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wall Street's rock-solid quarter ends with a loss News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wall Street's rock-solid quarter ends with a loss Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Posted 31 Mar 2017 21:35 A specialist trader works at his post on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York, U.S., March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid - Enlarge Caption  Email More A A REUTERS: Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow." Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy , down 7.3 percent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 percent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows. About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and James Dalgleish) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 163/4 (31.1) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money US STOCKS-Rock-solid quarter on Wall Street ending with a whimper Shares1 Sat, 1 Apr 2017-12:27am , Reuters Wall Street edged lower on Friday, held down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit a series of record highs following the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from a raft of robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 is on track to end 5.6 percent higher with the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 4.5 pct, their biggest first-quarter gains in four years. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way the are anticipated to grow." At 2:25 pm ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.28 percent at 20,671.29 points, while the S&P 500 had lost 0.10 percent to 2,365.55. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.02 percent to 5,915.42. Six of the 11 major S&P sectors fell, with the financial index down 0.57 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.32 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 0.78 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 1.92 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.77 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.39 percent Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&P and the Nasdaq, with a 1.3 percent gain. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.52-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&P 500 posted 16 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 87 new highs and 15 new lows. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Auto dealers are selling BS III cars in bulk to get around ban: EPCA Money RBI closes demonetization deposit window for Indians abroad; NRIs can still queue up Money Small savings schemes will fetch 0.1% less interest now Money GST Council to discuss, decide tax rates in May Money Kudakulam nuclear plant's second unit starts operations Money Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77 per litre, diesel price down by Rs 2.91 per litre Live Cricket Score Live SL 163/4 (31.1) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Monsanto India vs govt battle gives birth to new industry association Monsanto taking a closer look at Bayer's acquisition proposal DuPont to cut 1,700 jobs in US in bid to restructure Video Watch: Indian skipper Virat Kohli recieves Padma Shri Award Watch | This heart-wrenching true story of a transgender mother has all the right feels! WATCH | This Sikh man has a unique way to protest hate crimes in the US! View all Tags DuPont Donald Trump JPMorgan Chase Nashville Robert W. Baird Thomson Reuters Wells Fargo S&P Dow Jones Dow Jones Industrial Average Exxon Mobil Nasdaq Composite Amazon Bruce Bittles NYSE Robert W. Baird & Co Thomson Reuters I/B/E Wall Street Wells Fargo & Co SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News MP Govt vows to reform Romeos, bring bill to hang rapists Macau gambling revenue rises 18 pct in March as high rollers return Shame on you Mr Parrikar and your hunger for Power, tweets Digvijaya Singh Centre seems to be 'unperturbed' by farmers' issues Stalin WORLD NEWS SCHEDULE AT 0600 GMT/2 AM ET @ 4/1/2017 11:36:41 AM Sport Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Cricket-Ashwin, Vijay to miss IPL, Kohli out for part of tournament Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment FLASHBACK: When Shah Rukh Khan asked Priyanka Chopra if she would marry a star like him! Kevin Spacey, Michelle Williams to star in Ridley Scott's next BREAKING! Sunil Grover BACK on The Kapil Sharma Show! Akshay Kumar has a unique way to promote 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' Laila singer Pawni Pandey takes a DIG at Priyanka Chopra and Parineeti Chopra! Money Shell firms: ED searches at 100 places in 16 states Solar capacity addition estimated at 7~7.5 GW in FY2018, says ICRA Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan confirms target of BS-VI fuel by 2020 Maruti sales rise 8.1 pc in March at 1,39,763 units ED raids over 100 locations to crackdown over 300 shell companies Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad US STOCKS-Rock-solid quarter on Wall Street ending with a whimper By Reuters Published: 14:53 EDT, 31 March 2017 | Updated: 14:53 EDT, 31 March 2017 e-mail By Noel Randewich March 31 (Reuters) - Wall Street edged lower on Friday, held down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit a series of record highs following the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from a raft of robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&amp;P 500 is on track to end 5.6 percent higher with the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 4.5 pct, their biggest first-quarter gains in four years. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&amp;P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird &amp; Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way the are anticipated to grow." At 2:25 pm ET, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 0.28 percent at 20,671.29 points, while the S&amp;P 500 had lost 0.10 percent to 2,365.55. The Nasdaq Composite added 0.02 percent to 5,915.42. Six of the 11 major S&amp;P sectors fell, with the financial index down 0.57 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.32 percent and Wells Fargo &amp; Co lost 0.78 percent. Also weighing on the S&amp;P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 1.92 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.77 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.39 percent Amazon.com was the top stock on the S&amp;P and the Nasdaq, with a 1.3 percent gain. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.52-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.22-to-1 ratio favored advancers. The S&amp;P 500 posted 16 new 52-week highs and 1 new lows; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 87 new highs and 15 new lows. (Additional reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS The white stuff! Kim Kardashian highlights her figure in bodysuit and tight shorts after modeling for Khloe's jeans range 'I'm really scared- I don't want to die': Linda Nolan reveals heart-breaking fears of not growing old with her grandkids... as she addresses shock cancer diagnosis Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, spotted 'packing on the PDA' poolside in Hawaii Seen giggling and hugging in the pool in Waikiki, Hawaii 'Can I leave you to it?' Unwell Gary Barlow walks off The One Show mid-interview... but later tells concerned fans he's 'absolutely fine' after fearing he was 'going to faint live on TV'  The boyband richer than the Beatles: Seven years on from coming third on X Factor, One Direction are worth a quarter of a BILLION. So how DO they splash the cash?  She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED 'What a sick, twisted joke': Coronation Street fans slam 'insensitive' storyline that sees Sally Webster being told her cancer has come back in evil prank 'Plenty of times I've thought about this film and my own life': Liam Neeson admits Love Actually reunion made him reflect on the loss of his wife Natasha Richardson  Kourtney Kardashian strips down to a towel and reveals daily four-step body moisturizing regimen Tips involve organic coconut oil, apple cider vinegar and detox salts MIC's Jess Woodley shows off her figure in tiny yellow bikini in Barbados... just two months after THAT trip with her ex Alex Mytton and Lottie Moss Gary Barlow plans to renew wedding vows with 'amazing wife' Dawn saying it's 'definitely on the agenda' after being married for 17 years Roger Moore was a model, Dorothy Squires his superstar wife determined to make him famous. Then he cheated... and her revenge was pyrotechnic The tight stuff! Glowing Scarlett Moffatt shows off svelte figure in velvet leggings and denim jacket as she leaves Saturday Night Takeaway rehearsals Just tattoo of us! Loved-up Charlotte Crosby and Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear get cosy for cute couple selfie Spoiler-hungry Game Of Thrones fans claim to spot season seven clues in the reflection of an EYE in latest teaser  Like mother, like daughter! Suri Cruise, 10, is a little fashionista in a flared lilac coat as she joins smart and chic Katie Holmes for a New York outing 'Swish!': Kim Kardashian carries son Saint West as he mimics basketball shooting motion in adorable snap Girls night! Kim Kardashian and daughter North West get the full backstage experience at Ariana Grande concert Is she fur-real? Khloe Kardashian wears unusual fuzzy shouldered jacket as she flies out of LAX The 32-year-old made a bold and slightly odd fashion statement 'What has she done to her hands?' Katie Price sparks concern among fans AGAIN after sharing holiday snap of her daughter Bunny, two, in bandages The weight is over! Mama June FINALLY unveils the results of her astounding body transformation on Not To Hot It's been a long road littered with setbacks  Cat Deeley enjoys relaxing mani pedi as she is seen for the first time since 14-month-old son gave her a black eye Spotted with quite the shiner Bending the rules! Adrienne Bailon barely avoids wardrobe malfunction in all white yoga outfit Adrienne Bailon had luck on her side Friday Sylvester Stallone 'leaves The Expendables franchise and turns down $20 MILLION payday' Said to be at odds with movie executive Avi Lerner Ladies who lunch! Selena Gomez embraces assistant Theresa Marie Mingus at Mr. Chow in Beverly Hills Showers bring flowers! Helena Christensen braves the rain to fetch a bouquet of blooms Helena Christensen knows how to weather a storm 'Don't give up': Brie Larson reveals past DJ days as she encourages 'dreamers with day jobs' to persevere Sent a positive and inspirational message Preparing for takeoff? Lisa Vanderpump steps out in Beverly Hills as she dons air hostess inspired outfit The 56-year-old star stepped out in Beverly Hills on Friday  Casual chic: Jenna Elfman looks stylish in white leather jacket over patterned blouse while promoting new series Imaginary Mary at WonderCon Stylish Sofia Richie rocks a sheer lace jumpsuit as she steps out to run errands in Malibu The blonde beauty added a dark grey cardigan Surf's up! Adam Sandler enjoys boogie boarding with his two daughters as wife rocks two-piece bikini in Hawaii Taught his family some tricks on the surf board Fabulous at 52! Courteney Cox slips into a bikini while enjoying beach holiday with daughter Coco Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class Gigi Hadid rocks red, white, and blue in rainy NYC... alongside her personal umbrella holder New poster unveiled for Tom Cruise's summer thriller The Mummy highlights stunning actress Sofia Boutella 'We can't do a reunion without Uncle Phil!' Fresh Prince star Karyn Parsons says they won't make TV return now that star James Avery has died Flying under the radar: Sean Penn looks worse for wear as he makes his way through airport in New York Denim diva! Ashley Tisdale steps out in this season's hottest jean style as she treats herself to some retail therapy  What a catch! Beaming Casey Batchelor proudly shows off her fishing skills as she tries her hand at angling on The Big Fish Off Let them eat cake! Chrissy Teigen cannot stop laughing or tasting the merchandise as she decorates a giant desert while wearing hot pants  'He's very prone to put on weight like I am': Elton John reveals he warned Ed Sheeran against piling on the pounds on break from music Agyness Deyn looks a million miles away from her modelling days as she sports an anorak and casual tracksuit bottoms to film gritty crime drama Travelling in style! Sofia Vergara is casually comfortable in black as she preps for flight out of LAX 'You've got to respect your child's wishes': Rebecca Judd calls for kids to be protected under stronger paparazzi laws... as she signs up her daughter Billie, three, as the face of Mattel's Barbie campaign Dipsy makes a slipsy! Teletubby appears to accidentally grab Lorraine Kelly's breast during flamboyant appearance on her ITV show 'I have a lot of people contacting me': Australian model Sophie Taylor reveals she's been inundated with modelling offers since being pictured with Prince William 'Finally visiting Penny's hometown!' Kaley Cuoco pays homage to her Big Bang Theory character on trip to Nebraska with boyfriend 'I'm a rock chick' Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson debuts new look as she tames long glossy locks into intricate braids  Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class 'I'm not homophobic': Candace Cameron Bure defends herself after being slammed for wearing shirt with phrase made famous by a drag queen Harry's girl Meghan Markle cements her position as a future royal wife in Vanity Fair photoshoot alongside other 'future leaders' including Emma Watson  Bikini time! Kelly Bensimon rocks a stylish white swimsuit while living it up in paradise  50 cent denies feud with Chris Brown amid claims he ditched tour over money Offered scheduling conflicts as the sole reason for leaving Who knew they were friends? Holly Valance gets in on the pre-wedding festivities at the pub as pals Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic prepare to say 'I do' Back on mom duty! Charlize Theron enjoys outing with her two children after work trip to CinemaCon Kenya Moore's ex Matt Jordan was NOT invited to the RHOA reunion... following Moore's restraining order against her former lover No clothes, no problem! Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell goes topless for fashion in Africa 'I like my women thick and orange': CJ Meeks appears to hit out at ex Bianca Gascoigne in Instagram post  On the prowl! Kyle Richards sprints into Beverly Hills department store in leopard patterned top for some speedy shopping Dragging along! Melanie Griffith puffs on a cigarette as she steps out for a leisurely stroll The New York native was enjoying the slower-pace life in sunny California  Terrifying trailer for Stephen King's It clocks 197m views in 24 hours... beating The Fate Of The Furious' 139m record Time to chill! Eden Sassoon shows off her beach body in plunging orange bathing suit during Hawaiian holiday ahead of explosive row on RHOBH Cara Delevingne ditches model glamour for grungy ensemble as she covers up in long hooded coat and baggy trousers for day in NYC Dangerous curves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off physique in plunging leotard and extremely tight blue jeans  'The booty's back!' Ariel Winter channels Kardashian vibes as she flaunts shapely derriere in revealing bodysuit How Goldie Hawn keeps her sparkle at 71: Actress shares sneak peek at her beauty regimen while relaxing in negligee with hair curlers 'God bless Kendrick Lamar!' Rapper earns very enthusiastic praise online after celebrating women's STRETCH MARKS in a new 'body positive' song Rock chic! Alice Dellal opts for edgy look in a leather jacket with a dishevelled ponytail as she lounges outside a London gym Busty Ferne McCann displays her slender midriff in a tropical blue bikini and skirt ensemble as she enjoys her sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives He's back! Orlando Bloom returns from the sea after decade long absence in new Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 trailer 'I've kept it very private for years and years': Alec Baldwin reveals he overdosed on drugs in his twenties Suns out buns out! Joanna Krupa poses for yet another cheeky naked picture by the pool SPOILER ALERT: William Roache spotted on Corrie set after Ken Barlow was violently pushed down the stairs... as soap gears up for whodunnit storyline Baby kisses! Zoe Saldana's husband Marco cuddles up to their six-week old son Zen   Imogen Thomas poses up a storm as she takes a stream of busty selfies while soaking up the Miami sunshine in a skimpy black bikini Selfie obsessed Justin Bieber puts on a cosy display with a mystery brunette in Rio de Janeiro as he leans in for a kiss in the back of his limo She didn't seem too keen Tie me up! LeAnn Rimes wears bodysuit with deep plunging neckline for flight to LAX She was not shy in a white, long-sleeve bodysuit  'It shouldn't be a big deal in the 21st century': Actress Pearl Mackie will play Doctor Who's first openly gay companion... and admits it's 'about time' 'It hit me like a gut punch': Walking Dead star Daniel Newman comes out as gay on Twitter... before explaining why in powerful YouTube message 'It rocked my world': Luke Bryan reflects on his big brother Chris' tragic death... ahead of hosting ACM Awards 'We'd hug each other after': Alexander Skarsgard on bonding with Nicole Kidman after violent sex scenes on Big Little Lies left her battered and bruised 'I'm not sorry': Ricky Gervais hits back at criticism over 'dead baby joke' and says he's 'f***ing loving' the outrage  Blac Chyna 'obtains work permits for son King Cairo and daughter Dream' as she is seen at government building She's no wallflower! Kaia Gerber looks just like her supermodel mom Cindy Crawford as the teen appears in a new ad for Marc Jacobs Daisy fragrance Style Swoon: From celebs like Bella Hadid in affordable fashions to the Coach and Rodarte collaboration, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that caught our attention this week Britain's Next Top Model's first transgender contestant Talulah-Eve puts on a busty display in a thigh-skimming nude mini dress as she enjoys night out in London Lisa Rinna, 53, prowls around in leopard print bikini during 20th wedding anniversary vacation with Harry Hamlin Rachel Riley shows off her enviably toned physique in cycling shorts and skin-tight top after trip to the gym Proud mum! Jenny Stefanovic beams in a sheer black frock alongside her sister at the wedding rehearsal as her son Peter prepares to marry Sylvia Jeffreys Something to smile about! MAFS' Jesse Konstantinoff becomes a first home buyer as he picks up the keys to a lavish inner-city Adelaide apartment  'I have so many GREYS!': Model Jesinta Campbell, 25, reveals the stressful reason behind her luscious locks turning grey Need a pick-me-up? Richard Wilkins cuts a tired figure after night at the pub as he grabs coffee just hours before Sylvia Jeffreys' wedding to Peter Stefanovic Look away Frankie! Jamie Laing puts on a cosy display with Hollyoaks' Sophie Porley as he swaps the streets of Chelsea for the cobbles of Cheshire Baby joy! 'NSYNC's Chris Kirkpatrick and wife announce they're expecting first child Announced the exciting news on social media on Friday Professor Paris Hilton! Heiress takes on the role of scientist to save the planet from pollution in funny spoof video campaign for SodaStream 'Love my Spice Girls!' Victoria Beckham appears to offer an olive branch to 'livid' Mel B following Spice Girl skit... as she pokes fun at her matching mannequin's ensemble Party time! Courtney Stodden shows off toned physique in plunging violet romper during night out in LA...after turning heads with her bikini body Mother of the groom: Karl Stefanovic's mum Jenny arrives with the family ahead of brother Peter and Sylvia Jeffreys' nuptials They're already dressing alike! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez step out in coordinated outfits after athlete calls her 'an amazing girl' Lady in red! Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her eye-popping curves as she puts on risqué dance display in semi-sheer lace bodysuit Tatt's naughty! Busty Jemma Lucy strips completely naked as she channels Margot Robbie in VERY raunchy Suicide Squad photoshoot 'Incredible': Nick Cannon marvels at his own strength during impressive fitness session while fighting Lupus Rebel Rebel! Evan Rachel Wood pays homage to her 'high priest' David Bowie in androgynous new glam shoot for Elle Canada 'I was alone and suffering': Mary J. Blige on the moment she realized her husband of twelve years didn't want to be with her anymore 'I don't think people will be in the mood to laugh': Alec Baldwin considers retiring SNL impersonation of 'satire-resistant' Donald Trump Going in the right direction? Single Niall Horan gets a hug from a mystery female friend as he dines out in Hollywood Looked close Australian model is the first transgender woman to appear on the cover of iconic fashion magazine GQ Ouch! Brave Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes to the stage with her legs in bandages after BURNING herself... forcing Little Mix to perform as a trio Back in her skinny jeans already! New mum Rebekah Vardy shows off her slender post-baby figure in a chic designer outfit as she hits the shops  In bloom! Pregnant Ciara wears floral crown and flowy white dress to celebrate baby shower with friends and husband Russell Wilson too  'I'm not the same guy': Tim Allen recalls his time in prison for drug trafficking as he says 'I'm extremely grateful for where I am today' 'It feels like a dollhouse': Big Little Lies star Laura Dern opens the doors to her vibrant mid-century home in California  'I lost a child at almost eight months': Katey Sagal opens up about her stillbirth heartbreak while promoting new memoir  'I'm a mixture of white and red with holiday bloat': Playful Katie Piper slips into a tiny coral bikini as she enjoys family beach break to Dubai Heavily-pregnant Daniella Semaan shows off her baby bump in a tight wool dress as she heads to lunch with footballer beau Cesc Fabregas Age-defying Rachel Hunter, 47, flaunts her ample cleavage and trim waist in tiny bikini as she frolics on beach in her native New Zealand Fab in her forties 'I won't get that time back': Beverley Callard discusses bipolar diagnosis following her battle with depression.... before Corrie so-star Charlie Lawson surprises her with 60th birthday bash 'So happy Ivanka joined me': Marla Maples shares very candid throwback snap of herself playing basketball with her former step-daughter - who has said they're 'not close' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear Lucy Mecklenburgh stumbles to taxi before dozing off on the back seat... after raucous night at Ashley James' 30th bash 'It's never too late to turn your life around!' Denise Welch, 58, poses in a bikini looking fantastic as she celebtates five years booze-free 'You're literally killing the internet': Harry Styles' fans go WILD on social media as One Direction heartthrob reveals title of his debut solo single Hot mama! Carol Wright, 56, shows off her flat tummy and toned figure as she poses in a paisley patterned bikini in Dubai beach snap   Doing something Wright! Flower power! TOWIE's Jess Wright flaunts her gorgeous figure in an array of summery floral frocks as she models new clothing line in sunny Chelsea All white now! Doutzen Kroes displays her endless legs in just an oversized cardigan and thigh-high boots as she poses for photoshoot in Paris  EXCLUSIVE: 'I've never fancied someone so much!' Josie Gibson steps out with new welder beau Sam... AND says he's the 'only man who can handle her' Daddy day care! David holds hands with cute Harper, 5, and carries her toy doll through the airport as the Beckhams descend on LA EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Yazmin Oukhellou and James Lock hit the town amid feud with Danielle Armstrong... as she sends fans into a frenzy with 'engagement ring' photo 'I should have taken a chance': Melissa Joan Hart reveals she was 'smitten' with co-star Ryan Reynolds on Sabrina the Teenage Witch Pretty in hot pink! Victoria Justice sizzles in cleavage-baring pantsuit for GLAAD Rising Stars Luncheon Joanna Krupa keeps it casual in a tight vest and ripped jeans as she enjoys a girls' night out with her pals  Uncharacteristically demure 'I'm in the movie and they're harassing me': Green Power Ranger Jason David Frank kicked out of premiere for trying to record his cameo on phone 'She has a superpower': Osher Günsberg credits wife Audrey Griffen for helping The Bachelor host come to terms with his depression Going to the club? Lauryn Goodman displays her ample cleavage in dress as sisters Chloe and Amelia follow suit in the Maldives 'It's bittersweet, beautiful and heartbreaking': Lauren Cohan reflects on The Walking Dead season seven finale... as she smoulders in new shoot Love Bugg! Leo DiCaprio's 'ex' Roxy Horner looks smitten as she cosies up to unlikely musician flame Jake at theme park A wild ride!  What's eating Leo's face? Actor DiCaprio attempts to go incognito in a BALACLAVA as he steps out for solo stroll around the streets of NYC Kasabian's You're In Love With A Psycho video showing band members in hospital is slammed for 'sad and tired' mental health stereotype She's got good jeans! Kate Hudson cuts a stylish figure in neutral coat with ripped denim while heading to Good Morning America in NYC  Doing her homework! Sofia Vergara steps out in ripped jeans and sheer blouse as she carries scripts in LA Left an elocution class on Thursday Getting Down(ton) and dirty! Jessica Brown Findlay heats things up in racy onscreen tryst in new drama Harlots... and reveals she had odd way of breaking the ice 'This is a get help or die situation': Stephanie Davis claims Jeremy McConnell will 'spend six weeks in rehab to battle drug addiction' following his dad's death Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with bikini-clad fiancée Sadie Stuart during romantic getaway to Tenerife What a (tummy) tease! Kristen Stewart packs on the PDA with girlfriend Stella Maxwell as they walk hand-in-hand wearing matching crop tops 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body in anniversary interview  'He has no shame': will.i.am is branded 'rude' for wearing an earpiece on TV to plug his headphones range (and refusing to remove his hat and sunglasses) Still saving the world! Former Bond Pierce Brosnan is joined by wife Keely Shaye Smith as they promote environmental documentary Flying solo! Karl Stefanovic is by younger brother Peter's side for his wedding to Sylvia Jeffreys... but where's girlfriend Jasmine Yarbrough? Taking her mind off it: Bambi Northwood-Blyth enjoys a day at the beach with hunky model Jordan Barrett as husband Dan Single recovers from balcony fall Newly-single Megan McKenna sizzles in skintight cut-out orange frock as she heads on glamorous girls' night out... after emotional split from Pete Wicks She's getting carried away! Victoria Beckham is lugged through the streets by James Corden as the pair spoof scenes from classic movie Mannequin Getting steamy! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, showcases her lithe frame in a tiny bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Blue Lagoon in Iceland 'There were hard days and still are!' Scott Eastwood emotionally reflects on his friend and co-star Paul Walker's tragic death as he promotes new film EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm still the same sweet, down-to-earth girl': Paris Hilton reveals how running her MULTI-BILLION dollar empire keeps her grounded Emily Ratajkowski bares her pert bosom in a VERY small crop top as she dons lacy underwear and a bright purple wig in racy throwback shot 'I AM NOT pregnant': Lauren Goodger firmly denies she's expecting... hours after hiding under a sheet amid claims she tweeted about a 'baby bump' From hostels to a £4.2m mansion: How did Big Brother star Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace turn her five minutes of fame into a MULTI-MILLION fortune? Keeping a low profile? Make-up free Kylie Jenner ditches her usual glamour as she grabs a coffee amid Tyga's child support row with Blac Chyna 'The kinkier the banana the better!' Lorraine Kelly is left red-faced as she misconstrues TV chef John Whaite's cooking instructions for smutty banter TV's night of nights heading to Sydney? Iconic Logies ceremony eyeing move from Melbourne to Sydney a Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party Salma Hayek flashes her cleavage in chic knitted midi dress as she accepts her prize at the CinemaCon Big Screen Achievement Awards 'I won the role fair and square': Hugh Jackman reveals he had to audition for the lead role in his own movie The Greatest Showman at ComicCon Michael Caine and glamorous wife Shakira join Morgan Freeman at the star-studded Going In Style world premiere in NYC Legend unite This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Footballer Harry Kane's girlfriend Kate Goodland shows off her trim post-baby body in skinny jeans two months after giving birth on night out in London Brood it like Beckham: David Beckham looks sultry in black and white for Hong Kong magazine cover shoot International cover superstar Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' On top form! The Grand Tour host Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with daughter Isabella... as he recovers from high speed motorbike crash Glum Vanessa Paradis looks less than impressed as she sports head-to-toe gold body paint for her role as a living STATUE on the set of Big Bang 'Julian is trying to free the world, I love him for this': Pamela Anderson reveals her feelings for Assange in rambling blog on sex and 'faking orgasms' Rehearsal drinks! Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic gather with loved ones including brother Karl and Richard Wilkins at Kangaroo Valley pub the night before their wedding Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 'It's overwhelming': Widower Rio Ferdinand shares sweet snap of him with his three kids as he thanks fans for their support after emotional documentary All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning Who says three's a crowd? Newly-divorced Nick Knowles parties with two leggy ladies as he hits the town in London Back on the market The frill of it all! TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off her sensational figure in quirky flares as she hits the town with new love interest Dan Edgar Shannen Doherty looks healthy and happy as she stops by a farmers' market in Malibu just weeks after completing breast cancer treatment Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  More money than sense! James Corden fills tank of his $192K Aston Martin at more expensive full serve pump He's really made it Ab-tastic! Sofia Richie shows off her toned physique as she has a pool day with English reality star Vas J Morgan From TOWIE to wowie 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Does she get your vote? Scarlett Johansson mulls running for office in the future as she reveals a long-held interest in local politics  Yummy mummies! Pregnant Irina Shayk dons long-sleeved shirt and slippers as she stocks up on strawberries with mother Olga 'It's every girl's dream': Hugh Jackman SAVED an unwitting Zac Efron from a burning building on set as faulty pyrotechnics put his life in danger 'It's a blessing from God': Michael Bublé's brother-in-law praises singer's return to Argentina as son Noah, three, recovers from cancer treatment She's specs-y and she knows it! Gigi Hadid rocks zany orange glasses and a bright tangerine hoodie as she steps out in NYC Bright young thing  A Birkin bag's too heavy for me now, says Jane Birkin, 70: Actress says she prefers to fill her pockets 'like a man'  Inspired one of the most exclusive bags in history Not her best look: Kendall Jenner tucks oversized button-down into Daisy Dukes for outing with sister Kim Kardashian in LA Bizarre combo Kourtney Kardashian goes uber-glam in LBD as she enjoys girls' night out with Larsa Pippen at WeHo hotspot Catch LA Single and mingling Cindy Crawford shares snap of baby grows emblazoned with Tequila brand... after George joked pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after it 'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news George's final resting place: Singer is buried next to his beloved mother Lesley at Highgate Cemetery in a 'makeshift tomb'  After private funeral Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Ten years at the top! Aussie actress Naomi Watts beams on stage as she accepts Decade of Achievement In Film award at CinemaCon in Las Vegas Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  Who's that girl? Grinning Justin Bieber FaceTimes with mystery girl while completing gruelling hike in Brazil Got to keep up with his female fans Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Sleek and chic: Chloe Grace Moretz pairs stylish new platinum 'do with plunging bedazzled motorcycle jacket at glitzy event Seriously edgy new look EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton opens up about the dark side of fame to Dr Phil and how she exhausted herself by working which left her in a psychiatric hold 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . A vision in white! Naomi Watts displays svelte figure in sheer lace dress as she receives CinemaCon award Lovely in lace 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Cop a look at me! Hailey Baldwin puts on a very busty display while singing along to The Police Showed off her figure while singing along Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Steph Davis claims her Twitter was HACKED after penning her love for Jeremy McConnell... following his sharing of a sweet family photo with their son Caben-Albi Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach A family affair: Patricia Arquette joins brothers David and Richmond to honor their late sister Alexis at charity benefit in LA United in grief Susan Sarandon enjoys SoHo stroll with mystery man... after FaceTiming granddaughter with Elmo Family focused 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Blade of Conan! Arnold Schwarzenegger jokes 'some things never change' as he cuts Patrick's hair off... and shares sweet flashback photo Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique Her shining moment! Selena Gomez dazzles in a strapless tangerine dress as she attends the premiere for the series she produced 13 Reasons Why Back in business! Lamar Odom boasts 'another great meeting' following bombshell interview filled with drug and cheating revelations Comeback trail Style and the city: Kate Hudson looks chic as she rocks long green coat and flared trousers in New York Looked high fashion in the Big Apple Kate Mara gives just a peek of her slim torso in a loose top and trousers as she runs errands in West Hollywood Running errands in West Hollywood That's aviary nice dress! Jessica Chastain rocks bird cage frock as she is named Female Star Of The Year at CinemaCon Ruffling feathers Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ConvaTec Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc (MAA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Given “Sell” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) Receives Hold Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at FBR & Co Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Upgraded to Buy by Seaport Global Securities Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Upgraded to Buy by Seaport Global Securities Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €125.00 Price Target at Barclays PLC Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Upgraded by Macquarie to “Neutral” Pandora Media Inc (P) Given Buy Rating at Canaccord Genuity S & T Bancorp Inc (STBA) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research CMC Markets Plc (CMCX) Receives “Sell” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Centaur Media Plc (CAU) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Humana Inc (HUM) Now Covered by Analysts at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Price Target Lowered to $65.00 at Nomura Cargojet Inc (CJT) Director Jamie Bennett Porteous Sells 28,838 Shares of Stock Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) VP Brian Shirley Sells 88,000 Shares ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their overweight rating on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) in a research report sent to investors on Thursday. They currently have a GBX 305 ($3.83) target price on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CTEC. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a buy rating and set a GBX 270 ($3.39) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Royal Bank of Canada boosted their price target on ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 242 ($3.04) to GBX 278 ($3.49) and gave the company a sector perform rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price target on ConvaTec Group PLC from GBX 275 ($3.46) to GBX 300 ($3.77) and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Peel Hunt restated a buy rating and set a GBX 300 ($3.77) price target on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Thursday, March 2nd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 250 ($3.14) price objective on shares of ConvaTec Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, December 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 296.86 ($3.73). Shares of ConvaTec Group PLC (LON:CTEC) traded up 2.12% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching GBX 279.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 10,887,251 shares. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 250.24 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 243.45. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 5.37 billion. ConvaTec Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 213.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 279.10. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/convatec-group-plc-ctec-receives-overweight-rating-from-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. ConvaTec Group PLC Company Profile ConvaTec Group Plc is a medical product and technology company. The Company focuses on therapies for the management of chronic conditions, including products used for advanced chronic and acute wound care, ostomy care, continence and critical care and infusion devices used in the treatment of diabetes and other conditions. Receive News & Ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ConvaTec Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance CME Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Peyto Exploration & Development Corp (PEY) Receives C$40.29 Average Price Target from Brokerages CME Group Inc (CME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Alex B. Cimochowski Sells 2,000 Shares of CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Stock Steven Richard Bailey Sells 3,076 Shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (PMT) Stock André Gaumond Sells 25,000 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada SM Energy Co (SM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Penn Virginia Co. (PVAC) Now Covered by Canaccord Genuity Innoviva’s (INVA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company John Charles Carlile Buys 35,000 Shares of Japan Gold Corp (JG) Stock Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy 8×8, Inc. (EGHT) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Macquarie CDK Global Inc (CDK) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Analysts Set Daktronics, Inc. (DAKT) Price Target at $12.25 Owens Corning (OC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wedbush Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Insider Acquires £62,520 in Stock Ryan J. Morris Purchases 21,651 Shares of InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Stock Jonathan Ilany Buys 26,449 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock Fredric J. Tomczyk Buys 5,000 Shares of Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Stock CME Group Inc (CME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet CME Group Inc (NASDAQ:CME) has earned a consensus rating of “Hold” from the twelve brokerages that are presently covering the firm. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell recommendation, six have given a hold recommendation and five have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1 year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $107.15. Several research analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Royal Bank of Canada upgraded shares of CME Group from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $134.00 price target for the company in a report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of CME Group from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, March 20th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $128.00 target price on shares of CME Group in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of CME Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. In other CME Group news, Director Ronald A. Pankau sold 500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Friday, February 24th. The shares were sold at an average price of $122.11, for a total transaction of $61,055.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 3,500 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $427,385. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CFO John W. Pietrowicz sold 7,500 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, January 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $116.77, for a total transaction of $875,775.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 39,669 shares in the company, valued at $4,632,149.13. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 17,931 shares of company stock worth $2,157,410 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 0.61% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. State Street Corp raised its stake in CME Group by 5.7% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 17,986,325 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,084,930,000 after buying an additional 977,421 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its stake in CME Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 10,124,205 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,058,182,000 after buying an additional 31,832 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in CME Group by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 9,464,800 shares of the company’s stock valued at $989,261,000 after buying an additional 391,783 shares during the period. FMR LLC raised its stake in CME Group by 5.4% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 7,226,868 shares of the company’s stock valued at $833,618,000 after buying an additional 371,705 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in CME Group by 1.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,064,945 shares of the company’s stock valued at $738,427,000 after buying an additional 88,456 shares during the period. 80.06% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) opened at 118.85 on Friday. CME Group has a 52-week low of $89.00 and a 52-week high of $127.60. The firm has a market capitalization of $40.37 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.24 and a beta of 0.88. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $122.10 and a 200 day moving average of $114.82. CME Group (NASDAQ:CME) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The company reported $1.14 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.03. The company earned $913 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $881.46 million. CME Group had a net margin of 42.67% and a return on equity of 7.28%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 12.2% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $0.92 earnings per share. Analysts predict that CME Group will post $4.85 EPS for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Monday, March 27th. Shareholders of record on Friday, March 10th were given a dividend of $0.66 per share. This is a positive change from CME Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.60. This represents a $2.64 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.22%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, March 8th. CME Group’s dividend payout ratio is 52.98%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “CME Group Inc (CME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/cme-group-inc-cme-given-consensus-recommendation-of-hold-by-brokerages.html. About CME Group CME Group Inc, through its exchanges, provides products across all asset classes, including futures and options based on interest rates, equity indexes, foreign exchange, energy, agricultural products and metals. The Company’s segment primarily consists of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc (CME), Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc (CBOT), New York Mercantile Exchange, Inc (NYMEX) and Commodity Exchange, Inc (COMEX) exchanges. Receive News & Ratings for CME Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CME Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Finance Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Finance A big debate is going on in New Orleans about what Donald Trump means for mergers Leslie Picker | @LesliePicker 16 Hours Ago CNBC.com SHARES Source: Tulane Law School Mergers & acquisitions professionals are talking about dealmaking in the Trump administration era at Tulane's 29th Annual Corporate Law Institute. In the world of dealmaking and shareholder activism, an annual conference in New Orleans has become the staple event. This year, the optimism over the mergers and acquisitions environment is about as free-flowing as the Ramos Gin Fizzes. Kurt Simon, global chairman of M&A at JPMorgan, gave the keynote address at the 29th annual Corporate Law Institute conference hosted by Tulane University Law School, which draws everyone from deal advisers to Delaware judges. He said there are upsides for M&A, stemming from the White House, Congress and rising talk about infrastructure spending and tax cuts. He even said that JPMorgan believes the market is not far away from seeing its first $100 billion all-cash deal. Simon's optimism was echoed in a survey by the public relations firm Brunswick Group, which found that 44 percent of 120 dealmakers surveyed expect merger activity to increase this year. That compares with only 13 percent last year. Brunswick attributed dealmakers' confidence to policies expected from the Trump administration. Does Trump help deals — or hurt them? Others, however, are less convinced that President Donald Trump's policy ideas will be a positive for dealmaking. Leo Strine, chief justice for the Supreme Court of Delaware, spoke with his usual candor,saying that protectionist U.S. policies could prompt Europeans and others outside the United States to think inwardly as well. "You can play a game like Putin, where all the stooges on the other side let you score," he said. "I don't know that to be global capitalism." The uncertainty surrounding the administration could cause companies to delay their deals, several panelists said. Simon noted on a panel that tax reform is a "near-term negative" for dealmaking, citing several situations where boards considering selling their companies for cash may defer. For example, lower taxes could lower sellers' expenses, and thereby increase their valuations. To sell now could mean giving up future upside. It's less of an issue for buyers, he said, when they can figure out "synergies" that make the math work. M&A in an age of populism Synergy is another buzzword getting a second look during the Trump administration. That is because synergies — or cost cuts that can be derived from combining two companies — often lead to job losses. That could be a much larger problem in America's populist environment, said George Bason, global co-chairman of M&A at law firm Davis Polk & Wardwell. "At least for the next year, there are not going to be a lot of companies willing to stand in front of a freight train," Bason said. But some brave companies will still be willing to do kickoff mergers and buyouts, given that the economic conditions are ripe. Simon said he expects an increase in unsolicited takeover offers as well. "Well-structured, well-priced deals are still happening," Simon said. Correction: This story was revised to correct the spelling of Wardwell. Leslie PickerReporter CNBC NEWSLETTERS Get the best of CNBC in your inbox Please choose a subscription Make It A daily email for dreamers, seekers and game changers. Breaking News CNBC's latest news headlines Morning Squawk Daily before the bell news roundup Evening Brief Daily recap of the day's top headlines Guest Alerts Guest information & reminders for your calendar Your Wealth Weekly advice on managing your money Options Action Insight from the Options Action panel Your Money Your Vote Everything you need to know about the coming election Job Industry Advertising/Marketing Automotive Communications/PR Construction/Manufacturing Education Finance/Banking/Insurance Legal Media/Entertainment Medical/Health Care Mining/Oil/Gas/Utilities Gov't/Non-Profit Real Estate Retail Technology/IT Transportation/Shipping Travel/Hospitality Other Please enter a valid email address Get these newsletters delivered to your inbox, and more info about about our products and service. Privacy Policy. Submit ▲
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News SLM Corporation Announces Public Offering of Senior Notes NEWARK, Del.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM), formally SLM Corporation, today announced a public offering of Senior Notes pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), subject to market and other customary conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and RBC Capital Markets, LLC will act as joint book-running managers. SLM intends to use the net proceeds to redeem its outstanding 6.97 percent Series A preferred stock and for general corporate purposes. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus and related prospectus supplement. A copy may be obtained by contacting one of the following: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC 383 Madison Ave New York, NY 10179 1-212-834-4533 RBC Capital Markets, LLC Three World Financial Center 200 Vesey Street, 8th floor New York, New York 10281-8098 Attention: Prospectus Department 1-866-375-6829 An effective registration statement is on file with the SEC, and a copy of the base prospectus and related prospectus supplement will also be available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. Sallie Mae (Nasdaq: SLM) is the nation’s saving, planning, and paying for college company. Whether college is a long way off or just around the corner, Sallie Mae offers products that promote responsible personal finance, including private education loans, Upromise rewards, scholarship search, college financial planning tools, and online retail banking. Commonly known as Sallie Mae, SLM Corporation and its subsidiaries are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America. This press release contains “forward-looking statements” and information based on management’s current expectations as of the date of this release. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements about the company’s beliefs, opinions or expectations and statements that assume or are dependent upon future events, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different from those reflected in such forward-looking statements. These factors include, among others, the risks and uncertainties set forth in Item 1A “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in the company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on Feb. 24, 2017) and subsequent filings with the SEC; increases in financing costs; limits on liquidity; increases in costs associated with compliance with laws and regulations; failure to comply with consumer protection, banking and other laws; changes in accounting standards and the impact of related changes in significant accounting estimates; any adverse outcomes in any significant litigation to which the company is a party; credit risk associated with the company’s exposure to third parties, including counterparties to the company’s derivative transactions; and changes in the terms of education loans and the educational credit marketplace (including changes resulting from new laws and the implementation of existing laws). The company could also be affected by, among other things: changes in its funding costs and availability; reductions to its credit ratings; failures or breaches of its operating systems or infrastructure, including those of third-party vendors; damage to its reputation; risks associated with restructuring initiatives, including failures to successfully implement cost-cutting and restructuring initiatives and the adverse effects of such initiatives on the company’s business; changes in the demand for educational financing or in financing preferences of lenders, educational institutions, students and their families; changes in law and regulations with respect to the student lending business and financial institutions generally; changes in banking rules and regulations, including increased capital requirements; increased competition from banks and other consumer lenders; the creditworthiness of its customers; changes in the general interest rate environment, including the rate relationships among relevant money-market instruments and those of its earning assets versus its funding arrangements; rates of prepayments on the loans made by the company and its subsidiaries; changes in general economic conditions and the company’s ability to successfully effectuate any acquisitions; and other strategic initiatives. The preparation of the company’s consolidated financial statements also requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions, including estimates and assumptions about future events. These estimates or assumptions may prove to be incorrect. All forward-looking statements contained in this release are qualified by these cautionary statements and are made only as of the date of this release. The company does not undertake any obligation to update or revise these forward-looking statements to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Viral Vaccines Market 2017 : Merck, Novartis, Pfizer, Sanofi, Bayer, Zoetis, AstraZeneca Next PostNext Mosquito Killer Market Growth Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021 Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cimarex Energy Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Posts Earnings Results Seaport Global Securities Downgrades Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Neutral Philadelphia Trust Co. Acquires 400 Shares of Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Timken Co (TKR) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. Philadelphia Trust Co. Holds Stake in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Philadelphia Trust Co. Lowers Position in PPL Corp (PPL) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Purchases Shares of 7,469 VMware, Inc. (VMW) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Takes Position in Verisign, Inc. (VRSN) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $684,000 Position in Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $769,000 Stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Position Raised by USA Financial Portformulas Corp PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Stake Held by Becker Capital Management Inc. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Invests $665,000 in J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Position Maintained by Becker Capital Management Inc. Becker Capital Management Inc. Holds Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) 17,500 Shares in RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Acquired by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Tax Systems PLC (TAX) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results China Automotive Systems, Inc. (CAAS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Seaport Global Securities Downgrades Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Neutral March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cimarex Energy Co (NYSE:XEC) was downgraded by investment analysts at Seaport Global Securities from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report released on Friday. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on XEC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $150.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 8th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Cimarex Energy from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Wells Fargo & Co lowered Cimarex Energy from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Iberia Capital initiated coverage on Cimarex Energy in a report on Thursday, January 12th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $160.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. lowered Cimarex Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Ten equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $142.57. Shares of Cimarex Energy (NYSE:XEC) traded up 0.02% during trading on Friday, hitting $121.10. The company had a trading volume of 79,458 shares. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $124.53 and its 200 day moving average price is $131.47. Cimarex Energy has a 52 week low of $93.00 and a 52 week high of $146.96. The company’s market capitalization is $11.31 billion. Cimarex Energy (NYSE:XEC) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 15th. The company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.55 by $0.05. Cimarex Energy had a negative return on equity of 0.59% and a negative net margin of 92.69%. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Cimarex Energy will post $4.23 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be given a dividend of $0.08 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $0.32 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.26%. Cimarex Energy’s dividend payout ratio is currently -2.70%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Seaport Global Securities Downgrades Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Neutral” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/seaport-global-securities-downgrades-cimarex-energy-co-xec-to-neutral.html. In related news, Director Harold R. Logan, Jr. sold 920 shares of Cimarex Energy stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $125.48, for a total transaction of $115,441.60. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 8,848 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,110,247.04. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CEO Thomas E. Jorden sold 2,500 shares of Cimarex Energy stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $137.57, for a total value of $343,925.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 16,735 shares of company stock valued at $2,164,564 over the last 90 days. Insiders own 2.00% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of XEC. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC increased its position in shares of Cimarex Energy by 537.1% in the third quarter. Tower Research Capital LLC TRC now owns 790 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 666 shares in the last quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. increased its position in shares of Cimarex Energy by 8.5% in the fourth quarter. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc. now owns 882 shares of the company’s stock valued at $122,000 after buying an additional 69 shares in the last quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC increased its position in shares of Cimarex Energy by 80.3% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 1,064 shares of the company’s stock valued at $143,000 after buying an additional 474 shares in the last quarter. MU Investments Co. Ltd. bought a new position in shares of Cimarex Energy during the third quarter valued at about $144,000. Finally, Virtus Investment Advisers Inc. bought a new position in shares of Cimarex Energy during the third quarter valued at about $185,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 92.22% of the company’s stock. Cimarex Energy Company Profile Cimarex Energy Co is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company. The Company operates in exploration and production (E&P) segment. Its operations are located in Oklahoma, Texas and New Mexico. Its E&P activities take place primarily in two areas: the Permian Basin and the Mid-Continent region. Receive News & Ratings for Cimarex Energy Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cimarex Energy Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Secondary Public Offering of Common Stock OAKLAND, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. (NYSE:ELF) today announced the pricing of the secondary public offering of 8,340,000 shares of its common stock at a public offering price of $27.00 per share. All of such shares will be offered and sold by stockholders of e.l.f., and the selling stockholders will receive all of the net proceeds from this offering. e.l.f. will not be selling any shares of its common stock. In addition, certain selling stockholders have granted the underwriters a 30-day option to purchase from the selling stockholders up to an additional 1,251,000 shares of common stock at the public offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. The closing of the offering is expected to occur on April 5, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint lead book-running managers in the proposed offering. Piper Jaffray & Co. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC are also acting as book-running managers in the proposed offering. William Blair & Company, L.L.C., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Cowen and Company, LLC, Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, Inc. are acting as co-managers in the proposed offering. A registration statement relating to the securities was declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. The offering will be made by the selling stockholders only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained, when available, from J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling toll-free at (866) 803-9204 or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, New York 10014, Attention: Prospectus Department. About e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. e.l.f. makes luxurious beauty accessible for all women to play beautifully®. Established in 2004 as an e-commerce business (www.elfcosmetics.com), e.l.f. has become a true multi-channel brand through its e.l.f. stores and national distribution at Target, Walmart, CVS, Old Navy and other leading retailers. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements, including statements regarding the secondary public offering, are based on the Company’s current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties which are, in many instances, beyond the Company’s control, and which could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in or contemplated or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the Company’s ability to grow Net Sales, Gross Margin, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Pro Forma Diluted earnings per share as anticipated; the Company’s ability to effectively compete with other cosmetics companies; the Company’s ability to successfully introduce new products; the loss of one or more of the Company’s key retail customers or if the general business performance of its key retail customers declines; the consequences if the Company fails to maintain the quality , performance and safety of its products; the Company’s ability to successfully implement its growth strategy; the Company’s ability to grow its business at historic rates, or at all, and to manage growth effectively; any damage to the Company’s reputation or brand; the loss of, or damage to, the Company’s warehouse and distribution center and/or the manufacturing facilities or distribution centers of its third-party manufacturers and suppliers; the loss of the third-party suppliers, manufacturers, distributors and other vendors that the Company relies on to produce products or provide services that are consistent with its standards or applicable regulatory requirements; the Company’s ability to effectively manage its inventory; the Company’s ability to manage its debt obligations; the Company’s ability to maintain sufficient liquidity to sustain its business and meet seasonal working capital requirements; the Company’s ability to protect against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, and to effectively resolve issues in a timely manner if they occur; the Company’s ability to protect sensitive information of its consumers and information technology systems against security breaches; the Company’s ability to manage the political, legal and economic risks associated with its operations in China; and other risks and uncertainties that may be described from time to time in the Company’s reports and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risks and uncertainties set forth in the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 originally filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15, 2017, as amended. Any forward-looking statements are made pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended, and speak only as of the date hereof. The Company undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect developments or information obtained after the date hereof and disclaims any obligation to do so other than as may be required by law. ELF-PRI CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Park-Ohio Announces $350 Million Debt Offering Next PostNext Alaska Communications Announces Amendment of Purchase Price and Satisfaction of the Financing Condition in Connection with its Tender Offer for its Outstanding 6.25% Convertible Notes due 2018 Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their JP Morgan Chase Market Research Portal DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The new research portal has an extensive collection of company research on JP Morgan Chase, including in-depth analysis of their current market position and future outlook within the banking and financial service industries. One such report available on the portal, Prepaid Card Market – Global Opportunity Analysis & Industry Forecast 2014-2022, expects the market to grow at a CAGR of 22.7% during the forecast period to attain a market size of around $3.6 billion. The market is expected to grow at a significant rate in Europe and Asia-Pacific, owing to increase in demand for cash alternatives, rise in adoption of prepaid cards in retail establishments & government sectors, and widespread awareness of the benefits of prepaid cards among the populace. The prepaid card market in Europe is driven by rise in demand for smart cards and increased adoption of prepaid cards for easy payment. However, the report notes that the various types of fees associated with prepaid card transactions and a lack of security measures compared to credit or debit cards are major restraints for the market growth. “The portal is an invaluable resource for anyone seeking information on JP Morgan Chase and their activities in various industries. It provides quick, and easy access to information on their performance as a company and their overall impact on the market,” says Ross Glover, CEO of Research and Markets. For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/companies/jpmorgan-chase-and-co?cid=mhtq9d About Research and Markets Research and Markets is the world’s leading market research store. With more than 1.5 million research resources, we deliver the largest collection of business information products on the market. We offer the most in-depth market analysis across a multitude of industries. Our products provide clients with an unrivalled understanding of their chosen market. No matter how specialist your field, we have the insights and market data to help you make efficient and effective decisions. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Elmos Semiconductor AG: Silicon Microstructures Extends its Low-Pressure Product Line with the SM9D and SM9G Families Next PostNext Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Marathon Petroleum Corporation Market Research Portal Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their JP Morgan Chase Market Research Portal DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–The new research portal has an extensive collection of company research on JP Morgan Chase, including in-depth analysis of their current market position and future outlook within the banking and financial service industries. One such report available on the portal, Prepaid Card Market – Global Opportunity Analysis & Industry Forecast 2014-2022, expects the market to grow at a CAGR of 22.7% during the forecast period to attain a market size of around $3.6 billion. The market is expected to grow at a significant rate in Europe and Asia-Pacific, owing to increase in demand for cash alternatives, rise in adoption of prepaid cards in retail establishments & government sectors, and widespread awareness of the benefits of prepaid cards among the populace. The prepaid card market in Europe is driven by rise in demand for smart cards and increased adoption of prepaid cards for easy payment. However, the report notes that the various types of fees associated with prepaid card transactions and a lack of security measures compared to credit or debit cards are major restraints for the market growth. “The portal is an invaluable resource for anyone seeking information on JP Morgan Chase and their activities in various industries. It provides quick, and easy access to information on their performance as a company and their overall impact on the market,” says Ross Glover, CEO of Research and Markets. For more information visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/companies/jpmorgan-chase-and-co?cid=mhtq9d About Research and Markets Research and Markets is the world’s leading market research store. With more than 1.5 million research resources, we deliver the largest collection of business information products on the market. We offer the most in-depth market analysis across a multitude of industries. Our products provide clients with an unrivalled understanding of their chosen market. No matter how specialist your field, we have the insights and market data to help you make efficient and effective decisions. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Elmos Semiconductor AG: Silicon Microstructures Extends its Low-Pressure Product Line with the SM9D and SM9G Families Next PostNext Research and Markets Has Announced the Launch of their Marathon Petroleum Corporation Market Research Portal Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, April 1, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Kushner and Ivanka Trump Worth as Much as $740 Million By JESSE DRUCKER, ERIC LIPTON and MAGGIE HABERMAN 9:20 PM ET Ethics filings show that Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will remain the beneficiaries of a sprawling real estate and investment business still worth as much as $740 million. The disclosures were part of a broad release by the White House of documents that detailed the assets of as many as 180 senior officials.  Comments Bannon’s Fortune Built on Shaping Right-Wing Thought By MATTHEW GOLDSTEIN, STEVE EDER, KATE KELLY, ALEXANDRA STEVENSON and BEN PROTESS 11:11 PM ET A conservative media impresario and producer of documentary films before joining the Trump campaign, Stephen K. Bannon has assets worth $11.8 million to $53.8 million, filings showed. Highlights: Who’s Worth What at the White House 12:23 AM ET Spicer Claims Political Motives for Surveillance By MICHAEL D. SHEAR and JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS 9:01 PM ET The White House press secretary again insisted that there was evidence that President Trump was the victim of “very, very bad things” by the Obama administration. 2 White House Officials Gave Nunes Secret Reports Flynn Offers to Testify, but Wants Immunity First Trump Talks Tough on Trade but Delays Real Action By BINYAMIN APPELBAUM 9:09 PM ET The president said two new executive orders would “set the stage for a great revival of American manufacturing,” but they probably won’t make much difference. Who Wins and Loses if Trump Puts Up New Trade Walls Mexico Welcomes Shift on Nafta, but Mistrust Persists 10:09 PM ET The Roots of the Battle Over Gorsuch: ‘They Started It’ By MATT FLEGENHEIMER The fight over President Trump’s Supreme Court nominee, Judge Neil M. Gorsuch, reflects years of creeping institutional shifts, partisan tensions and hypocritical arguments.  Comments The Gorsuch Count So Far: How Democrats Plan to Vote More in Politics 2 Sue Trump and U.S. Officials, Claiming They Are on ‘Kill List’ Tillerson Delivers NATO Allies a Familiar Message: Pay Up Trump University Suit Settlement Approved by Judge The Daily 360 1:12 Puzzle in Poland: Who Bent the Trees? Stefania Rouselle for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. How to Drink Wine Learn how to talk about wine, pair it with food, order it at a restaurant and more. By ERIC ASIMOV Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Special Section Credit Cards Are Encouraging You to Splurge By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ Using plastic instead of dollars encourages consumers to pay more for everyday items than they might otherwise. Special Section Apps That Make Saving as Effortless as Spending By ANN CARRNS In a consumer culture designed to encourage spending, new tools aim to reverse that pattern. N.C.A.A. Tournament Mississippi State guard Morgan William, center, celebrating with teammates after she hit the winning shot at the buzzer in overtime to defeat Connecticut in the N.C.A.A. semifinals on Friday. Credit Eric Gay/Associated Press Mississippi State 66, UConn 64 | Overtime UConn Suffers Knockout Blow at Final Four By JERÉ LONGMAN 12:35 AM ET The game-winning shot came on a jumper at the buzzer by Mississippi State’s Morgan William. It was a shocking defeat for the Huskies, who were seeking their fifth straight championship. South Carolina Beats Stanford to Reach Its First Title Game North Carolina’s Victories Fail to Cover Cheating’s Stain By MICHAEL POWELL 9:06 PM ET For two decades, until 2013, North Carolina engaged in academic improprieties that benefited its student-athletes.  Comments As Criticism Mounts, Venezuela Asks High Court to Revisit Power Grab By NICHOLAS CASEY 2:37 AM ET President Nicolás Maduro’s office said Saturday that it had asked the Supreme Court to review its decision to seize power from the national legislature. Venezuela’s Prisons Fill as Democracy Fades Away 10:03 PM ET Their Student Debt Was Forgiven. Until It Wasn’t. By STACY COWLEY Over 550,000 people signed up for a program that promises to repay loans after 10 years of work in a public service job. In Suburban Chicago, Trump Dominates Mayor’s Race By JULIE BOSMAN The mayor’s race in an Illinois suburb isn’t about the usual small-potatoes issues of trash pickup or taxes. It’s all about Mr. Trump. State Lawmakers Miss Deadline as Budget Deal Nears By JESSE McKINLEY and LISA W. FODERARO 12:41 AM ET A rare weekend session is scheduled, with stumbling blocks centered on issues like charter schools and raising the age of criminal responsibility. 10 Things to Do in NYC Now By LOUIS LUCERO II Here’s a sampling of cultural highlights this weekend and over the week ahead. More News Protests in Paraguay Over Efforts to Extend President’s Term Facing Death, Dylann Roof Cuts Deal for Added Life Term Francine Hughes Wilson, Who Inspired ‘The Burning Bed,’ Dies 3 Arrested in Fire That Caused Atlanta Highway Collapse Divorce First, Trade Talks Later, European Union Tells Britain The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. Review: A Mesmerizing ‘Hairy Ape’ In this visually ravishing production, Bobby Cannavale steps into a part that has been waiting for him for decades. A Pioneering Feminist Looks Back in Anguish Alice Schwarzer, who has battled for women’s rights for years, is stunned that “an old-school sexist” like Donald J. Trump could win the presidency. U.K. Art World Weighs the Fallout of ‘Brexit’ “The Pontormo Affair” is just one of the many unexpected consequences of Britain’s process to withdraw from the European Union. The Opinion Pages Editorial Venezuela’s Descent Into Dictatorship A court ruling annulling the legislature’s authority represents a dangerous turning point for Venezuela.  Comments Closing Rikers Island Is a Moral Imperative By JONATHAN LIPPMAN and MELISSA MARK-VIVERITO Rikers Island is isolated, inhumane and violent. It should be replaced.  Comments Cohen: Donald Trump’s Parrot Collins: The Dreaded Trump Curse Trump, the Centrist President By DAN SCHNUR Will he be able to win over Democrats or the Freedom Caucus? The Endangered Antiquities Act By JOHN D. LESHY and MARK SQUILLACE Republicans seek to weaken a law that has protected magnificent landscapes. Editorial: After Murder, a Second Chance How to Throw a Baseball In the Air Over Vietnam User Subscriptions The New York Times vs. the ‘Great Firewall’ of China The Good Old Days of Supreme Court Nominations? They Don’t Exist. Times Insider » The New York Times vs. the ‘Great Firewall’ of China The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Fashion & Style Where Artists Go to Play With Clay Sunday Review How Scared Should People on the Border Be? Book Review Philipp Meyer: By the Book Fashion & Style Paris Company Adds Tailoring to Bicycles Opinion How the Freedom Caucus Is Undermining the G.O.P. Its members make impossible demands and refuse to compromise. This is not the way to govern. Times Insider Roger Wilkins Fought Injustice. And The Times. Television Jason Segel on Making Sci-Fi and Growing Fruit Opinion Israel Is Nothing Like Apartheid South Africa Music Sheryl Crow Plays What She Sees Television ‘13 Reasons Why,’ Drawn Out on Netflix Opinion Ivanka Trump Is a Bad Ambassador for Working Women Her policies are little more than lip service. And they could make real reform impossible. Magazine Recommendation: Life Magazine Sections World » Ranks of Political Prisoners Grow as Democracy Ebbs in Venezuela In Anatomy of an Afghan Bombing, Clues of a Tangled War Mexico Welcomes Possible U.S. Shift on Nafta, but Mistrust of Trump Persists Business Day » President’s Growing Trade Gap: A Gulf Between Talk and Action News Analysis: Trump Talks Tough on U.S.-China Trade but Delays Real Action Foreigners Have Long Mined Indonesia, but Now There’s an Outcry Opinion » Op-Ed Contributors: Closing Rikers Island Is a Moral Imperative Editorial: Venezuela’s Descent Into Dictatorship Roger Cohen: Donald Trump’s Parrot U.S. » Trump University Suit Settlement Approved by Judge ‘I’ve Got Thick Skin’: We Talk to the Pro-Trump Mayor Who Was Running From Us Kansas Governor Vetoes Medicaid Expansion, Setting Stage for Showdown Technology » Uber Executive Invokes Fifth Amendment, Seeking to Avoid Potential Charges Net Neutrality Is Trump’s Next Target, Administration Says Oculus Founder, at Center of Legal Battle Over VR, Departs Facebook Arts » A Blockheaded Social Science Experiment. On Purpose. Yannick Nézet-Séguin Will Shake Things Up at the Met Opera Ice-T Hasn’t Totally Lost His Taste for Rage Politics » Confused by the Trump Surveillance Drama? Here’s a Timeline White House Accepts ‘Political Reality’ of Assad’s Grip on Power in Syria President’s Growing Trade Gap: A Gulf Between Talk and Action Fashion & Style » Modern Love: The Accident No One Talked About Encounters: Andrew McCarthy’s Newest Role: Young Adult Novelist With Hair Bows and Chores, YouTube Youth Take On Mean Girls Movies » A Blockheaded Social Science Experiment. On Purpose. Review: In ‘Ghost in the Shell,’ a Cyborg With Soul Improvisation Is the Heart of Cuban Animation New York » Mayor Backs Plan to Close Rikers and Open Jails Elsewhere Lawmakers Miss Deadline as Budget Deal Nears in Albany F.B.I. Reunites a Rockwell, Stolen 40 Years Ago, With Its Owners Sports » Mississippi State 66, UConn 64 | Overtime: Connecticut’s 111-Game Winning Streak Ends With Loss to Mississippi State Sports of The Times: North Carolina’s Dominance Fails to Cover Cheating’s Stain Go Gonzaga! But Who Is Gonzaga? Theater » Review: A Mesmerizing ‘Hairy Ape’ Brings Existentialism to Park Avenue Five Must-See Shows if You’re in New York This Month Review: Pathos Times Two: A Double Dose of Inge, in Close Quarters Science » Trilobites: In Poland’s Crooked Forest, a Mystery With No Straight Answer ScienceTake: First Clear View of a One-Celled Harpooner in Action Trilobites: A Mysterious Flash From a Faraway Galaxy Obituaries » William T. Coleman Jr., Who Broke Racial Barriers in Court and Cabinet, Dies at 96 Francine Hughes Wilson, Domestic Violence Victim Who Took Action, Dies at 69 Carl Clark, Black WWII Hero Who Was Denied Bravery Medal, Dies at 100 Television » The Walking Dead: ‘The Walking Dead’: Will the Season Finale Make Everyone Mad Again? Review: ‘13 Reasons Why’ She Killed Herself, Drawn Out on Netflix In AMC’s Western ‘The Son,’ the Novelist Philipp Meyer Lassoes TV Health » F.D.A. Nominee, Paid Millions by Industry, Says He’ll Recuse Himself if Needed Do DHA Supplements Make Babies Smarter? F.D.A. Approves First Drug to Treat Severe Multiple Sclerosis Travel » Slowing Down, Finding Hidden Paradise on St. John Frugal Traveler: In Kansas City, Barbecue, Beer and Bargains 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Victoria Falls (Zimbabwe Side) Books » Boom Times for the New Dystopians Essay: Arthur Miller’s Writ Against the Death Penalty Books of The Times: ‘Richard Nixon,’ Portrait of a Thin-Skinned, Media-Hating President Education » Betsy DeVos Calls for More School Choice, Saying Money Isn’t the Answer College Is the Goal. The Problem? Getting There. Supreme Court Rejects Education Minimum Applied by Gorsuch Food » Wine School: Meet the Introverted Extroverts of Ribeira Sacra Wine School: Your Next Lesson: Lambrusco A Good Appetite: Carrots, Striking and Sweet, Have Arrived Sunday Review » Opinion: Justice Springs Eternal Editorials: Congress’s Duty in the War With ISIS Frank Bruni: Trump’s Trainwreck Real Estate » How to Avoid Stress When You’re Moving Exclusive: Tyra Banks’s Mansion in the Sky Is on the Market 360 View: The Life of a Small-Time Landlord The Upshot » Public Health: Obamacare Choices Could Go From One to Zero in Some Areas Economic View: Caution Signals Are Blinking for the Trump Bull Market Trade Talks: Will Trump Go After Nafta With Tweezers or a Hammer? Magazine » Feature: Trump vs. Congress: Now What? Feature: The High Price of Leaving Ultra-Orthodox Life Feature: Those Indecipherable Medical Bills? They’re One Reason Health Care Costs So Much. Automobiles » Volkswagen to Pay 10 States Over Environmental Claims Driven: Video Review: Acura NSX, a Supercar in Almost All Ways Wheels: As Auto Prices Rise, Used Cars Are Looking Shinier T Magazine » Anna Wintour’s Wild Garden Martin Margiela Comes Back Into the Spotlight (Not That He Ever Left) My Bookshelf, Myself: My 10 Favorite Books: Viggo Mortensen Times Insider » An Expansive View of a Forgotten People Reporting the Reporting, Step by Step What We’re Reading Real Estate » 360 View The Life of a Small-Time Landlord By RONDA KAYSEN Small-property owners in New York City sometimes have a tough time making the business make sense. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Coke Takes Over From Pepsi as MLB Sponsor By E.J. Schultz - 2 hours ago Array 0 Watch the Newest Ads on TV From Samsung, Acer, Travelocity and More 3 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago Array 0 Maybe Watch This New 'Game of Thrones' Promo Instead of the Mike Flynn Show By Simon Dumenco - 6 hours ago Array 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 8 hours ago Array 0 Snapchat's New Search System Sifts Through 1 Million Stories By Garett Sloane - 5 hours ago 0 Maybe Watch This New 'Game of Thrones' Promo Instead of the Mike Flynn Show By Simon Dumenco - 6 hours ago 0 The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 8 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 11 hours ago 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 11 hours ago 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 10 hours ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Digital Advertising Tops TV in the U.S. for the First Time By Jeanine Poggi - 2 days ago 0 Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo. Published on March 31, 2017. Credit: Scott McIntyre/Bloomberg Most Popular JPMorgan Chase had a bold idea: Spurred by word that one of its ads had appeared on a website called Hillary 4 Prison, it would slash the number of sites where it advertises to 5,000 from some 400,000. To its surprise, the early going has brought no significant hit to effectiveness and no hike in prices. Its experiment, first reported Thursday by the New York Times, intensifies the spotlight on what many marketers consider a defective system for buying and selling digital advertising. Procter & Gamble, the world's biggest advertiser, has been threatening to stop spending money with ad tech firms and publishers that don't live up to its standards. Marketers are in revolt against YouTube after finding out that their ads were underwriting offensive video. Now the experience of JPMorgan Chase suggests that advertisers can find consumers at a good price even without using ad tech to pull together the farthest, and sometimes least known, reaches of the web. "They accidentally opened Pandora's box," said Jon Bond, co-chairman at full service digital agency The Shipyard, about JP Morgan Chase's recent experiment. "They were looking at brand safety and boom -- the performance box pops out." If enough other big advertisers follow its example, revenue could dry up for the countless small websites that use ad tech to send budgets their way. An industry buying ads from fewer websites would also, however, undoubtedly put an end to JPMorgan Chase's good fortune holding the line on prices. "I don't want to speculate," said Lauren Fisher, principal analyst at eMarketer. "But I can tell you it will come down to supply and demand." That in turn makes it less likely that advertisers boil down their ad buys en masse. Some would likely use entrenched ad tech systems to pursue the increasingly cheap inventory just abandoned by others -- precisely the sort of machinations that ad tech exists to enable. In an emailed statement, a Chase spokesman said it's early days, but confirmed that it hasn't seen any deterioration in performance. The financial institution said it believes in its newfound approach, adding that even if the company saw a dip in performance it "would still pursue a whitelist strategy because we believe it's the right thing to do." There's a "general consensus that something has to change in digital advertising," said Andrew Altersohn, CEO at Ad/Fin, a data company that aims to give marketers an index of prices across the digital spectrum. "The problem is it's hard to change something on a very fast moving tractor trailer." Programmatic ad tech "started out as a little tiny go kart but now it has taken off," he added. Digital advertising sales surpassed linear TV ad sales in the U.S. for the first time in 2016, pulling in $70 billion compared with $67 billion for national and local TV, according to a recent report by IPG Mediabrands' Magna. The problem with programmatic advertising is that "everybody grades their own homework," Mr. Altersohn said. "A lot of people in the supply chain have earned their money even though they placed an ad in the entirely wrong place." Related Stories As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money "This is now part of the marketing ecosystem and it is growing rapidly without any obvious benchmarks to judge," he added. Ben Clarke, president at The Shipyard, pumped the brakes a bit on the implications of JPMorgan Chase's recent move. "You have to be careful with someone like Chase," he said. "They have a very broad customer base and my counterintuitive notion has always been that the larger your audience, the fewer domains you actually need to be on." The Shipyard has performed numerous studies that measure the impact of sales when marketers make significant tweaks to their digital ad strategy. "It can take weeks to see results," Mr. Clarke said. "The changes Chase made aren't as dramatic as if they went completely dark for weeks because there's just some momentum with bigger brands that can carry forward for at least a period." What JPMorgan Chase does demonstrate is marketers' suddenly fast-growing willingness to take some control over their ad buys back from tech platforms. "I think a lot of the blowup has been about how the technology has failed," said Ms. Fisher, the eMarketer analyst. "But it is important for everyone to remember that even when we're using technology there needs to be some sort of human review and involvement to make sure the tech is working correctly and if it's not, to pivot and adjust appropriately." Contributing: Adrianne Pasquarelli In this article: Ad Tech Digital Financial Services Programmatic Technology Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley and HSBC said to join the party Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               Saudi Arabian Oil Co. has appointed JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and HSBC for key roles on its initial public offering, according to people familiar with the matter, as it moves ahead with its plans for what could be the world’s biggest share sale. Bloomberg News reports that the global banks will act as advisers on the listing, the people said, asking not to be named because the discussions are private. A representative for Aramco, as the company is known, said it doesn’t comment on rumors or speculation. Representatives for JPMorgan and Morgan Stanley declined to comment. HSBC didn’t immediately respond to a request. The appointments were reported earlier by Reuters. The banks will join Moelis & Co, Evercore Partners and Michael Klein, the former Citigroup investment banker, which have already won roles, people familiar with the matter said previously. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: Aramco Hires JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, HSBC for IPO Roles Wall Street's WhatsApp Secret: Illegal Texting Is Out of Control And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC M&A boom may be about to get ugly Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITCPublished now                                                                               The merger boom is about to get ugly, according to one of Wall Street’s top dealmakers. “I do think you are going to see an increase in unsolicited, hostile activity,” Kurt Simon, global chairman of mergers and acquisitions at JPMorgan Chase, said at a conference Thursday. Bloomberg News reports that PPG Industries Inc.’s unwanted overtures to Akzo Nobel NV, as well as Kraft Heinz Co.’s rebuffed attempt to buy Unilever, underscore how companies are attempting to push ahead with deals in the face of opposition, whether it’s political pushback or shareholder resistance. It’s proof that the takeover frenzy of the last two years is still going strong, despite factors that would seem to damp activity, Simon said at Tulane University’s Corporate Law Institute Conference in New Orleans. Companies are pushing ahead with consolidation despite political gridlock in Washington and policy changes in China that make it harder for corporations there to buy overseas. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: JPMorgan's Simon Says Mergers Could Get Ugly With Hostile Deals Aramco Hires JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, HSBC for IPO Roles And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Morgan Stanley - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Guy Gecht Sells 13,710 Shares of Electronics For Imaging, Inc. (EFII) Stock Insider Selling: Accenture Plc (ACN) COO Sells $596,300.00 in Stock Iv L.P. Evergreen Sells 16,213 Shares of Varonis Systems Inc (VRNS) Stock Hormel Foods Corp (HRL) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Morgan Stanley (MS) Lowered to “Sell” at Compass Point Nabriva Therapeutics AG -‘s (NBRV) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Needham & Company LLC J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Bonds Drop 1.8% During Trading Walter Investment Management Corp (WAC) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading Community Health Systems (CYH) Bonds Drop 0.8% During Trading Mayo Investment Advisers LLC Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Bought by Advisory Research Inc. Good Life Advisors LLC Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) LBA Wealth Management LLC Has $284,000 Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Analysts Expect CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Set $27.67 Target Price for Merus NV (MRUS) Zacks: Brokerages Set $17.50 Price Target for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) Axa SA (AXAHY) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts Zacks: Rhino Resource Partners, L.P. (RHNO) Given $5.40 Average Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Medgenics Inc (GNMX) Given $7.10 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (GLMD) Morgan Stanley (MS) Lowered to “Sell” at Compass Point March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Compass Point lowered shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) from a neutral rating to a sell rating in a report issued on Monday morning. The firm currently has $34.00 price target on the financial services provider’s stock. The analysts noted that the move was a valuation call. A number of other equities research analysts have also weighed in on MS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a buy rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Monday, November 28th. BMO Capital Markets restated a buy rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Deutsche Bank AG boosted their price objective on Morgan Stanley from $34.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock a hold rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Guggenheim restated a buy rating on shares of Morgan Stanley in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc started coverage on Morgan Stanley in a research report on Monday, December 5th. They set a hold rating and a $42.00 price objective on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and eighteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $39.70. Shares of Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) opened at 43.43 on Monday. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $45.23 and a 200 day moving average price of $40.04. Morgan Stanley has a one year low of $23.11 and a one year high of $47.33. The company has a market capitalization of $81.05 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.87 and a beta of 1.80. Morgan Stanley (NYSE:MS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 17th. The financial services provider reported $0.81 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.65 by $0.16. The business had revenue of $9 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $8.51 billion. Morgan Stanley had a return on equity of 8.48% and a net margin of 15.76%. Morgan Stanley’s quarterly revenue was up 16.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.43 EPS. On average, equities research analysts predict that Morgan Stanley will post $3.38 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/morgan-stanley-ms-lowered-to-sell-at-compass-point.html. In related news, President Thomas Colm Kelleher sold 182,027 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $43.82, for a total transaction of $7,976,423.14. Following the transaction, the president now directly owns 836,809 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $36,668,970.38. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CFO Paul C. Wirth sold 10,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 26th. The stock was sold at an average price of $44.25, for a total value of $442,500.00. Following the transaction, the chief financial officer now directly owns 216,038 shares in the company, valued at $9,559,681.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 506,897 shares of company stock worth $21,781,793 over the last three months. 0.35% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Salem Investment Counselors Inc. purchased a new position in Morgan Stanley during the third quarter worth $110,000. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust increased its position in Morgan Stanley by 6.4% in the third quarter. Parkside Financial Bank & Trust now owns 3,437 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 207 shares during the period. Sowell Financial Services LLC purchased a new position in Morgan Stanley during the fourth quarter worth $163,000. MCF Advisors LLC increased its position in Morgan Stanley by 0.6% in the third quarter. MCF Advisors LLC now owns 4,176 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $134,000 after buying an additional 26 shares during the period. Finally, First Manhattan Co. increased its position in Morgan Stanley by 2.4% in the third quarter. First Manhattan Co. now owns 4,294 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $137,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. 85.87% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Morgan Stanley Company Profile Morgan Stanley is a financial holding company. The Company’s segments include Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management. The Company’s Institutional Securities business segment provides investment banking, sales and trading, and other services to corporations, governments, financial institutions and high-to-ultra high net worth clients. Receive News & Ratings for Morgan Stanley Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Morgan Stanley and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Set $27.67 Target Price for Merus NV (MRUS) Zacks: Brokerages Set $17.50 Price Target for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) Axa SA (AXAHY) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts Zacks: Rhino Resource Partners, L.P. (RHNO) Given $5.40 Average Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Medgenics Inc (GNMX) Given $7.10 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (GLMD) Snap Inc (SNAP) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Summit Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP) Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Philippe F. Courtot Sells 20,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Fmr LLC Increases Stake in Intralinks Holdings Inc (IL) Fmr LLC Lowers Stake in Dean Foods Co (DF) Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Federated Investors Inc. PA Lowers Position in Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases New Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BATM Advanced Communications Ltd (BVC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Issued By SunTrust Banks Snap Inc (SNAP) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) in a research note issued to investors on Monday morning. The brokerage issued a neutral rating and a $24.00 target price on the stock. A number of other equities analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on shares of Snap in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a neutral rating and a $23.00 price target on the stock. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Cowen and Company began coverage on shares of Snap in a report on Monday. They issued an outperform rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. Pivotal Research reissued a sell rating and issued a $10.00 price target on shares of Snap in a report on Saturday, March 11th. Vetr raised shares of Snap from a hold rating to a buy rating and set a $20.33 price target on the stock in a report on Monday, March 20th. Finally, OTR Global began coverage on shares of Snap in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a positive rating and a $20.00 price target on the stock. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $23.14. Snap (NYSE:SNAP) opened at 22.23 on Monday. Snap has a 12-month low of $18.90 and a 12-month high of $29.44. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $22.15 and a 200 day moving average of $22.15. The company’s market capitalization is $18.59 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/snap-inc-snap-research-coverage-started-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Snap Company Profile Snap Inc, formerly Snapchat, Inc, is a camera company. The Company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that helps people to communicate through short videos and images known as a Snap. The Company offers three ways for people to make Snaps: the Snapchat application, Publishers Tools that help its partners to create Publisher Stories, and Spectacles, its sunglasses that make Snaps. Receive News & Ratings for Snap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Hanmi Financial Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Federated Investors Inc. PA Lowers Position in Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases New Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BATM Advanced Communications Ltd (BVC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Issued By SunTrust Banks Scott J. Deboer Sells 51,500 Shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Stock Comerica Bank Boosts Stake in Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) State Street Corp Buys 32,058 Shares of Innophos Holdings, Inc. (IPHS) State Street Corp Raises Stake in Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) State Street Corp Reduces Position in Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Position Decreased by State Street Corp EarthLink Holdings Corp. (ELNK) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 7,446 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN) Xerox Corp’s (XRX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Downgraded by OTR Global Scotiabank Reiterates $17.00 Price Target for Statoil ASA (STO) Statoil ASA (STO) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases New Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Federated Investors Inc. PA purchased a new position in shares of Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 5,488 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $192,000. Other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Opus Capital Group LLC increased its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 1.9% in the third quarter. Opus Capital Group LLC now owns 200,408 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,279,000 after buying an additional 3,687 shares in the last quarter. ClariVest Asset Management LLC purchased a new stake in Hanmi Financial Corp during the third quarter worth about $190,000. LSV Asset Management increased its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 13.3% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 841,794 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,172,000 after buying an additional 98,700 shares in the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 5.6% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 418,384 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,020,000 after buying an additional 22,060 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Hanmi Financial Corp by 4.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 962,106 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,342,000 after buying an additional 42,176 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 86.36% of the company’s stock. Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) opened at 31.00 on Friday. Hanmi Financial Corp has a 52 week low of $20.64 and a 52 week high of $35.85. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $32.20 and its 200-day moving average price is $30.55. The company has a market capitalization of $991.57 million, a P/E ratio of 17.71 and a beta of 0.98. Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.45 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.43 by $0.02. Hanmi Financial Corp had a return on equity of 10.81% and a net margin of 26.70%. Equities research analysts expect that Hanmi Financial Corp will post $1.89 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases New Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/federated-investors-inc-pa-purchases-new-stake-in-hanmi-financial-corp-hafc.html. A number of research firms have issued reports on HAFC. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Hanmi Financial Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. FBR & Co boosted their price target on Hanmi Financial Corp from $38.00 to $39.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, one has issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $31.40. About Hanmi Financial Corp Hanmi Financial Corporation is the holding company for Hanmi Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a community bank conducting general business banking, with its primary market encompassing the Korean-American community, as well as other ethnic communities across California, Colorado, Georgia, Illinois, New York, Texas, Virginia and Washington. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HAFC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Hanmi Financial Corp (NASDAQ:HAFC). Receive News & Ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Hanmi Financial Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow @triplepundit 47.6k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit New Economy & Social Innovation Global Forum – With 3p Discount! NESI Forum 2017 is the unique Global Forum on New Economy and Social Innovation that brings together for the first time in history the main international representatives of the so-called New Economic Movements (NEMs). [REGISTER HERE] April 19-22: Malaga Spain Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit JPMorgan: We Moderated Our Online Advertising, And Nothing Changed by Leon Kaye on Friday, Mar 31st, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Banking giant JPMorgan Chase slashed its online advertising this month, and its online presence remained more or less the same, the New York Times reported on Wednesday. Just a month ago, ads for Chase banking and other JPMorgan services could be found on over 400,000 sites, the company told Times reporter Sapna Meheshwari. But in the wake of a backlash against companies that advertise on fake news portals or sites such as Breitbart, the company slashed its online advertising down to approximately 5,000 pre-approved sites. Despite limiting the Internet properties on which it advertises, JPMorgan claims that it has seen almost no changes in the cost of impressions (the instances a banner ad appears on a webpage) or the visibility of the company in the online world. JPMorgan says it is being far more judicious about where its ads appear across the web, and that includes alongside online video content as well. Last week, the banking giant joined Johnson & Johnson and other widely-known brands in suspending their advertising spend on YouTube as some users had reportedly seen such ads alongside offensive videos. Additional companies, including Coca-Cola, PepsiCo, Walmart and Dish Network, also announced that they would cease advertising on YouTube due to similar complaints. That news rocked Alphabet, the parent company of Google, as YouTube had emerged as one of the company’s more popular and profitable ventures. Shortly after those companies’ announcements, Alphabet’s stock price dropped 1.2 percent, though it has since then recovered. The sudden avoidance of YouTube and other internet sites is a blow to programmatic advertising, which had surged in popularity in recent years. Advertisers, especially those representing consumer brands, have eschewed ad buys on individual web sites as the technology that allows for targeting based on people’s web browsing habits became far more cost effective. As a result, someone browsing the web could see that smartphone ad on a popular web property or random individual technology blog. And if you were close to purchasing a product on a site such as Amazon, but either changed your mind or just forgot to follow through, programmatic advertising is why you might see that same gizmo appearing on various web sites week after week despite your loss of interest. This shift in advertising will hurt many third-party advertising companies, who are largely responsible for these large ad buys. And this trend could also hurt smaller web sites, as they reap some financial benefits from these massive ad purchases. The average internet user, however, may be relieved – as in the author of this article, who has often been rankled over the fact that every time he posts an article about Armenia or Armenians on his personal site, banners for the dating service “Armenian Friends” often appear. And this shift is hardly fool-proof, as the Times has also reported that some brands attempting to block their ads from appearing on Breitbart or similar sites could find their ads occasionally sneak through anyway. Nevertheless, JPMorgan’s change in tactics shows how the current political climate can prove toxic for brands and their advertising partners. Whether or not a company wants to appear aligned or distant from Donald Trump – or any controversial public figure or organization, for that matter – the sword cuts both ways. Depending on the product or service, half of a company’s customers will be jubilant, while the other half enraged. But as the growing outrage over fake news proliferates, paired with the growing evidence of Russia’s influence on the past election – and ensuing cover-up – the vast majority of marketing and brand managers will err on the side of caution. Image credit: Joe Montiel/Flickr Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6477 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: These Consumer Engagement Campaigns Prove Companies Still Care Can Lyft Take Advantage of Uber’s Misdeeds? Not As A ‘Better Boyfriend’ JPMorgan: We Moderated Our Online Advertising, And Nothing Changed Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Unilever plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Unilever plc (UL) ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research National Instruments Corp (NATI) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Johnston Press plc (JPR) Srinivas Akkaraju Acquires 571,429 Shares of Versartis Inc (VSAR) Stock Equity Opportunities Iv Growth Buys 6,000,000 Shares of AVEO Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AVEO) Stock Whitbread plc’s (WTB) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. YouGov Plc (YOU) PT Raised to GBX 292 at Numis Securities Ltd FinnCap Reiterates “Corporate” Rating for Zoo Digital Group plc (ZOO) Short Interest in Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. (SINO) Increases By 57.5% Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Short Interest Up 58.3% in March Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Receives $15.33 Average PT from Analysts Infinera Corp. (INFN) Receives $10.28 Average PT from Analysts M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Receives $28.50 Average Target Price from Analysts First Analysis Comments on Albany Molecular Research, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AMRI) Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research XOMA Co. (XOMA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Croda International Plc (CRDA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Unilever plc (UL) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued their neutral rating on shares of Unilever plc (NYSE:UL) in a research note released on Tuesday. A number of other research analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. Liberum Capital reissued a hold rating on shares of Unilever plc in a research report on Monday. Barclays PLC raised shares of Unilever plc from an equal weight rating to an overweight rating in a research report on Saturday, March 25th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a sell rating on shares of Unilever plc in a research report on Friday, March 24th. Macquarie began coverage on shares of Unilever plc in a research report on Friday, March 17th. They set an outperform rating on the stock. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised shares of Unilever plc from an underperform rating to a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, February 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $46.00. Unilever plc (NYSE:UL) opened at 49.63 on Tuesday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $47.51 and its 200-day moving average is $43.53. The company has a market capitalization of $140.93 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.39 and a beta of 0.82. Unilever plc has a 52-week low of $38.58 and a 52-week high of $50.61. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Unilever plc (UL)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/jpmorgan-chase-co-reaffirms-neutral-rating-for-unilever-plc-ul.html. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 10th were given a dividend of $0.339 per share. This represents a $1.36 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.73%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, February 8th. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Intellectus Partners LLC acquired a new stake in Unilever plc during the fourth quarter worth $122,000. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. increased its stake in Unilever plc by 147.4% in the third quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 2,726 shares of the company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 1,624 shares in the last quarter. Perigon Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in Unilever plc during the fourth quarter worth $130,000. Assetmark Inc. increased its stake in Unilever plc by 26.5% in the third quarter. Assetmark Inc. now owns 3,248 shares of the company’s stock worth $154,000 after buying an additional 681 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Chicago Partners Investment Group LLC acquired a new stake in Unilever plc during the third quarter worth $161,000. 8.60% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Unilever plc Unilever PLC is a supplier of food, home and personal care products. The Company’s portfolio ranges from nutritionally balanced foods to indulgent ice creams, soaps, shampoos and household care products. The Company operates through four segments: Personal Care, Foods, Home Care and Refreshment. The Personal Care segment includes sales of skin care and hair care products, deodorants and oral care products. Receive News & Ratings for Unilever plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Unilever plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 163/4 (31.1) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Money EMERGING MARKETS-FinMin exit hits S.Africa; EM stocks and FX enjoy strong Q1 Shares1 Fri, 31 Mar 2017-02:19pm , Reuters South African assets took a tumble on Friday after President Jacob Zuma fired Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan following days of speculation, replacing him with the relatively unknown head of home affairs Malusi Gigaba. The rand dropped as much as 2.4 percent in a fifth straight session of losses before regaining some ground against the dollar. It is poised for a weekly loss of nearly 8 percent -- its worst week in 15 months. Local bonds were hit hard, with yields in the benchmark flirting with the 9 percent mark while Eurobond yields soared across the curve. The sacking of Gordhan, seen as a steady and reliable hand in policymaking by investors, came as part of a wider cabinet reshuffle, the latest chapter exposing deepening rifts and divisions within the government of Africa's most industrialised economy. The turmoil comes as South Africa is facing reviews by credit ratings agencies that could see it lose investment-grade status and make it more costly to borrow. "There could be potential political ramifications of the cabinet reshuffle, as reflected by indications by opposition parties for a vote of no-confidence and impeachment motion," JPMorgan Chase's Sonja Keller wrote in a note to clients. She added that she did not expect a substantial shift in the policy framework in the next 12-18 months, although "this recent rhetoric may lead ratings agencies and market participants to perceive a greater level of policy uncertainty near-term". JPMorgan Chase has cut its position in South African local bonds and currency to medium-weight from overweight, Keller said, Poised for monthly losses, the rand was still on track to end the quarter 2 percent stronger as emerging market assets enjoyed a buoyant start to the year. With the dollar on track for its worst quarter in a year, currencies elsewhere ended the week and month on a brighter note. Russia's rouble, up 0.3 percent on the day, was on track for a monthly rise of 4.5 percent and a quarterly gain of nearly 10 percent -- the strongest quarter since the start of 2012 -- as the country emerges from a bruising recession and supported by stabilising oil prices. Turkey's lira strengthened 0.3 percent as data showed the economy grew a greater-than-expected 2.9 percent in 2016, bouncing back in the final three months of the year after a contraction in the third quarter. The lira is on track to eke out gains for a second month but not enough to make up for a dismal start to the year, and is poised for a fourth straight quarter of weakening. Emerging stocks -- on track for the third consecutive months of gain and their best quarter since the start of 2012 -- fell 0.8 percent on the day, with bourses in Asia chalking up heavy losses. For GRAPHIC on emerging market FX performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2e7eoml For GRAPHIC on MSCI emerging index performance 2017, see http://tmsnrt.rs/2dZbdP5 For CENTRAL EUROPE market report, see For TURKISH market report, see For RUSSIAN market report, see) Emerging Markets Prices from Reuters Equities Latest Net Chg % Chg % Chg on year Morgan Stanley Emrg Mkt Indx 961.21 -8.26 -0.85 +11.47 Czech Rep 981.98 -1.69 -0.17 +6.55 Poland 2199.00 -10.10 -0.46 +12.89 Hungary 31895.89 -248.78 -0.77 -0.33 Romania 8054.19 +35.72 +0.45 +13.68 Greece 665.71 -4.71 -0.70 +3.43 Russia 1130.03 -7.23 -0.64 -1.94 South Africa 45318.78 +98.39 +0.22 +3.23 Turkey 89278.74 -3.51 +0.00 +14.26 China 3222.60 +12.37 +0.39 +3.83 India 29598.47 -48.95 -0.17 +11.16 Currencies Latest Prev Local Local close currency currency % change % change in 2017 Czech Rep 27.04 27.12 +0.30 -0.13 Poland 4.22 4.21 -0.24 +4.34 Hungary 308.71 308.51 -0.06 +0.04 Romania 4.55 4.55 +0.06 -0.26 Serbia 123.77 123.85 +0.06 -0.34 Russia 56.02 56.08 +0.10 +9.36 Kazakhstan 313.20 314.81 +0.51 +6.53 Ukraine 27.01 26.95 -0.22 -0.04 South Africa 13.47 13.29 -1.36 +1.91 Kenya 102.80 102.90 +0.10 -0.42 Israel 3.63 3.63 -0.02 +6.08 Turkey 3.64 3.65 +0.23 -3.18 China 6.89 6.89 -0.07 +0.75 India 64.85 64.85 +0.00 +4.78 Brazil 3.15 3.15 -0.02 +3.32 Mexico 18.67 18.72 +0.23 +10.93 Debt Index Strip Spd Chg %Rtn Index Sov'gn Debt EMBIG 325 1 .11 7 69.37 1 (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Auto dealers are selling BS III cars in bulk to get around ban: EPCA Money RBI closes demonetization deposit window for Indians abroad; NRIs can still queue up Money Small savings schemes will fetch 0.1% less interest now Money GST Council to discuss, decide tax rates in May Money Kudakulam nuclear plant's second unit starts operations Money Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77 per litre, diesel price down by Rs 2.91 per litre Live Cricket Score Live SL 163/4 (31.1) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Video Watch: Indian skipper Virat Kohli recieves Padma Shri Award Watch | This heart-wrenching true story of a transgender mother has all the right feels! WATCH | This Sikh man has a unique way to protest hate crimes in the US! View all Tags SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News MP Govt vows to reform Romeos, bring bill to hang rapists Macau gambling revenue rises 18 pct in March as high rollers return Shame on you Mr Parrikar and your hunger for Power, tweets Digvijaya Singh Centre seems to be 'unperturbed' by farmers' issues Stalin WORLD NEWS SCHEDULE AT 0600 GMT/2 AM ET @ 4/1/2017 11:36:41 AM Sport Soccer-Japanese championship results and standings Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Cricket-Ashwin, Vijay to miss IPL, Kohli out for part of tournament Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Entertainment FLASHBACK: When Shah Rukh Khan asked Priyanka Chopra if she would marry a star like him! Kevin Spacey, Michelle Williams to star in Ridley Scott's next BREAKING! Sunil Grover BACK on The Kapil Sharma Show! Akshay Kumar has a unique way to promote 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' Laila singer Pawni Pandey takes a DIG at Priyanka Chopra and Parineeti Chopra! Money Shell firms: ED searches at 100 places in 16 states Solar capacity addition estimated at 7~7.5 GW in FY2018, says ICRA Petroleum Minister Dharmendra Pradhan confirms target of BS-VI fuel by 2020 Maruti sales rise 8.1 pc in March at 1,39,763 units ED raids over 100 locations to crackdown over 300 shell companies Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Whitbread plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Whitbread plc’s (WTB) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. YouGov Plc (YOU) PT Raised to GBX 292 at Numis Securities Ltd FinnCap Reiterates “Corporate” Rating for Zoo Digital Group plc (ZOO) Short Interest in Sino-Global Shipping America, Ltd. (SINO) Increases By 57.5% Multi-Color Co. (LABL) Short Interest Up 58.3% in March Ashford Hospitality Prime Inc (AHP) Receives $15.33 Average PT from Analysts Infinera Corp. (INFN) Receives $10.28 Average PT from Analysts M.D.C. Holdings, Inc. (MDC) Receives $28.50 Average Target Price from Analysts First Analysis Comments on Albany Molecular Research, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (AMRI) Welltower Inc (HCN) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research XOMA Co. (XOMA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Croda International Plc (CRDA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Deutsche Bank AG Petra Diamonds Limited’s (PDL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. AO World PLC (AO) Given New GBX 140 Price Target at JPMorgan Chase & Co. RSA Insurance Group plc’s (RSA) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. KB Home (KBH) Sets New 1-Year High Following Analyst Upgrade Investors Buy Shares of HCA Holdings Inc (HCA) on Weakness After Insider Selling Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Flex Ltd (FLEX) to Hold Cypress Semiconductor Co. (CY) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Needham & Company LLC CV Holdings Inc (CBF) Receives $42.40 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Whitbread plc’s (WTB) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co. March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated their neutral rating on shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) in a research note released on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 3,965 ($49.83) target price on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on WTB. Numis Securities Ltd reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($52.78) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Friday, January 13th. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating and set a GBX 3,939 ($49.50) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Monday, February 20th. Panmure Gordon reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 3,800 ($47.76) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Morgan Stanley reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 4,700 ($59.07) target price on shares of Whitbread plc in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets dropped their target price on shares of Whitbread plc from GBX 3,500 ($43.99) to GBX 3,300 ($41.47) and set a reduce rating on the stock in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have given a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 4,190.93 ($52.67). Shares of Whitbread plc (LON:WTB) opened at 3938.00 on Tuesday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 7.17 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 3,897.00 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 3,801.59. Whitbread plc has a 52 week low of GBX 3,283.00 and a 52 week high of GBX 4,402.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Whitbread plc’s (WTB) Neutral Rating Reiterated at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/whitbread-plcs-wtb-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In related news, insider David Atkins acquired 1,425 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 3,943 ($49.55) per share, with a total value of £56,187.75 ($70,614.24). Also, insider Louise Smalley sold 5,377 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 1st. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,814 ($47.93), for a total transaction of £205,078.78 ($257,733.79). Whitbread plc Company Profile Whitbread PLC is a hospitality company. The Company operates hotels, coffee shops and restaurants. The Company operates in two segments: Hotels & Restaurants, and Costa. The Hotels & Restaurants segment provides services in relation to accommodation and food. The Costa segment consists of operations of its branded, owned and franchised coffee outlets. Receive News & Ratings for Whitbread plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Whitbread plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Siemens AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Siemens AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Receives GBX 475.91 Consensus PT from Analysts Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Earns “Buy” Rating from MKM Partners C R Bard Inc (BCR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aviva Plc (AVVIY) to Sell Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) PT Lowered to $4.00 Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Siemens AG (FRA:SIE) received a €126.00 ($136.96) price target from equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Several other brokerages have also commented on SIE. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Siemens AG in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Morgan Stanley set a €106.00 ($115.22) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, December 8th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €140.00 ($152.17) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. BNP Paribas set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €124.00 ($134.78) price target on shares of Siemens AG and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, December 16th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of €125.95 ($136.90). Siemens AG (FRA:SIE) opened at 126.952 on Wednesday. The firm has a market capitalization of €102.71 billion and a P/E ratio of 17.878. Siemens AG has a 12 month low of €86.85 and a 12 month high of €127.80. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €123.21 and its 200 day moving average price is €113.42. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/siemens-ag-sie-given-a-126-00-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. Siemens AG Company Profile Siemens AG is an integrated technology company with activities in the fields of industry, energy and healthcare. Siemens operates in six segments: Industry, Energy, Healthcare, Equity Investments, Siemens IT Solutions and Services and Siemens Financial Services (SFS). Industry, Energy and Healthcare are reported along with 14 divisions, which comprise the divisions, Industry Automation, Drive Technologies, Building Technologies, OSRAM, Industry Solutions and Mobility, belonging to the Industry Sector, the Divisions, Fossil Power Generation, Renewable Energy, Oil and Gas, Power Transmission and Power Distribution, belonging to the Energy Sector and the Divisions, Imaging and Information Technology (IT), Workflow and Solutions and Diagnostics, belonging to the Healthcare Sector. Receive News & Ratings for Siemens AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Siemens AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events /columns/01 April 2017. 8am /columns/01 April 2017. 8am /columns/01 April 2017. 8am /columns/01 April 2017. 8am Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 06 April 2017. 6pm 20 April 2017. 6pm 09 May 2017. 6pm 18 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Dr. Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing In the Papers - Jet2, DFS, Toyota, Poundland Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:15 31 Mar 2017 Newspaper Summary The Times Westinghouse reactor passes U.K. test: Westinghouse has been granted regulatory approval for its nuclear reactor design to be used in the U.K., a day after it filed for bankruptcy protection. Apprentice levy ‘doomed to fail’: The government’s apprenticeship levy lacks focus and targets the wrong industries, a report by MPs claims. Global banks tell thousands of City staff to prepare for Brexodus: JP Morgan Chase is in talks to buy a Dublin office building as one of its strategies to cope with Brexit, while Citigroup has warned staff to brace for a “hard” departure. Stock exchange Chief to make £5 million from failed Deutsche Börse deal: The Boss of the London Stock Exchange will receive a £5 million boost from the collapse of the merger with Deutsche Börse because he will not waive share options that he agreed to give up if the deal went through. Broker reaps bumper cash harvest: An expansion of business in North America and Asia has helped Marex Spectron to make annual pre-tax profits of $27 million, up 56%, despite gross revenues for the London-based commodities broker dropping by $17 million to $330 million as a result of its unprofitable business lines. DFS may make more sofas in Britain to fight falling pound: The Chief Executive of DFS Furniture has warned that the U.K.’s biggest sofa retailer may have to change its supply arrangements and the products it stocks to cope with disruptions caused by the post-referendum slide in sterling. CMC defies crackdown to stay in play with spread betting clients: The regulatory crackdown on spread betting has not stopped one of the country’s largest financial trading providers from recording a rise in client numbers. Albanese leaves Vedanta with room at the top: Vedanta Resources has begun the hunt for a new Chief Executive after Tom Albanese said that he would quit the India-focused mining group in August. Saïd plans $330 million punt on London property: Wafic Saïd, the billionaire former arms dealer and long-time Conservative backer, plans to invest $1 billion in property around the world, with a third of the money being allocated to London. Race for share of Aramco float fees: Three of the world’s biggest banks have joined the line-up to lead the largest flotation in history as preparations get under way for the $2 trillion listing of Saudi Aramco, the Middle East kingdom’s oil and gas group. Weak pound helps Imperial to overcome fall in volumes: Brexit has proved a positive for Imperial Brands as the tobacco group revealed that a fall in volumes in the first half was more than offset by a weak pound. The Independent Poor workers’ rent bill swallows 40% of wages: Care workers, cleaners and shops assistants face being forced to spend more than 40% of their earnings on rent in all nine English regions, according to research by the National Housing Federation (NHF). Tech firms prepare for crunch meeting with Home Secretary Amber Rudd: Technology firms are preparing for a crunch meeting with Home Secretary Amber Rudd on Thursday amid accusations over the role of encrypted messaging services in the London terror attack. A company is selling high-heels for babies, and people are not happy: A U.S. company selling high-heels for babies has faced outrage from consumers with some accusing the firm of over-sexualising children. U.S. economy grew at 2.1% rate in final months of Obama’s Presidency: The American economy grew at an annual rate of 2.1% in the last three months of 2016, the final full quarter of Barack Obama’s eight-year Presidency. Top BlackRock investor says he hasn’t given up hope on the pound: One of asset manager BlackRock’s most senior investment officers has said that he still believes in the pound even as the countdown to Brexit rings in an era of intense financial uncertainty for markets. Charging for coffee cups could cut 25,000 tonnes of waste: Charging coffee lovers for every disposable cup they use could cut the number thrown away in the U.K. by up to 300 million every year, new research suggests. Toyota recalls 3 million cars after exploding airbags linked to deaths: Toyota is recalling 2.9 million vehicles in Japan, China, Oceania and other regions including its Corolla Axio and RAV4 due to potentially faulty airbag inflators. U.K. greenhouse gases now 42% lower than they were in 1990: U.K. greenhouse gas emissions are now 42% lower than they were in 1990, according to new Government figures. Plunging price of renewable energy makes end of fossil fuels inevitable, says report: The transition from fossil fuels to renewable energy “now appears irreversible” as the cost of green power plunges, according to a new report. McDonald’s to serve quarter pounders with fresh beef: Fast food giant McDonald’s has announced that it will soon be serving fresh, rather than frozen beef, in all quarter pounders served at its restaurants in the U.S. The Daily Telegraph Self-driving cars could lend ‘£8 billion boost to U.K. economy’: Self-driving cars could deliver an £8 billion a year boost to the economy by giving people with disabilities the ability to travel more freely, increasing their education and earnings potential. Guardian Boss linked with Channel 4 role: The Chief Executive of the publisher of the Guardian newspaper is poised to join the race to become the new Boss of Channel 4. Oxford University’s Spybiotech raises £4 million in seed funding to tackle pandemics: An Oxford University company developing a biological superglue to tackle diseases and pandemics has won £4 million of early-stage backing from Google’s venture capital arm GV and Oxford Sciences Innovation (OSI), allowing it to spin out into an independent business. Manchester leads the way as sector shows signs of life: Manchester has been revealed as a hotspot for build-to-rent construction, nearly eclipsing London. Government opens the floodgates to water market competition: The U.K.’s water market is set for its biggest transformation since privatisation as it opens for competition between suppliers from this weekend. Gambling outsider’s hire as William Hill CFO welcomed: William Hill could make more changes among its rank after the company hired Ruth Prior as Chief financial officer. Chairman of oil explorer Bowleven steps down after boardroom cull: The Chairman of Bowleven has stepped down from the company after surviving a boardroom cull, in a move that should clear the way for a dismantling of the embattled oil producer. The Questor Column: Once a ‘total dog’, this India trust has rebounded – but the 20% discount remains: India Capital Growth is below the radar of many investors and has had a chequered past. But under a new management team it is well placed to exploit the huge opportunities in the subcontinent, according to Nick Greenwood, in whose Miton Global Opportunities trust India Capital Growth is the largest holding. Mr. Greenwood said the prospects for the Indian economy “just keep getting better”. He said the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, was “no Thatcher” but a good administrator whose reforms would directly benefit Indian companies. The tax harmonisation, along with the recent withdrawal of large denomination banknotes, is expected to encourage more of the Indian economy to move away from informal structures and into the mainstream. This, said Mr. Greenwood, was positive for listed companies as they currently lose some business to informal rivals. The trust is largely focused on medium-sized companies, a sector where valuations are lower in India than in some Western markets, he added. Mr. Greenwood has all his self-invested pension money invested in the Miton trust. Other fund managers have pointed to further positive developments in India, such as Mr. Modi’s recent election victory, which should ensure political stability for seven years, the introduction of high-speed internet and the roll-out of a social security system. Such a promising background and the performance of the trust under its new management make the current 19.8% discount seem excessive. The “ongoing” annual charge, 1.98%, is high but not unreasonable for a specialist fund such as this. Questor says ‘Buy’. The Guardian Leading City firms begin to lay groundwork for London jobs exodus: A growing number of leading City firms have revealed they are now laying the groundwork for an exodus of thousands of jobs from London after Britain’s vote to leave to EU. New John Lewis Boss warns of further job cuts and price rises: The new Boss of the John Lewis department store chain has warned of more job cuts this year and possible price rises as she said shoppers’ behaviour was changing “profoundly and fast”. HSBC offers choice of transgender titles for bank’s customers: HSBC is to offer its transgender community a choice of 10 new gender-neutral titles as part of its plan to improve the banking experience for customers. Energy price cap would damage competition, says SSE Boss: Alistair Phillips-Davies, Chief Executive of SSE, said that it was disappointing that the retail energy market was still facing intervention having just undergone an 18-month investigation by the competition watchdog. Poundland takes on Asda with low-cost clothing range: Poundland is to put value fashion into more than 100 stores by the end of the year as it tries to step into the gap on the high street once filled by Woolworths. Tobacco display ban hits sales at Budgens and Londis owner: Booker, the wholesaler behind convenience store brands including Budgens and Londis, which is the target of a £3.7 billion takeover by Tesco, has suffered a sharp fall in tobacco sales after a ban on displaying cigarette packets in shops. Daily Mail Former BP Boss Tony Hayward and financier Nat Rothschild lose millions of pounds as their venture in Iraqi Kurdistan fails to take off: Former BP Boss Tony Hayward and financier Nat Rothschild have lost millions of pounds as their venture in Iraqi Kurdistan failed to take off. The pair’s stock in Genel Energy has plunged in value as its main oil field turned out to be less lucrative than thought. We must reinvent great British department store, says new John Lewis Boss Paula Nickolds: The new Boss of John Lewis wants to ‘reinvent’ the department store chain by stocking more of its own brands and enticing shoppers with new services. Boss of Legal & General has just hired a City superwoman, but admits...Alpha females stop talented women from making it to the top: Nigel Wilson has five very good reasons for helping women smash the glass ceiling at Britain’s biggest companies: his troop of daughters, now aged between 20 and 33. BP helping set up wood chip plant in Hull that will create around 30 jobs: BP is helping set up a wood chip plant in Hull that will create around 30 jobs. The factory will produce around 30,000 tons a year of specially treated wood chips for the construction industry. It will be located at BP’s chemicals site in Salt End, Hull, which makes acetic acid for products including paints, adhesives and medicines. Budget chain EasyHotel left red-faced as it loses battle with town planners after expanding site without permission: Budget chain EasyHotel has been left red-faced as it lost its battle with town planners after expanding a site without permission. Daily Express Pound jumps against euro as Germany’s inflation data shocks markets: THE pound surged against the euro as German inflation fell short of expectations to give a big setback for the European Central Bank (ECB) programme to support the eurozone economy. Financial fraud tops £768 million as impersonation scams and cyber-attacks drive increase: Financial fraud losses involving payment cards, remote banking and cheques totalled £768.8 million in 2016, an increase of two% on the previous year. Deutsche Bank hits out at Brexit claiming PM’s negotiation strategy is ‘unrealistic’: Deutsche Bank has blasted Theresa May’s strategy on Brexit negotiations after the Prime Minister triggered Article 50. Dollar reaches nine-day high as euro drops: The dollar edged up to a nine-day high against a basket of currencies on Thursday, with the euro sagging as the European Central Bank showed no sign of stepping away from monetary easing anytime soon. The Scottish Herald Sigma Capital to launch REIT: Edinburgh property finance business Sigma Capital has unveiled plans to launch a real estate investment trust (REIT) to use as a long-term holding vehicle for its private rented sector assets. Funeral Directors welcome regulations: New regulations aimed at funeral Directors will enhance trust in the industry and benefit bereaved families, a conference will be told. North-east shows signs of recovery from steep decline: Scottish firms are facing strong inflationary pressures and have achieved only modest growth, while falling investment has raised concerns that Brexit is weighing on them, but the oil sector-induced downturn in the north-east appears to have troughed. Plexus highlights impact of North Sea downturn: Oil and gas engineering firm Plexus Holdings has highlighted continued tough conditions in the North Sea as the company announced a sharp fall in first half sales. SSE on track for profits boost but bumps ahead: Energy giant SSE is expected to report earnings ahead of target, driven in part by an increase in operating profits in its wholesale division. Royal London shrugs off rate cut: Royal London has shrugged off the cut in interest rates and a “turbulent year in markets and politics” to increase pre-tax profits by 16% to £282 million. Profits dip at pool firm Barr + Wray: Barr + Wray, the luxury swimming pool specialist, has reported an 18% fall in profits in its last financial year – in line with company forecasts, writes Scott Wright. ScottishPower deploys lasers as part of investment to protect overhead lines: Scottishpower has revealed it is deploying lasers as part of efforts to minimise power cuts caused by trees and branches falling on overhead lines during storms. Frontier IP makes progress: Edinburgh-based Frontier IP, which invests in firms that spin out from universities, said the fair value of its portfolio increased 15% in first half, to £5.4 million at 31 December from £4.7 million at 30 June. Lord Wallace is the latest heavy-hitter to join ICAS: Lord Wallace of Tankerness, the former deputy first Minister and Advocate General, has been appointed by ICAS (Institute of Chartered Surveyors Scotland) to its regulation board. Barrhead Travel launches drive for 120 staff: Barrhead Travel has unveiled plans to take on 120 staff, in roles such as sales, web development and marketing, as it rolls out its expansion strategy this year. The Scotsman Scottish gold to hit shelves ‘in months’ says miner: The company developing Scotland’s first commercial gold mine said its precious metal will be sold into the jewellery trade “within months”. Scrap £180 million farm payments system, urges NFU.S. President: The Scottish Government has invested £180 million in the computer system responsible for farm payments but NFU Scotland President Andrew McCornick claims this “expensive and badly functioning” piece of equipment should be consigned to the scrapheap. Royal Bank of Scotland names Helen Cook as HR Chief: Helen Cook has been appointed as the new Chief HR officer at Royal Bank of Scotland. SSE to charge up dividend despite facing tough outlook: Utility giant SSE is on track to increase its full-year dividend by at least the rate of inflation despite flagging lower earnings at its retail gas and electricity arm. Positive moves provide shot in arm for life sciences: Another day, and another significant announcement from a Scottish life sciences firm. City A.M. U.K. SMEs raise revenue growth projections for the year but expect higher price inflation to affect business: Small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) in the U.K. have raised their revenue growth projections for the third quarter in a row, a report by Capital Economics for Amazon and entrepreneur network Enterprise Nation has found. Jet2 spreads its wings with new base at London Stansted flying to the likes of Ibiza, Alicante and Crete: Leeds-based low-cost airline Jet2 has ramped up its growth plans with the launch of flights and holidays from London Stansted to the likes of Alicante and Lanzarote. Elizabeth Line steams ahead with £200 million funding from the City of London Corporation: The City of London Corporation has paid £200 million towards developing the Elizabeth Line, after the construction accomplished four milestones the funding was contingent on. North Sea decommissioning costs set at $100 billion, but could double or triple due to inconsistencies among operators: Decommissioning oil and gas wells in the North Sea is set to cost $100 billion (£79.97 billion) across the U.K., Norway, the Netherlands and Denmark, and new research warns that figure could double or even triple. Mace still isn’t happy with HS2 and wants the whole tender process rerun for controverisal contract as legal threat looms: CH2 million pulled out of a controversial £170 million contract to design the second phase of HS2, citing “ongoing speculation”, but the saga may not be over just yet. Sales of U.K. homes have reached a 10-year high: The number of house sales agreed in the U.K. rose to a 10-year high in February 2017, according to figures released by the National Association of Estate Agents (NAEA) Propertymark. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any  research has been produced by an independent third party provider.  Further details can be provided on request.  Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report.  However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report.  This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete.  The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell.  The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report.  Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions.  Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down.  Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance.   Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio.  Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss.   No investment advice The Company is a publisher and is not registered with or authorised by the Financial Services Authority (FSA). You understand and agree that no content published on the Site constitutes a recommendation that any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, or investment strategy is suitable or advisable for any specific person. You further understand that none of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, advisability, value or suitability of any particular security, portfolio of securities, transaction, investment strategy, or other matter. You understand that the Site may contain opinions from time to time with regard to securities mentioned in other products, including company related products, and that those opinions may be different from those obtained by using another product related to the Company. You understand and agree that contributors may write about securities in which they or their firms have a position, and that they may trade such securities for their own account. In cases where the position is held at the time of publication and such position is known to the Company, appropriate disclosure is made. However, you understand and agree that at the time of any transaction that you make, one or more contributors may have a position in the securities written about. You understand that price and other data is supplied by sources believed to be reliable, that the calculations herein are made using such data, and that neither such data nor such calculations are guaranteed by these sources, the Company, the information providers or any other person or entity, and may not be complete or accurate. From time to time, reference may be made in our marketing materials to prior articles and opinions we have published. These references may be selective, may reference only a portion of an article or recommendation, and are likely not to be current. As markets change continuously, previously published information and data may not be current and should not be relied upon.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Newspaper Briefing http://www.guardianstockbrokers.com Newspaper Briefing informs you of what is happening in the news before the market opens. We believe our Newspaper Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Newspaper Briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Infineon Technologies AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €21.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Salzgitter AG (SZG) PT Set at €33.00 by Warburg Research Salzgitter AG (SZG) Given a €42.00 Price Target by Jefferies Group LLC Analysts Accenture Plc (ACN) Earns “Overweight” Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research American Assets Trust, Inc (AAT) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Antero Resources Corp (AR) Given a $31.00 Price Target by Scotiabank Analysts A10 Networks Inc (ATEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Vetr Inc. Upgrades Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) to Strong-Buy Vetr Inc. Downgrades Under Armour Inc (UAA) to Buy Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Eldorado Gold Corp (EGO) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Brokerages Set MarineMax Inc (HZO) PT at $24.50 Akebia Therapeutics Inc (AKBA) Receives $15.40 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Vedanta Ltd (VEDL) Short Interest Up 64.2% in March Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.30 Per Share GKN Plc (GKN.GB) Declares $0.07 Dividend Scotiabank Reiterates Sector Perform Rating for Methanex Co. (MEOH) Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €21.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €21.50 ($23.37) price target on Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) in a research note issued to investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the company. Baader Bank set a €19.00 ($20.65) target price on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €17.50 ($19.02) target price on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €20.00 ($21.74) target price on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Bank of America Corp set a €17.80 ($19.35) target price on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Finally, Citigroup Inc set a €18.50 ($20.11) target price on Infineon Technologies AG and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Infineon Technologies AG has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of €18.17 ($19.75). Shares of Infineon Technologies AG (ETR:IFXA) opened at 18.91 on Monday. The company has a market cap of €21.31 billion and a PE ratio of 28.31. Infineon Technologies AG has a 12 month low of €11.72 and a 12 month high of €19.28. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €17.32 and a 200-day moving average of €16.33. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Infineon Technologies AG (IFXA) Given a €21.50 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/infineon-technologies-ag-ifxa-given-a-21-50-price-target-by-jpmorgan-chase-co-analysts.html. About Infineon Technologies AG Infineon Technologies AG is a Germany-based company developing semiconductors and system solutions for automotive and industrial electronics, and chip card, as well as security applications. It diversifies its operations into four main divisions: Automotive; Industrial Power Control; Chip card & Security, and Power Management and Multimarket. Receive News & Ratings for Infineon Technologies AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Infineon Technologies AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Money LATEST NEWS India to grow at 7.7 per cent in 2018; EMs face newer challenges: FM Arun Jaitley Bars hope ‘motorable distance’ will be saviour High or dry? Question mark over favourite hangouts 'Limitless potential' for Indo-US relationship: George Holding Thank Nitin Gadkari for aggressive MLA buying: Digvijaya Singh to Manohar Parrikar Donald Trump signs twin executive orders targeting trade 'cheaters' Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Money 04:05 PM | 31 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,620-26.92 NIFTY 50 9,1740.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,451-91.0 USD/INR 64.85-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex snaps 3-day winning streak; Nifty ends flat Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Dropbox said to secure $600 million credit line led by JPMorgan By Bloomberg | Updated: Mar 31, 2017, 11.10 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » startup | snap inc | silicon valley | Royal Bank of Canada | Macquarie Group Ltd. | JPMorgan Chase & Co. | Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Dropbox's cash flow and more predictable subscription revenue make it a less risky borrower than Snap. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 By Dina Bass and Alex Barinka Dropbox Inc. is opening a $600 million credit facility from six banks led by JPMorgan Chase & Co., said people familiar with the plans, as the cloud file-sharing startup pushes toward an initial public offering as soon as this year. The line of debt has commitments from the banks and is expected to close on Monday, said the people, who asked not to be identified because the deal isn't finalized. The financial security provides Dropbox with flexibility as it deliberates an IPO. The San Francisco-based startup has been meeting with bankers to discuss plans to list, people familiar with the talks said. While the company hasn't set specific timing, potential advisers believe it will be ready to go public by the end of this year. Dropbox and its lenders declined to comment. Dropbox has said it's not in a hurry to go public and that the business is nearing profitability. The company is cash-flow positive, with annualized revenue of more than $1 billion, Chief Executive Officer Drew Houston said last summer. Dropbox could tap debt if it wants to expand more aggressively or make acquisitions, said one of the people. It never touched a smaller credit facility, which was expiring, the person said. After opening up in 2007, Dropbox gained a loyal following from people looking to store photos and other files in the cloud, making them available from any computer or mobile device. It rode this wave to a $10 billion valuation in early 2014, vaulting it to become one of Silicon Valley's most valuable unicorn startups. A few months later, it secured a $500 million credit facility led by JPMorgan. Box Inc., a rival file-storage company, went public in 2015. After popping on the first day of trading, Box lost 40 percent of its market value over the course of that year. Dropbox's private investors soon began scrutinizing the startup more closely, and mutual fund backers wrote down the values of their stakes. Dropbox has shifted to focus on selling its cloud service to larger businesses, which has helped boost revenue. It has also cut costs, partly by building data centers instead of relying on Amazon.com Inc.'s cloud storage. Dropbox's growth is encouraging, and its cash generation is impressive compared with most other unicorn businesses, said a banker close to the deal. In addition to JPMorgan, participants in the new debt facility include Bank of America Corp., Deutsche Bank AG, Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Macquarie Group Ltd. and Royal Bank of Canada, said the people. For the banks involved, taking on the risk of lending to an unprofitable private company can help them win a role underwriting an eventual IPO. When Snap Inc. sought advisers to go public, the company placed a big consideration on which banks had been willing to extend credit in the past, according to people familiar with the matter. Aside from boutique advisory firm Allen & Co., Snap's roster of lenders claimed the main IPO underwriter spots, gaining the biggest fees and most prominent roles. Meanwhile, Bank of America declined to lend to the money-losing company and didn't have a role in Snap's listing, the people said. Dropbox's cash flow and more predictable subscription revenue make it a less risky borrower than Snap. Dropbox's incentive for raising the new credit facility was to replace the one that's expiring and wasn't determined by IPO timing, said one person familiar with the plans. The company got better terms by setting up a new line of credit from these banks, rather than renewing the previous one, the person said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com If You Own a Computer You Must Try This Game Pirates: Free Online GameMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon NJ Gamers: Have fun and give back at the same time PalaCasino This game will keep you up all night! Vikings: Free Online Game See 4 Risks You’ll Face with 3D Printing Travelers Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport BRO to build tunnels on Bomdila-Tawang road China cautioned over Silk Road projects in disputed regions READ MORE ON » startup | snap inc | silicon valley | Royal Bank of Canada | Macquarie Group Ltd. | JPMorgan Chase & Co. | Goldman Sachs Group Inc. To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Snapdeal sounds out SBI Caps, Kotak Capital, 3 others for 2019 IPO How a bunch of healthcare startups is tapping unserved niches Small town consumers drive online luxury sales Zomato processes 2 million online orders in a month, sees 23% MoM growth Apple opens its Accelerator program in Bengaluru More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Saturday April 1 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Global banks tell thousands of City staff to prepare for Brexodus Katherine Griffiths, Banking Editor March 30 2017, 5:00pm, The Times Dublin is one of the places that banks in the City of London are considering for offices within the European Union after BrexitVincent Isore/getty images JP Morgan Chase is in talks to buy a Dublin office building as one of its strategies to cope with Brexit, while Citigroup has warned staff to brace for a “hard” departure. Both banks have offered guidance to their thousands of employees in the UK in the past couple of days about how they would ensure continued access to the European Union as the government cleared the way to start formal negotiations with Brussels by triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon treaty on Wednesday. Mary Erdoes, head of JP Morgan asset and wealth management, and Daniel Pinto, head of the company’s corporate and investment bank, wrote in a memo to all their staff that the bank has “choices in terms of locations and legal entity… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up JPMorgan cuts its ads to just 5,000 sites News, 31 March 2017 Topics Banks, credit cards, loans Digital media effectiveness Programmatic buying NEW YORK: As the value of programmatic advertising continues to come under scrutiny, it has emerged that JPMorgan Chase has slashed its digital advertising to just 5,000 pre-approved sites without seeing much change in the number of impressions the ads received. Until a few weeks ago, the global financial services giant advertised on about 400,000 websites a month, but its massive cutback has not hit performance, according to the company's Chief Marketing Officer. "It's only been a few days, but we haven't seen any deterioration on our performance metrics," Kristin Lemkau told The New York Times, as she confirmed JPMorgan has seen little change in the cost of impressions or the visability of its ads. Lemkau explained that JPMorgan checked those 400,000 website addresses over a 30-day period and discovered that only 12,000 (or 3%) led to activity beyond an impression. A member of staff then manually clicked on each of these web addresses to double-check whether they were ones that the company wanted to advertise on. And after eliminating 7,000 that did not meet JPMorgan's requirements, that whittled the total down to just 5,000 sites. "Before the YouTube thing happened, we were just looking at programmatic," she said. "Now the question is, what else is out there that we should be looking at whitelisting? At some point, a human is going to take a look." According to Eric Franchi, Co-founder of adtech firm Undertone, the development could hit operators of smaller websites as well as adtech companies if other advertisers follow the same route as JPMorgan. "If you charge a percentage of all of the ads that run through your platform, then the prospects can be pretty dim if all of a sudden your volume has been cut by 95%," he said. "So many of these companies, and some of them are public, tout the number of ads they deliver per second, per day. If you start seeing more marketers move in this direction, it will be pretty interesting. What are the metrics then that those companies start to report?" Data sourced from New York Times; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News China's online shoppers look to ANZ for food News UK consumers trust content from brands News YouTube scandal leaves APAC marketers 'unfazed' Opinion WARNING this article contains adult content News JPMorgan cuts its ads to just 5,000 sites News Vauxhall ends national football sponsorship News Mars tests TV ads with neuro tools News Google is most valuable US brand View more News and Opinion More from WARC What we know about programmatic Financial habits: 21st century jam jar banking Financial habits: Don't discount the future Get a demo Topics Banks, credit cards, loans Digital media effectiveness Programmatic buying 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message WARC has a new look Here’s what’s changed: A new navigation bar, taking you to the best WARC content quickly A better, less cluttered search experience A reworked home page, with signposts to key areas of WARC A fully responsive site, making it easier to use WARC on the go Plus a new colour palette, new branding and a fresh look and feel across the site Learn More Maybe Later × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Mutual Fund Profile What the Largest Active Bond Fund Is Buying Now Move over, Bill Gross and Jeff Gundlach. Make way for Tad Rivelle, of MetWest Total Return Bond fund. By Lewis Braham Biography April 1, 2017 While two fund autocrats—the erstwhile Pimco superstar Bill Gross and his rival, DoubleLine’s Jeff Gundlach—have long vied for the title of bond king, a democratic insurgency is quietly stealing their thunder. A self-effacing team of four managers—Stephen Kane, Laird Landmann, Tad Rivelle, and Bryan Whalen—now run the largest actively managed bond fund, the $78.6 billion Metropolitan West Total Return Bond (ticker: MWTRX). That compares with Pimco Total Return’s (PTTAX) $74.2 billion; DoubleLine Total Return Bond’s... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #GNRC2017 #TravelCafe News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets-business Apr 01, 2017 08:23 AM IST | Source: Reuters Wall Street's rock-solid quarter ends with a loss The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. Wall Street fell on Friday, pulled down by Exxon and JPMorgan Chase as investors wrapped up a strong quarter and weighed whether corporate earnings reports will justify the market's lofty valuations. Major indexes have hit multiple record highs since the election of President Donald Trump on bets that he would improve economic growth by cutting taxes and boosting infrastructure spending. The rally has also benefited from robust economic data and a pickup in corporate earnings growth. For the quarter ending Friday, the S&P 500 gained 5.5 percent, its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Investors are now looking to the upcoming quarterly earnings season to justify pricy valuations. First-quarter earnings for S&P 500 companies are expected to rise 10.1 percent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The index is trading at about 18 times earnings estimates for the next 12 months, compared to its long-term average of 15. "Valuations are as stretched as they ever get," said Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Robert W. Baird & Co in Nashville. "Certainly that's cause for concern if earnings don't grow the way they are anticipated to grow." Over 40 strategists polled this week on average expected the S&P 500 to rise another 2 percent by the end of the year. The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.31 percent to end at 20,663.22 points, while the S&P 500 lost 0.23 percent to 2,362.72. The Nasdaq Composite slipped 0.04 percent to 5,911.74. So far in 2017, technology has been the top-performing S&P sector, up 12.2 percent. The weakest has been energy , down 7.3 percent. Eight of the 11 major S&P sectors fell on Friday, with the financial index down 0.72 percent. JPMorgan Chase fell 1.34 percent and Wells Fargo & Co lost 1.03 percent. Also weighing on the S&P 500 and Dow, Exxon Mobil fell 2.02 percent. FMC Corp rallied 13.15 percent after it agreed to buy DuPont's crop protection business and sell its health and nutrition unit to DuPont. DuPont fell 1.60 percent Amazon.com rose 1.16 percent to a record high. Advancing issues outnumbered declining ones on the NYSE by a 1.48-to-1 ratio; on Nasdaq, a 1.18-to-1 ratio favoured advancers. The S&P 500 posted 18 new 52-week highs and one new low; the Nasdaq Composite recorded 100 new highs and 17 new lows.About 6.4 billion shares changed hands in US exchanges, below the 6.8 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions and among the lightest volume days in 2017. tags #Dow Jones industrial average #Exxon #International Markets #JPMorgan Chase #Nasdaq Composite #Standard & Poor's 500 #US markets #Wall Street Related news Business World stocks lock in bumper Q1, dollar eyes best week of year Mar 31, 2017 09:15 PM Business What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 10 things to know BY kshitij Mar 31, 2017 07:50 AM Business Wall Street rises, aided by U.S. growth data; Nasdaq ends at record Mar 31, 2017 07:15 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping: 10 things you should know BY kshitij Mar 30, 2017 07:59 AM Business S&P, Dow weighed down by financial stocks; Nasdaq up Mar 30, 2017 07:38 AM Business What changed for the market while you were sleeping? 10 things to know BY kshitij Mar 29, 2017 07:55 AM Business Wall Street posts sharp gains, fuelled by strong consumer data Mar 29, 2017 07:33 AM Business What changed for market while you were sleeping? 10 things you must know BY kshitij Mar 28, 2017 07:51 AM Business Wall Street off as Trump agenda weighed; Dow down for 8th day Mar 28, 2017 07:31 AM News Most Popular Top News Maybe it's time for hostile takeovers; govt must back honest risks: Uday Kotak D-Mart bumper listing: Should you buy, book profits or hold shares? Govt wants to ban cash transactions above Rs 2 lakh Will auction Aamby Valley if Rs 5,000 cr not paid: SC to Sahara It's not over yet! Reliance Jio extends Prime membership till April 15 Top 5 big lessons investors learned in FY2017 COMMENT: Using history, geography and politics to pick stock winners for FY18 Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother arrested by Delhi police see more Video of the day See opportunity in future M&As; like PSU banks, but be choosy: Sundaram MF Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Gamechanger Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch Power your Ttade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » Power Your Trade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Zika Virus Outbreak London Parliament Attack TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Tech Tech News Gadgets Internet Security Innovation Mobile Tech Mar 28 2017, 10:07 pm ET Now You Can Use Your Phone to Withdraw Cash at Wells Fargo ATMs by Reuters Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement Starting on Monday, Wells Fargo customers can withdraw money using a smartphone at any branded ATM, the latest sign of U.S. lenders moving away from traditional brick-and-mortar banking. Jonathan Velline, Wells Fargo's head of ATM and branch banking, said that the San Francisco-based bank decided to apply the smartphone technology to all of its 13,000 cash machines after piloting the idea in select locations across the country. Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase are among the big banks that have announced digital upgrades to their ATM infrastructure, but Wells Fargo is the first U.S. bank to roll out cardless machines across its entire network. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Wells Fargo Introduces Cardless ATMs 1:30 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/908652611670" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The 20 million customers on Wells Fargo's mobile banking app will be able to request an eight-digit code to enter along with their personal identification code at an ATM to retrieve cash. "The new feature allows customers to withdraw cash at any time, even when they don't have their cards on them," Velline said. The new option will also improve protections against data theft, Velline said. Related: The Stubborn Costs that Banks Can't Erase "Security certainly was a big aspect of the cardless feature and the two-step identification helps reduce the risk of fraud," Velline said, adding that the elimination of cards prevented so-called skimming techniques that criminals employ to read and store data of cards inserted into ATMs. Wells Fargo, the third-largest U.S. bank, was once the envy of Wall Street, able to seemingly sell its customers a range of different products and highly regarded for its stock price which had once made it the world's most valuable bank. But last year's revelations over a sales scandal that involved the creation of as many as 2.1 million fraudulent accounts in customers' names without their permission took a toll on the company. The lender has since seen a sharp drop in the number of consumers opening checking and credit card accounts. Related: Wells Fargo Account Openings Dive by 44 Percent As have many other U.S. lenders over the last years, Wells Fargo has invested in the development of digital tools to attract customers and slash costs at its retail branches. "Digitalizing services is unquestionably the way to the future and the arguments are very powerful, but U.S. banks are still far behind," said Gerard du Toit, a partner at consulting firm Bain & Company. Accessible, well-designed digital offers not only provide a massive cost advantage, but also significantly improve customer loyalty, du Toit said. Reuters Topics Tech News, Business News, Lifestyle First Published Mar 23 2017, 1:52 pm ET Next Story New Survey Shows No One in Tech Actually Cares About Diversity advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Toro Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Toro Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Insider Selling: Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock Paul M. Silva Sells 1,688 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Director Ruth Ann Marshall Sells 6,046 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Dow Chemical (DOW) Jeffrey Chodakewitz Sells 13,750 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Michael Cunningham Sells 9,000 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Stock Joseph J. Deangelo Sells 600,000 Shares of HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Stock Insider Selling: Evolent Health Inc (EVH) Major Shareholder Sells 2,690,961 Shares of Stock Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund (DSM) Declares $0.04 Monthly Dividend Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Better-Than-Expected Earnings Mark Chalmers Buys 10,000 Shares of Energy Fuels Inc (UUUU) Stock Mark Matson Purchases 7,460 Shares of Solitron Devices, Inc. (SODI) Stock AAC Holdings Inc (AAC) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Currency Exchange International Corp (CXI) Director Mark Douglas Mickleborough Buys 1,000 Shares Quantum Numbers Corp (QNC) Insider Eric Leboeuf Acquires 200,000 Shares of Stock Market Vectors ETF Trust (PRB) Director Jamie Calvin Sokalsky Purchases 22,800 Shares General American Investors Co. Inc. (GAM) Chairman Trust Fbo Altschul Charles Uad Sells 1,000 Shares of Stock Macy's Inc (M) Insider Molly Langenstein Sells 1,251 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Toro Co (NYSE:TTC) Director Janet Katherine Cooper sold 3,048 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $62.35, for a total transaction of $190,042.80. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 9,276 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $578,358.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Janet Katherine Cooper also recently made the following trade(s): On Friday, March 24th, Janet Katherine Cooper sold 3,300 shares of Toro stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $61.50, for a total transaction of $202,950.00. Toro Co (NYSE:TTC) traded down 1.31% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $62.46. 894,183 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $60.79 and its 200 day moving average is $54.41. Toro Co has a 1-year low of $40.42 and a 1-year high of $63.47. The stock has a market cap of $6.72 billion, a P/E ratio of 29.43 and a beta of 0.48. Toro (NYSE:TTC) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.41 EPS for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.05. Toro had a net margin of 9.66% and a return on equity of 42.97%. The company earned $515.80 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $502.45 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $0.70 EPS. Toro’s revenue was up 6.0% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Toro Co will post $2.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, April 12th. Stockholders of record on Friday, March 31st will be given a dividend of $0.175 per share. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.12%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, March 29th. Toro’s dividend payout ratio is 33.90%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/insider-selling-toro-co-ttc-director-sells-3048-shares-of-stock.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Toro by 107.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,046,922 shares of the company’s stock valued at $189,558,000 after buying an additional 2,095,509 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Toro by 127.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,663,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $171,581,000 after buying an additional 2,053,403 shares in the last quarter. Mairs & Power INC boosted its stake in shares of Toro by 93.2% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,837,664 shares of the company’s stock valued at $179,756,000 after buying an additional 1,851,466 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in shares of Toro by 97.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,225,784 shares of the company’s stock valued at $151,096,000 after buying an additional 1,594,594 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Toro by 101.4% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,680,133 shares of the company’s stock valued at $78,697,000 after buying an additional 845,721 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 77.81% of the company’s stock. A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on TTC shares. Longbow Research downgraded shares of Toro from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $44.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Toro from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. Dougherty & Co reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $65.00 target price (up previously from $60.00) on shares of Toro in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Seaport Global Securities upgraded shares of Toro from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and increased their target price for the stock from $56.00 to $63.00 in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, Cleveland Research upgraded shares of Toro from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Toro has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $56.60. About Toro The Toro Company (Toro) is engaged in the designing, manufacturing, and marketing of professional turf maintenance equipment and services, turf irrigation systems, landscaping equipment and lighting products, snow and ice management products, agricultural micro-irrigation systems, rental and specialty construction equipment, and residential yard and snow thrower products. Receive News & Ratings for Toro Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Toro Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Cenovus C$3 billion offering has been fully subscribed: sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Fri Mar 31, 2017 | 7:29pm EDT Cenovus C$3 billion offering has been fully subscribed: sources File photo: Rows of steam generators line a road at the Cenovus Energy Christina Lake Steam-Assisted Gravity Drainage (SAGD) project 120 km (74 miles) south of Fort McMurray, Alberta, August 15, 2013. REUTERS/Todd Korol TORONTO Cenovus Energy Inc's (CVE.TO) C$3 billion ($2.25 billion) equity offering to partly fund its planned C$17.7 billion acquisition of some of ConocoPhillips Co's (COP.N) Canadian assets has been fully subscribed, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. The sale of 187.5 million common shares at C$16 per share was fully allocated on Wednesday evening, soon after the deal was announced, the people said. The people declined to be named because the matter was not public. The equity sale is expected to close next week. Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), which are leading the share sale, did not immediately respond to requests for comment outside office hours on Friday. A Cenovus spokesman declined to comment. Cenovus shares tumbled to their biggest one-day percentage drop in history on Thursday as investors wondered if the company had made the right move in reaching the cash and stock deal to buy ConocoPhillips' oil sands and natural gas assets. The stock was unchanged on Friday. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) Next In Deals Third Avenue in $14.25 million settlement over junk bond fund collapse NEW YORK Third Avenue Management and its founder Martin Whitman have reached a $14.25 million settlement of a lawsuit by investors who accused the well-known value investment firm of mismanaging a junk bond mutual fund that collapsed in December 2015. Glencore to sell 51 percent of oil products storage business LONDON Swiss-based trading and mining giant Glencore has agreed to sell a 51 percent stake in its oil products and logistics business for $775 million to China's HNA Innovation Finance Group Ltd, the company said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the month Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now SpaceX launches first recycled rocket - 01:09 Zuma sacks finance minister, shaking S. Africa - 01:36 Breakingviews TV: Hollywood drama - 03:40 Spain waves off austerity with compromise budget - 01:15 EU offers Brexit trade talks, sets tough terms - 01:40 S Africa: pressure for Zuma after Gordhan sacking - 01:51 HSBC goes PC with gender-neutral titles - 01:27 Danone puts Stonyfield up for sale - 00:55 Global markets ponder inflation puzzle - 01:49 Australian payments win is fruitful for Apple - 01:33 Berlin to benefit from Brexit wave? - 01:40 Stocks edge lower 2:01am IST - 01:21 Stocks fell on the last day of the first quarter, but the S&P 500 notched its strongest quarterly performance since the last quarter of 2015. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Stocks edged lower Friday, the last trading day of what was a strong quarter. The S&P 500 and Dow booked their biggest first quarter gains in four years. Financial stocks like JPMorgan Chase and energy stocks like Exxon Mobil weighed on the S&P. Carin Pai of Fiduciary Trust: SOUNDBITE: CARIN PAI, EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT, FIDUCIARY TRUST COMPANY, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I think the markets are in a consolidation phase. Some of the high expectationsfor pro-growth policies from the Trump Administration are starting to maybe fade a little bit, and so we're starting to see the markets consolidate some of that trade." BlackBerry shares soared. The smartphone pioneer's net loss narrowed and beat forecasts. BlackBerry said it expects to post adjusted profit for the second year in a row. DuPont is buying FMC's health and nutrition business and selling its crop protection business to the chemicals company so it can get the EU's blessing for its merger with Dow Chemical. FMC shares shot sharply higher. Alcoa rose. BMO raised the rating on the aluminum giant to "outperform" from "market perform." Consumer spending barely rose in the U.S. in February, and consumer sentiment slipped in March. Utilites and tech stocks helped push the European markets higher. But the FTSE lost ground. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2oqDn9u <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371401766" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Stocks edge lower 2:01am IST - 01:21 Top News » Images of March 2:42am IST - (1:04) Protests mount in Venezuela, top official... 6:47am IST - (1:31) Germany balks at US NATO spending demands Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (2:08) Bomb hits Shia mosque in northwest Pakistan Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:35) NATO says trans-atlantic bond "rock solid" as... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) EU to lay out Brexit response, set negotiating... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:35) SpaceX launches first ever re-used rocket Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:29) South Korea's ousted leader Park Geun-hye... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:41) UK sets out bid to replace EU law Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Can Britain seal trade deal in 2-year time... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:07) Meningitis outbreak in Nigeria kills 282... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:27) Breakingviews TV: Mexico railroads U.S. Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (3:12) Rough Cuts » Nunes says he has support back home, but... 4:35am IST - (1:19) Trump: New trade orders set stage for... 1:54am IST - (1:16) Clinton takes jab at Trump, touting "research,... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:18) NATO foreign ministers pose for family photo... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) NATO says trans-atlantic bond "rock solid" as... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) SpaceX launches first ever re-used rocket Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:29) South Korea's ousted leader Park Geun-hye... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:41) Debris shield floats away during spacewalk Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:05) White House expects decision on UN climate... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (0:35) Alligator tied to tree in Snapper Village Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Trump calls candidate for ambassador to... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:15) Senate Intel Committee kicks off rare open... Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:04) Technology » NASA's James Webb telescope enters test phase Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:17) Child-sized robot helps autistic kids learn... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (2:32) Pollution in deep Pacific devastating earth -... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:59) Scientists map Arabica coffee genome Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (2:41) Scientists grow a near life-like mouse embryo Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Brain implant, muscle stimulator help... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) Tel Aviv's trash is being turned into fuel Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:12) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Fully-automated drone has Israeli firm... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:40) 'Sound hatred' a genuine problem, say UK... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (2:19) Oil soaking sponge could help clean up serious... Sat, 25 Mar, 2017 - (0:59) Exoskeleton takes the strain off repetitive... Wed, 22 Mar, 2017 - (1:54) Oddly Enough » London exhibition elevates selfies as an art... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) East meets West at Sotheby's Hong Kong... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Alligator tied to tree in Snapper Village Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) French artist attempts to hatch eggs Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:03) Poop and fish guts for the win Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:02) Virginia's 'Dr. Doolittle' gives amputated... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Fashion trending footwear made from recycled... Mon, 27 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) Baby Dominique born with four legs, now has... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) Scientists finally figure out why pandas are... Tue, 21 Mar, 2017 - (1:49) Spain's "Fallas" festival ends with burning of... Mon, 20 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Exhibit features mummies from Egypt and Peru Fri, 17 Mar, 2017 - (1:57) Brits still waiting for full Brexit comedy... Thu, 16 Mar, 2017 - (2:54) Entertainment » Latin singer Maluma eyes English music... 6:13am IST - (2:05) Busted say their reunion 'feels normal now' Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:27) London exhibition elevates selfies as an art... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:09) Oscar accountants get reprieve after best... Fri, 31 Mar, 2017 - (1:13) Glastonbury announces more acts set to perform Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (0:51) George Michael laid to rest in London Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) 2017 releases showcased at CinemaCon Thu, 30 Mar, 2017 - (3:12) 'Five Came Back' and changed Hollywood's... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:53) Spider-Man 'Homecoming' film preview Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (2:10) Jessica Chastain shines light on historic... Wed, 29 Mar, 2017 - (1:48) From Syria to Detroit, we are all migrants,... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) Argentina's Macri visits Anne Frank's house in... Tue, 28 Mar, 2017 - (1:22) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 1, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 1, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Treasuries rise on dovish comments by NYC Fed By ELIZABETH STANTON Bloomberg News First Published Mar 31 2017 04:12PM    •    Last Updated Mar 31 2017 04:12 pm Share This Article Treasuries rose Friday after New York Federal Reserve President William Dudley said "a couple" more interest-rate increases this year "seems reasonable" and that there's no "great urgency" to tighten monetary policy. Yields were lower by two to four basis points at 3:15 p.m. in New York. Spurred in early U.S. trading by Dudley's comments on Bloomberg Television, the advance continued over the course of the session, pushing yields to session lows as month-end index rebalancing took effect. The yield curve from five to 30 years retraced about half of its initial steepening. • Month-end flows included foreign and domestic real-money buying in belly of the curve and domestic real-money buying in 10s out to long-end, as well as in front-end; in futures, volumes surged in the five minutes before 3pm ET VIDEOS TOP JOBS • 5s30s curve steepening after Dudley's comments was aided by 10k block trade in 5-year note futures; comments appeared to spark a volume surge in front-end eurodollar futures • JPMorgan recommended 7s30s steepener ahead of the next 30-year bond auction on April 12 • Month- and quarter-end were expected to provide support; duration extension estimate for Bloomberg Barclays Treasury Index was 0.07yr vs 0.05yr historical average for March, and stocks outperformed bonds during 1Q, suggesting that funds will re-balance in favor of bonds • Among other bullish factors, March 31 end of Japanese fiscal year may clear the decks for rebound in buying of foreign bonds next week; also, April employment report has "a strong bias to disappoint," BMO strategists said • Treasuries held gains even as March Chicago PMI rose unexpectedly while 5-10 year inflation expectation in University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment survey for March was revised to 2.4%, lowest since December, from an initial 2.2%, which would have been a generational low • Treasuries faced bearish pressure from the view, expressed in notes by BofA and SocGen, that the market is assigning too-low odds to tax cuts and other pro-growth Trump administration goals • UST yields are little changed over the month; declines into Fed's March 15 interest-rate increase were erased as the Trump administration's fiscal agenda was imperiled by failure to win congressional approval for health-care reform.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'Do your job': Crowd boos border wall, health overhaul at Rep. Stewart town hall Roy releases body camera footage of police officers disarming, fatally shooting man with his own gun Utah basketball: Devon Daniels, JoJo Zamora leaving Utes Utah Jazz: Hayward fights through pain, early struggles to help Jazz beat Wizards Draper pulls shelter sites after hundreds protest, boo homeless man ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Balancing Priorities CNBC Disruptor 50 Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 SXSW Tech Transformers Trader Talk Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU How experts are positioning themselves for the second quarter Michelle Fox | @MFoxCNBC 9 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Where to put money now    14 Hours Ago | 02:20 As the second quarter gets underway, investors should continue to look at risk assets — they will just have to be selective, experts told CNBC on Friday. The stock market posted strong gains in the first quarter, with the Nasdaq recording its best quarterly performance since 2013. Gabriela Santos, global market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management, credits the market's strength to the global reflation trade rather than President Donald Trump and his pro-growth agenda. "It's a pickup in economic data around the world and that is still very much the case. So as we go into the second quarter, that's the main factor we're watching," she said in an interview with "Power Lunch." Therefore, Santos is still positioned in risk assets, including some of the cyclical sectors that didn't do as well as expected like financials. And she thinks that the reflation trade can still be strong enough to propel stocks higher even if the Trump agenda fails, although the magnitude of the move will likely be different. "We expect earnings to continue trending up, the economy to be fine. But we're talking about 5 percent earnings growth here without any corporate tax reform in the U.S.," Santos said. "So we have to be selective and we have to think about international as well." In fact, she expects international stocks to outperform in the next few years. show chapters Best places to invest overseas: Centerstone Investors    12 Hours Ago | 02:38 Abhay Deshpande, founder and chief investment officer of Centerstone Investors, agrees. His focus is purely on the fundamentals and that points to markets outside of the United States, he told "Power Lunch." "The U.S. market has massively outperformed international markets but now there is a steep valuation difference between U.S. and non-U.S. markets," he said. "We believe that the S&P 500 is essentially at its intrinsic value. The opposite is the case for non-U.S. developed markets, which we believe are trading at significant discounts to intrinsic value," he added. He likes Europe and Asia, but is less interested in Japan right now. For those domestically focused, investors should stick with companies that have top-line revenue and earnings-per-share growth, which is difficult to come by in this environment, said Michael Arone. In that scenario, he thinks technology is a "clear winner." "I also think that in a market where it's really hard to find compelling values, you want to find some things at are inexpensive. And I do think that financial and energy kind of meet that criteria," the global market strategist at State Street Global Advisors told "Power Lunch." Disclaimer Michelle FoxProducer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change S&P 500 --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Log In Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Store Log in Search Close Toggle navigation Menu Subscribers Sections Close Menu Wealth Creation Investing Retirement Taxes Your Money Your Business Magazine Contents See All Special Reports Tools Slide Shows Quizzes Videos Columns Basics of Personal Finance Economic Outlooks Follow Kiplinger Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS Give a Gift Kiplinger's Personal Finance Magazine New: Kiplinger Alerts The Kiplinger Letter The Kiplinger Tax Letter Kiplinger's Retirement Report Kiplinger's Investing For Income Kiplinger's Annual Retirement Planning Guide Kiplinger's Boomer's Guide to Social Security Webinars More Kiplinger Products 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 All Contents © 2017 The Kiplinger Washington Editors Search Close Market Outlook for Q2 Store Log in SLIDE SHOW 8 Worst Things About Being a Millionaire SLIDE SHOW 4 Best ETFs to Invest in the Dow SLIDE SHOW 17 Red Flags for IRS Auditors SLIDE SHOW 12 Reasons You Will Go Broke in Retirement Advertisement Stock Watch Market Outlook for Q2 With strong Q1 gains under investor belts, now comes earnings season and a flurry of economic news. Whither tax reform? iStock By Dan Burrows, Contributing Writer March 31, 2017 So long Q1, it’s been good to know ya. What’s the outlook for April and the rest of the year? 25 Dividend Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever More positive than negative, actually, for the immediate future. The Trump bump lost some momentum in March thanks to the GOP failure to repeal Obamacare, but both markets and corporate results delivered solid results in the first quarter. Hospital stocks rallied. Meanwhile, year-over-year quarterly profit growth is projected to have hit a multi-year high. And we haven’t gotten to earnings season yet. The technology heavy Nasdaq Composite led all comers with a 10% gain, setting record highs in Q1. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index added 6%, while the blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 5%. It was the Dow's sixth consecutive quarterly gain, its longest streak since 2006. The Russell 2000 index of small companies rose 2%. Advertisement Top performing sectors three months into the year include information technology with a 12% gain and heath care, which is up 8%. Consumer discretionary and consumer staples are up 8% and 6%, respectively. First-quarter sector laggards include energy, down 7%, and telecommunications services, which lost 5%. Earnings The first quarter may look better when earning season debuts in mid April. Analysts are expecting good things. S&P 500 earnings growth is forecast to rise 9.1%, according to FactSet. That would represent the highest year-over-year quarterly growth since the final quarter of 2011.  Drilling down, the financials sector is expected to record the highest year-over-year increase, up 15%. Rising interest rates should fuel the sector over the course of the years. Stocks that stand to gain from higher rates include Bank of America (symbol BAC), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Berkshire Hathaway (BRK.B). Advertisement After financials, earnings for IT and materials are expected to rise 13% and 11%, respectively. The industrials sector is forecast to be the quarter's biggest loser, with a 7% drop in year-over-year earnings.  Ex-Dividends There are some prominent names going ex-dividend next week: Cisco Systems (CSCO), Kimco Realty (KIM), JPMorgan Chase, American Express (AXP), and General Mills (GIS). A dividend stock’s ex-dividend date is the last day on which an investor can buy shares and still qualify for the next dividend payment. Properly timing your dividend payments allows you to generate income for every month of the year. Economic Outlook The markets also will be focusing on upcoming economic releases. Among the highlights, the Institute for Supply Management will release its manufacturing index on Monday, April 3. Although manufacturing is a small part of the economy relative to services, it's considered to be better barometer of the economic cycle. The Apr. 4 report on new factory orders will serve much the same purpose.   Also on Tuesday, the Commerce Department's balance of trade report will garner extra attention, given the Trump administration's hawkish stance on bringing down deficits with major trading partners such as China. Advertisement   The mother-of-all releases comes Friday, Apr. 7. That's when the Labor Department will issue the March jobs report. The economy created 235,000 jobs in February. But Kiplinger's economic outlook expects hiring to slow to an average rate of 160,000 a month in 2017. The market's overarching concern heading into April is the prospects for corporate tax reform, especially after the failure of the health care bill left investors feeling jittery, says Michael Townsend, chief for legislative and regulatory matters at Charles Schwab & Co.  "[Tax reform] is likely to be a lengthy and convoluted process, with unpredictable hiccups along the way," Townsend writes. "Investors should be wary of reading too much into the inevitable fits and starts, and remain focused instead on their longer-term goals.” Show comments Advertisement Market Update Rate Info Follow Kiplinger 1100 13th Street, NW, Suite 750 Washington, DC 20005 202.887.6400 Toll-free: 800.544.0155 Customer Service/Contact Us Media Relations Magazine Reprints and Permissions Photocopying and Electronic Distribution Permissions Advertise with Us Partnerships and Syndication About Us Employment Opportunities Privacy Policy Terms of Service Millennium Copyright Act Site Map RSS All Contents © 2017, The Kiplinger Washington Editors
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Take Intel, With a 3% Yield, Can Rise By Over 30% Macquarie analyst Srini Pajjuri starts coverage with an Outperform rating. Wells Fargo says shares can hit $50. By Teresa Rivas Biography March 31, 2017 3:19 p.m. ET Intel (ticker: INTC) investors are hoping that upcoming quarters will be better than the one ending today. Concerns about competitive pressures, future growth drivers and Intel’s $15.3 billion acquisition of Mobileye (MBLY) have pushed shares slightly lower this year. The rest of the year, however, should prove chipper for the chip giant. ... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent University of Iowa Alumni Association board ‘shocked’ by news of merger Under new owners, Clarion Hotel to be renovated Federal budget cuts could hurt local meal delivery programs for seniors Iowa City West rules Kingston again Names released in fatal Highway 13 crash Dalton Messina makes history with C.R. RoughRiders Iowa City West rules Kingston again Bill to fund conservation efforts will be topic of Cedar Rapids town halls The entire coal industry employs fewer people than Arby’s 3 in custody in connection with I-85 fire, collapse in Atlanta Healthy labor market, high confidence should promote rebound in consumer spending Video Photo Bloomberg Shoppers walk along Fifth Avenue in New York. By Bloomberg News Mar 31, 2017 at 3:24 pm | Print View The disappointing start to the year for Americans’ spending probably won’t be the story for the rest of 2017. Faster income growth, higher confidence and a robust labor market are all in place to help ensure a rebound. Personal spending advanced just 0.1 percent in February after a 0.2 percent gain a month earlier, reflecting fewer auto purchases and a drop in outlays for electricity and natural gas amid milder weather, U.S. Commerce Department data showed Friday. Incomes, however, climbed 0.4 percent from January and were up 4.6 percent from February of last year, the largest gain since May 2015. Economists, despite projections of softer consumption in the first quarter that’s been a common theme the past three years, expect stronger spending growth will re-emerge. One cautionary note is the steady pickup in inflation, which last month exceeded the Federal Reserve’s goal for the first time since 2012 and will pinch wallets. “It’s a weak start to the year,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in New York. “A lot of it was the weather, and spending could have been held back by the slow payout of tax refunds. “This is a blip, and consumer spending will recover in the second quarter. The fundamentals for spending look good.” Separate figures from the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment climbed in March as a gauge of perceptions about current conditions including personal finances rose to the highest level since July 2005. The U.S. Commerce Department’s personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed’s preferred measure of inflation because it’s based on what consumers are purchasing, rose 2.1 percent in February from a year earlier, the fastest pace in almost five years. Central bankers, who raised interest rates at their March meeting, are expected to lift them further this year following progress on their full employment and 2 percent inflation goals. Adjusting consumer spending for inflation, which generates the figures used to calculate gross domestic product, purchases fell 0.1 percent after a 0.2 percent decrease the previous month. Economists said unusually mild winter weather — February was the second-warmest on record, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration — and delayed tax returns explain much of the slowdown. In February, household outlays on services fell 0.1 percent for a second month after adjusting for inflation. Spending on electricity and natural gas to heat homes dropped 3.9 percent last month after plunging 13.2 percent in January. Utility spending in January and February represented the weakest two-month stretch in more than 25 years, according to Feroli. Economists at Morgan Stanley and Barclays were among those who trimmed forecasts for first-quarter consumer spending, which means economic growth also will be weaker than was anticipated before the Friday report. The Atlanta Fed’s GDPNow model estimates U.S. growth of 0.9 percent. “It would be a mistake to think this is a new trend” in spending, Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said in a note after the report. Real income growth is consistent with annualized spending gains of 2 percent to 2.5 percent, he wrote. Sales of automobiles — a big-ticket item — cooled entering 2017 and were flat the past two months. Cars and light trucks sold at an annualized 17.5 million pace in both January and February, down from 18.3 million in December, according to Ward’s Automotive Group data. Rising delinquencies also point to signs of trouble in lending for automobiles. Steve Eisman, the Neuberger Berman Group fund manager who was featured in Michael Lewis’s book “The Big Short,” said he’s concerned about the U.S. subprime-auto market, though he thinks it’s not a big enough asset class to cause problems for the financial system as a whole. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Wayward Tabby returning to Denver home a ... U.S. soy acres seen at all-time high des ... Analyst: Anthem likely to exit many ACA ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny along with a few clouds. High 62F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Partly cloudy skies during the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. Low near 45F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 1, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press In this Sept. 28, 2016 file photo, a customer buys lunch at Smolak Farms, in North Andover, Mass.   (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) Consumers will probably be fine after weak start to year Bloomberg 12 hrs ago (…) In this Sept. 28, 2016 file photo, a customer buys lunch at Smolak Farms, in North Andover, Mass.   (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) The Associated Press Updated at 1 p.m. WASHINGTON • The disappointing start to the year for Americans' spending probably won't be the story for the rest of 2017: Faster income growth, higher confidence and a robust labor market are all in place to help ensure a rebound. Personal spending advanced just 0.1 percent in February after a 0.2 percent gain a month earlier, reflecting fewer auto purchases and a drop in outlays for electricity and natural gas amid milder weather, Commerce Department data showed Friday. Incomes, however, climbed 0.4 percent from January and were up 4.6 percent from February of last year, the largest gain since May 2015. Economists, despite projections of softer consumption in the first quarter that's been a common theme the last three years, expect stronger spending growth will reemerge. One cautionary note is the steady pickup in inflation, which last month exceeded the Federal Reserve's goal for the first time since 2012 and will pinch wallets. "It's a weak start to the year," said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in New York. "A lot of it was the weather, and spending could have been held back by the slow payout of tax refunds. This is a blip, and consumer spending will recover in the second quarter. The fundamentals for spending look good." Separate figures from the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment climbed in March as a gauge of perceptions about current conditions including personal finances rose to the highest level since July 2005. The Commerce Department's personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed's preferred measure of inflation because it's based on what consumers are purchasing, rose 2.1 percent in February from a year earlier, the fastest pace in almost five years. Central bankers, who raised interest rates at their March meeting, are expected to lift them further this year following progress on their full employment and 2 percent inflation goals. Adjusting consumer spending for inflation, which generates the figures used to calculate gross domestic product, purchases fell 0.1 percent after a 0.2 percent decrease the previous month. Economists said unusually mild winter weather — February was the second-warmest on record, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration — and delayed tax returns explain much of the slowdown. In February, household outlays on services fell 0.1 percent for a second month after adjusting for inflation. Spending on electricity and natural gas to heat homes dropped 3.9 percent last month after plunging 13.2 percent in January. Utility spending in January and February represented the weakest two-month stretch in more than 25 years, according to Feroli. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Economists at Morgan Stanley and Barclays were among those who trimmed forecasts for first-quarter consumer spending, which means economic growth will also be weaker than was anticipated before the Friday report. The Atlanta Fed's GDPNow model estimates U.S. growth of 0.9 percent. "It would be a mistake to think this is a new trend" in spending, Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said in a note after the report. Real income growth is consistent with annualized spending gains of 2 percent to 2.5 percent, he wrote. Sales of automobiles — a big-ticket item — cooled entering 2017 and were flat the past two months. Cars and light trucks sold at an annualized 17.5 million pace in both January and February, down from 18.3 million in December, according to Ward's Automotive Group data. Rising delinquencies also point to signs of trouble in lending for automobiles. Steve Eisman, the Neuberger Berman Group fund manager who was featured in Michael Lewis's book "The Big Short," said he's concerned about the U.S. subprime-auto market, though he thinks it's not a big enough asset class to cause problems for the financial system as a whole. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. In this Sept. 28, 2016 file photo, a customer buys lunch at Smolak Farms, in North Andover, Mass.   (AP Photo/Elise Amendola) The Associated Press Tags Business General News Consumer Spending Economy Inflation Prices Personal Income Labor Economy Consumer Prices Economics Finance Commerce Spending View (…) comments Most popular Chesterfield outlet filling vacancy with local retail pop-ups Nicklaus: Used car prices signal end to new-car sales boom Detroit man: I almost froze to death, and Gorsuch didn’t care Pet food supplier accused of too many chicken feathers, not enough chicken, in food Missouri health-care providers worry as pressure continues to curb Medicaid Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Ameren funds program to attract and develop energy tech startups Caterpillar to close Illinois plant, lay off 800 workers Stocks end first quarter with solid gains after day of listless trading Texas Roadhouse to pay $12 million to settle EEOC age bias lawsuit Mylan said Meridian Medical Technologies has expanded its EpiPen device recall Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Sample award-winning wines from across the region paired with dishes from top area restaurants at Feast’s wine social. Help a Variety kid Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Bank AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given Corporate Rating at Northland Securities Rightmove Plc’s (RMV) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €16.00 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc BNP Paribas SA (BNP) Given a €70.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Dunelm Group plc (DNLM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Barclays PLC Commercial Vehicle Group, Inc. (CVGI) Upgraded to “Buy” by Seaport Global Securities Old Republic International Co. (ORI) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Ladbrokes Coral Group PLC (LCL) Receives Buy Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Ashtead Group plc (AHT) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Liberum Capital Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc’s (HIK) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt ConvaTec Group PLC (CTEC) Receives Overweight Rating from JPMorgan Chase & Co. Mid-America Apartment Communities Inc (MAA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Lexington Realty Trust (LXP) Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Given “Sell” Rating at Credit Suisse Group AG Computer Sciences Co. (CSC) Receives Hold Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at FBR & Co Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Upgraded to Buy by Seaport Global Securities Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Upgraded to Buy by Seaport Global Securities Analysts Set $29.00 Target Price for GP Strategies Corp (GPX) Inmarsat Plc (ISAT) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Deutsche Bank AG (DBK) Given a €16.00 Price Target at HSBC Holdings plc March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc set a €16.00 ($17.39) price target on Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) in a research note released on Thursday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on DBK. Credit Suisse Group AG set a €13.00 ($14.13) price objective on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Friday, December 2nd. Morgan Stanley set a €16.50 ($17.93) price objective on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €16.00 ($17.39) price objective on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Citigroup Inc set a €17.00 ($18.48) price objective on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Monday, December 19th. Finally, Nord/LB set a €17.50 ($19.02) price objective on shares of Deutsche Bank AG and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have issued a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €16.36 ($17.78). Shares of Deutsche Bank AG (FRA:DBK) traded up 0.000% on Thursday, reaching €16.052. 62,370 shares of the company were exchanged. Deutsche Bank AG has a 1-year low of €9.91 and a 1-year high of €19.95. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €17.74 and a 200 day moving average price of €15.83. The stock’s market capitalization is €22.14 billion. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/deutsche-bank-ag-dbk-given-a-16-00-price-target-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. Deutsche Bank AG Company Profile Deutsche Bank AG is a Germany-based global investment bank. The Company diversifies its activities into three group divisions: Corporate & Investment Bank (CIB); Private Clients and Asset Management (PCAM), and Corporate Investments (CI). The Corporate & Investment Bank group division comprises corporate banking and securities activities and is divided into Corporate Banking & Securities (CB&S), comprising Markets and Corporate Finance businesses, and Global Transaction Banking (GTB) corporate divisions. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Bank AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Bank AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance QUALCOMM Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Broadcom Ltd (AVGO) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Macquarie NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Macquarie QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Macquarie Analysts Anticipate BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) to Announce $0.11 Earnings Per Share Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Major Shareholder Harbor Master Investors Hadley Sells 161,400 Shares Workday Inc (WDAY) Director Michael A. Stankey Sells 78,600 Shares CO2 Solutions Inc (CST) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Abattis Bioceuticals Corp (ATT) Director Sells C$18,000.00 in Stock Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Add” Rating for Fuller, Smith & Turner plc (FSTA) GLI Finance Ltd (GLIF) Research Coverage Started at Liberum Capital GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Earns Underperform Rating from BNP Paribas Calian Group Ltd (CGY) Insider Patrick Joseph Thera Sells 900 Shares Contrarius Investment Manageme Sells 2,400 Shares of McClatchy Co (MNI) Stock HNI Corp (HNI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Price Target Raised to $127.00 Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) to Sell Wolseley plc (WOSYY) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Macquarie March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Macquarie started coverage on shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) in a report released on Thursday. The firm issued a neutral rating and a $60.00 target price on the wireless technology company’s stock. Several other analysts have also issued reports on the stock. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc initiated coverage on shares of QUALCOMM in a research report on Tuesday, December 20th. They issued a positive rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. Vetr upgraded shares of QUALCOMM from a buy rating to a strong-buy rating and set a $73.44 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Wells Fargo & Co restated an outperform rating and issued a $75.00 price target (down from $80.00) on shares of QUALCOMM in a research report on Saturday, January 28th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered shares of QUALCOMM from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and raised their price target for the stock from $69.34 to $70.00 in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Mizuho restated a buy rating and issued a $75.00 price target on shares of QUALCOMM in a research report on Tuesday, January 24th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, fifteen have issued a hold rating, fifteen have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. QUALCOMM has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $67.29. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) traded up 0.009% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $57.205. 1,413,630 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $56.89 and its 200 day moving average price is $62.76. QUALCOMM has a 12 month low of $49.67 and a 12 month high of $71.62. The firm has a market capitalization of $84.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.446 and a beta of 1.31. QUALCOMM (NASDAQ:QCOM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The wireless technology company reported $1.19 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $1.18 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $5.99 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $6.12 billion. QUALCOMM had a net margin of 20.56% and a return on equity of 20.25%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the business posted $0.97 EPS. On average, analysts expect that QUALCOMM will post $4.66 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Macquarie” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/qualcomm-inc-qcom-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-macquarie.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, March 22nd. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, March 1st were given a dividend of $0.53 per share. This represents a $2.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.71%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Monday, February 27th. QUALCOMM’s dividend payout ratio is 64.63%. In related news, EVP Matthew S. Grob sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $65.86, for a total transaction of $131,720.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 2,000 shares in the company, valued at $131,720. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, Director Anthony J. Vinciquerra acquired 1,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The shares were purchased at an average price of $53.99 per share, with a total value of $53,990.00. Following the acquisition, the director now owns 1,281 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $69,161.19. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.24% of the stock is owned by insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Massey Quick & Co. LLC purchased a new position in shares of QUALCOMM during the fourth quarter worth about $105,000. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. boosted its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 53.2% in the third quarter. Orrstown Financial Services Inc. now owns 1,627 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 565 shares in the last quarter. Edmond DE Rothschild Monaco purchased a new position in shares of QUALCOMM during the third quarter worth about $112,000. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 4.8% in the third quarter. Tradewinds Capital Management LLC now owns 1,785 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $122,000 after buying an additional 81 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Penserra Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of QUALCOMM by 94.0% in the third quarter. Penserra Capital Management LLC now owns 1,911 shares of the wireless technology company’s stock worth $129,000 after buying an additional 926 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 79.28% of the company’s stock. QUALCOMM Company Profile QUALCOMM Incorporated is engaged in the development and commercialization of a digital communication technology called code division multiple access (CDMA). The Company is engaged in the development and commercialization of the orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) family of technologies, including long-term evolution (LTE), which is an Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM)-based standard that uses OFDMA and single-carrier Frequency Division Multiple Access (FDMA), for cellular wireless communication applications. Receive News & Ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for QUALCOMM Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States ELF Beauty Closes in on Secondary Offering By Chris Lange March 31, 2017 10:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet e.l.f. Beauty Inc. (NYSE: ELF) has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its secondary offering. The company priced its 8.34 million shares at $27 per share, with an overallotment option for an additional 1.251 million shares. At this price, the entire offering is valued up to $258.96 million. The underwriters for the offering are JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, Piper Jaffray, Wells Fargo, William Blair, BMO Capital Markets, Cowen, Stifel and SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. This is one of the fastest growing, most innovative cosmetics companies in the United States. ELF Beauty has challenged the traditional belief that quality cosmetics are only available at high prices in select channels. The company offers high-quality, prestige-inspired beauty products for eyes, lips and face at extraordinary value, with the majority of its items retailing for $6 or less. These price points encourage trial and experimentation, while the commitment to quality and a differentiated consumer engagement model engenders loyalty among a passionate and vocal group of consumers. ELF Beauty believes its success is rooted in the innovation process and ability to build direct consumer relationships. Born as an e-commerce company over a decade ago, it has created a modern consumer engagement and responsive innovation model that keeps products on-trend and consumers engaged as brand ambassadors. The consumers provide real-time feedback through reviews and social media, which enables ELF Beauty to refine and augment its product portfolio in response to their needs. The company leverages its fast-cycle product development and asset-light supply chain to launch high-quality products in as few as 20 weeks from concept, and 27 weeks on average. The products are first launched on elfcosmetics.com, and distribution is generally only broadened to its retail customers after ELF Beauty receives strong consumer validation online. The company believes this has led to consistently strong retail sales per linear foot of shelf space. This is also one of the fastest growing cosmetics brands at Target, Walmart and CVS. The net proceeds from this offering are going toward the selling stockholders. Shares of ELF traded up 3.1% at $28.47 Friday morning, with a consensus analyst price target of $31.00 and a 52-week trading range of $23.73 to $32.54. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Streaming Music Is Top Music Industry Revenue Generator How Akari Therapeutics Is Putting Itself on the Map » Read more: Consumer Products, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Athene Holding Updates IPO Outlook By Chris Lange March 28, 2017 10:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Athene Holding has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). The company values its offering of 25 million shares up to $1.5 billion, with an overallotment option for an additional 3.75 million shares. At this valuation, the company most likely will price its shares around $52 per share. Previously, the company had said its expected price range was $38 to $42 per share. The company intends to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ATH. The underwriters for the offering are Goldman Sachs, Barclays, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, Merrill Lynch, BMO Capital Markets, Credit Suisse, Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan, Morgan Stanley, RBC Capital Markets, BNP Paribas, Evercore ISI, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, UBS Investment Bank, Keefe Bruyette & Woods and Sandler O’Neil. This leading retirement services company issues, reinsures and acquires retirement savings products designed for the increasing number of individuals and institutions seeking to fund retirement needs. It generates attractive financial results for policyholders and shareholders by combining the two core competencies of (1) sourcing long-term, generally illiquid liabilities and (2) investing in a high-quality investment portfolio, which takes advantage of the illiquid nature of its liabilities. The company’s steady and significant base of earnings generates capital that it opportunistically invests across its business to source attractively priced liabilities and capitalize on opportunities. Athene’s differentiated investment strategy benefits from its strategic relationship with Apollo Global Management and its indirect subsidiary, Athene Asset Management (AAM). AAM provides a full suite of services for the investment portfolio, including direct investment management, asset allocation, mergers and acquisition asset diligence, and certain operational support services, including investment compliance, tax, legal and risk management support. Athene’s relationship with Apollo and AAM also provides it with access to Apollo’s investment professionals across the world, as well as Apollo’s global asset management infrastructure that, as of September 30, 2016, supported more than $188 billion of assets under management across a broad array of asset classes. As of the end of September, the company had grown to $73.1 billion in investments, including related parties, $71.6 billion in invested assets and $87.0 billion of total assets. In the filing the company said: Our organic channels have provided deposits of $8.8 billion, $3.9 billion and $2.9 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Withdrawals on our deferred annuities were $4.2 billion, $4.4 billion and $4.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014, respectively. Athene intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for working capital and general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analyst Has 5 Big Reasons to Keep Buying Semiconductor Stocks March Consumer Confidence Index Hits 16-Year High » Read more: Banking & Finance, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by John Ruch on March 27, 2017. Condemned Sandy Springs house finally sold, demolished Four years after it was condemned, a fire-damaged house at 337 Hilderbrand Drive in Sandy Springs was finally demolished last week. The teardown was done by Swanton Davis, whom mortgage lender JPMorgan Chase finally allowed to buy the property after about 16 months of trying. The house at 337 Hilderbrand Drive undergoing demolition on March 17. (John Ruch) “I got that eyesore out of the public eye,” said Davis, a property developer. He said the property will remain a vacant lot until around mid-2018, when his son will graduate college and start his own development career with a single-family house on the site. The Hilderbrand house was among thousands nationwide left in disrepair amid legal confusion in the wake of the 2007-2008 mortgage crisis. It was condemned after a February 2013 fire that forced former owner Charles Farlow to move out and caused extensive damage he said he couldn’t afford to repair. Farlow had previously transferred the house’s ownership to his mother Myrleen as part of an attempt to negotiate with Chase on mortgage payments. City inspectors found the situation confusing and took Charles Farlow, Chase or both to court several times — even jailing Farlow at one point — with little result. In recent months, Farlow said he had lined up Davis as a buyer for the property, but that Chase would not agree to the sale. Meanwhile, neighbors stepped up pressure on the city to do something, including by circulating a petition. At a February court hearing, the city got authority to demolish the house and take down “dangerous” trees. Chase, which did not immediately respond to a comment request, had an attorney at that hearing who agreed to the plan and said it was attempting to arrange a buyer. That buyer turned out to be Davis, who said he signed a contract with Myrleen Farlow about 16 months ago and was just waiting on the bank, which finally gave its “blessing.” He organized and paid for the house’s demolition. “I don’t know why Chase wouldn’t go ahead and [say], ‘Get this off our books,’” Davis said. “I know the bank knew how much of a nuisance it was to the city.” “The city was reimbursed for most of its expenses,” said City Attorney Wendell Willard. “We consider this a successful resolution of the problem.” One neighbor who had pushed for action on the property as it attracted homeless people and dropped tree limbs said he remained unhappy with how long it took the city to work out a solution, though he praised Mayor Rusty Paul’s efforts. And Chase, the neighbor said, should be “publicly shamed” for failing to take responsibility for the property’s condition for years. “I’m disappointed the lot will remain undeveloped for a period of time,” the neighbor said, “but certainly, no house is better than the dangerous structure we’ve all had to live next to for so many years now.” About John Ruch Mail | More Posts (1031) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Three people arrested in I-85 fire, collapse I-85 collapse decreasing business, increasing traffic Notorious jewel thief Doris Payne banned from Perimeter Mall, other DeKalb malls Atlanta launches a new payment system for water and sewer bills Sandy Springs office tower on Roswell Road comes down Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Video: Driver swerves on Texas highway before striking bus Mourners gather to remember late-Montrose veterinarian Police make drug bust near elementary school PD: Doctor's wife lied about being raped to cover up affair Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Firearms deaths of police officers down since January Waste Management supervisors sentenced for hiring undocumented Houston police sergeant kills himself inside HPD station Discovery of Kemp's ridley sea turtle nest on South Padre Island US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Two activists who filmed undercover videos of Planned Parenthood These Hispanic contractors offered to build Trump's border wall. Lamborghini driver in homicide case blames drug results on #TrumpTruck memes take over the Internet after photo of Trump in Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Rockets fall to Warriors, suffer first 3-game losing streak of UConn's 111-game winning streak ends, Mississippi State wins at Montrezl Harrell returns to Rockets lineup invigorated by birth Rockets' Lou Williams finding other ways to score while working Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Top Workplaces nominations open: What makes your employer Small-business resources Business calendar Houston's consumer spending dropped again in December A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games RuPaul’s Drag Race: Three cheers for cucu Chef Danny Trace out at Brennan's 'Game of Thrones': A look back at season 6 Alley Theatre’s 2017-18 season to put topical issues, Hollywood Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Fall Oscar de le Renta retrospective announced during Bayou Bend Texas teens fake marriage proposal to get free dessert at fancy Cruise destinations that depart from the Port of Galveston Hats off to the Hermann Park Conservancy's Italian-style picnic Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/bizfeed/article/Houston-s-consumer-spending-dropped-again-in-11041225.php Houston's consumer spending dropped again in December By Andrea Rumbaugh Published 11:32 am, Friday, March 31, 2017 Photo: Nam Y. Huh, STF Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this Dec. 26, 2014, file photo, customers shop at Nordstrom Rack in Schaumburg, Ill. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, File) In this Dec. 26, 2014, file photo, customers shop at Nordstrom Rack in Schaumburg, Ill. (AP Photo/Nam Y. Huh, File) Photo: Nam Y. Huh, STF Houston's consumer spending dropped again in December 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Houston's year-over-year consumer spending dropped 1.97 percent in December 2016, according to JPMorgan Chase Institute's Local Consumer Commerce Index released this week. Across the 15 cities examined, local consumer commerce grew by 1.5 percent between December 2015 and December 2016, ending a period of declines that began in July 2016. Houston was the only large metropolitan area examined that didn't see growth in consumer spending. However, the 1.97 percent contraction was the city's smallest since March 2016. RELATED: Houston consumer spending down in November 2016 The index is constructed from more than 18 billion anonymized credit and debit card transactions from more than 58 million Chase customers. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Video: Driver swerves on Texas highway before striking bus Mourners gather to remember late-Montrose veterinarian Police make drug bust near elementary school PD: Doctor's wife lied about being raped to cover up affair The Lead Homegrown Houston celeb returns to her high school HPD sergeant kills self inside station Texas' 'sweetheart' would have been 85 this week Lynn Wyatt and more fete Oscar de le Renta fashion show Report: Cheerleaders accused of prostitution, underage drinking Life sentence given in fatal shooting outside popular F Bar Video shows deadly crash at Beltway toll booth Couple throws epic Texas-themed wedding Game of Thrones: Where we've been and where we're going Vintage classics coming to Amazon Prime, Netflix HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Woman charged in child custody case Deputies investigate possible homicide in Waller County 'Lost' 9/11 photos released by FBI Rare photos show Bush reaction to Sept. 11 How the arts world reacted to 9/11 attacks Texas car collector auctioning off treasures Auto auction showing off tons of classic cars The coolest cars you can't get in America April is going to be the best month for TV Here's what's streaming in April TV shows that are ending forever this week More Business News Top Workplaces nominations open: What makes your employer... Houston's consumer spending dropped again in December Brooks Utility Products hires EV Smith to handle sales BHGRE Gary Greene inks lease in River Oaks Collection Stage Stores to acquire bankrupt Gordmans stores Prologis expands holdings in West by Northwest Industrial Park Most Read 1 Two Houston doctors facing removal by Immigration officials... 2 Witness: Driver who hit church bus said he was texting 3 Houston police sergeant kills himself inside HPD station 4 Rockets fall to Warriors, suffer first 3-game losing streak of... 5 LPD: Woman lied about being raped by husband's coworker 6 Video: Erratic driver swerves on Texas highway moments before... 7 Report: College cheerleading team accused of prostitution,... 8 Racial discrimination in The Woodlands concerns residents, board 9 Stunning crash kills man at Beltway 8 toll booth 10 Mourners gather to remember Montrose veterinarian who killed... Small Business How to Import a CSV File to a vCard Running a Verizon FiOS Box Through TiVo What Is the Sequence for Preparing Financial Statements? What Is the Difference Between Introductory Rates and Default Interest Rates? Outstanding Balance Vs. a Credit in Accounting View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fortive Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TESARO Inc (TSRO) to Post FY2017 Earnings of ($8.68) Per Share, Jefferies Group Forecasts Finjan Holdings, Inc. to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.08 Per Share, Zacks Investment Research Forecasts (FNJN) SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Fortive Corp (FTV) Morgan Advanced Materials PLC (MGAM) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Carnival Corp’s Q2 2017 Earnings (CCL) Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd (NCLH) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Price Target Raised to $55.00 at Morgan Stanley BMO Capital Markets Upgrades Flowserve Corp (FLS) to “Outperform” Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Intel (INTC) Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Biogen’s (BIIB) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald FBR & Co Lowers Finish Line Inc (FINL) Price Target to $22.00 Maxim Group Analysts Give Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) a $4.00 Price Target Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms “Positive” Rating for Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital Marine Products Corp. (MPX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research RH Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share (RH) Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts SunTrust Banks Equities Analysts Lift Earnings Estimates for Fortive Corp (FTV) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) – Investment analysts at SunTrust Banks upped their FY2017 earnings per share estimates for shares of Fortive Corp in a research note issued on Wednesday. SunTrust Banks analyst C. Brady now anticipates that the brokerage will post earnings per share of $2.70 for the year, up from their previous estimate of $2.69. SunTrust Banks has a “Buy” rating and a $67.00 price objective on the stock. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Fortive Corp’s Q1 2018 earnings at $0.62 EPS, Q2 2018 earnings at $0.74 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.92 EPS. Several other equities analysts have also recently issued reports on FTV. Sanford C. Bernstein reaffirmed an “outperform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. William Blair reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Fortive Corp from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $56.00 to $66.00 in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Royal Bank of Canada began coverage on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. They issued a “sector perform” rating and a $63.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. began coverage on shares of Fortive Corp in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. They issued a “market perform” rating on the stock. Ten investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Fortive Corp currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $57.14. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/suntrust-banks-equities-analysts-lift-earnings-estimates-for-fortive-corp-ftv.html. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) opened at 59.62 on Friday. The stock has a market cap of $20.62 billion and a P/E ratio of 23.75. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $58.37 and its 200-day moving average is $54.20. Fortive Corp has a 1-year low of $43.00 and a 1-year high of $60.18. Fortive Corp (NYSE:FTV) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 7th. The company reported $0.68 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $1.63 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.61 billion. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, March 31st. Investors of record on Friday, February 24th will be given a dividend of $0.07 per share. This represents a $0.28 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.47%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 22nd. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in FTV. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS increased its position in shares of Fortive Corp by 0.4% in the fourth quarter. Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS now owns 17,243 shares of the company’s stock worth $925,000 after buying an additional 72 shares during the last quarter. Baldwin Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Fortive Corp by 0.9% in the fourth quarter. Baldwin Investment Management LLC now owns 10,416 shares of the company’s stock worth $559,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the period. Capital Guardian Trust Co. boosted its stake in Fortive Corp by 6.4% in the fourth quarter. Capital Guardian Trust Co. now owns 3,748 shares of the company’s stock worth $201,000 after buying an additional 226 shares during the period. Busey Trust CO boosted its stake in Fortive Corp by 0.3% in the fourth quarter. Busey Trust CO now owns 89,739 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,812,000 after buying an additional 262 shares during the period. Finally, GLG LLC boosted its stake in Fortive Corp by 6.8% in the fourth quarter. GLG LLC now owns 6,441 shares of the company’s stock worth $345,000 after buying an additional 409 shares during the period. 77.18% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Fortive Corp Fortive Corporation is a diversified industrial growth company. The Company designs, develops, manufactures and markets professional and engineered products, software and services for a range of end markets. The Company operates through two segments: Professional Instrumentation and Industrial Technologies. Receive News & Ratings for Fortive Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fortive Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe The U.S. Consumer Will Probably Be Fine After Weak Start to Year by Sho Chandra @ShoChandra More stories by Sho Chandra March 31, 2017, 12:24 PM EDT Weather, tax-refund delays among culprits for February figures ‘This is a blip,’ says JPMorgan chief U.S. economist Feroli U.S. March Consumer Sentiment Rises Below Estimate The disappointing start to the year for Americans’ spending probably won’t be the story for the rest of 2017: Faster income growth, higher confidence and a robust labor market are all in place to help ensure a rebound. Personal spending advanced just 0.1 percent in February after a 0.2 percent gain a month earlier, reflecting fewer auto purchases and a drop in outlays for electricity and natural gas amid milder weather, Commerce Department data showed Friday. Incomes, however, climbed 0.4 percent from January and were up 4.6 percent from February of last year, the largest gain since May 2015. Economists, despite projections of softer consumption in the first quarter that’s been a common theme the last three years, expect stronger spending growth will reemerge. One cautionary note is the steady pickup in inflation, which last month exceeded the Federal Reserve’s goal for the first time since 2012 and will pinch wallets. “It’s a weak start to the year,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in New York. “A lot of it was the weather, and spending could have been held back by the slow payout of tax refunds. This is a blip, and consumer spending will recover in the second quarter. The fundamentals for spending look good.” Consumer Confidence Separate figures from the University of Michigan showed consumer sentiment climbed in March as a gauge of perceptions about current conditions including personal finances rose to the highest level since July 2005. The Commerce Department’s personal consumption expenditures price index, the Fed’s preferred measure of inflation because it’s based on what consumers are purchasing, rose 2.1 percent in February from a year earlier, the fastest pace in almost five years. Central bankers, who raised interest rates at their March meeting, are expected to lift them further this year following progress on their full employment and 2 percent inflation goals. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Adjusting consumer spending for inflation, which generates the figures used to calculate gross domestic product, purchases fell 0.1 percent after a 0.2 percent decrease the previous month. Economists said unusually mild winter weather -- February was the second-warmest on record, according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration -- and delayed tax returns explain much of the slowdown. In February, household outlays on services fell 0.1 percent for a second month after adjusting for inflation. Spending on electricity and natural gas to heat homes dropped 3.9 percent last month after plunging 13.2 percent in January. Utility spending in January and February represented the weakest two-month stretch in more than 25 years, according to Feroli. Economists at Morgan Stanley and Barclays Plc were among those who trimmed forecasts for first-quarter consumer spending, which means economic growth will also be weaker than was anticipated before the Friday report. The Atlanta Fed’s GDPNow model estimates U.S. growth of 0.9 percent. “It would be a mistake to think this is a new trend” in spending, Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomics, said in a note after the report. Real income growth is consistent with annualized spending gains of 2 percent to 2.5 percent, he wrote. While a Bloomberg survey of economists from March 10 to March 16 projects 2.6 percent spending growth in the second quarter, there are risks it could disappoint. Sales of automobiles -- a big-ticket item -- cooled entering 2017 and were flat the past two months. Cars and light trucks sold at an annualized 17.5 million pace in both January and February, down from 18.3 million in December, according to Ward’s Automotive Group data. Rising delinquencies also point to signs of trouble in lending for automobiles. Steve Eisman, the Neuberger Berman Group fund manager who was featured in Michael Lewis’s book “The Big Short,” said he’s concerned about the U.S. subprime-auto market, though he thinks it’s not a big enough asset class to cause problems for the financial system as a whole. Steve Eisman, portfolio manager at Neuberger Berman Group, talks about subprime auto risks (Source: Bloomberg) Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Brown & Brown Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Brown & Brown, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BRO) Nomura Cuts Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Price Target to $925.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Callaway Golf Co (ELY) to Sell Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for HCI Group Inc (HCI) Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Research Coverage Started at Needham & Company LLC TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Discover Financial Services (DFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of $1.83 Per Share, Oppenheimer Holdings Forecasts Cantor Fitzgerald Comments on Zynerba Pharmaceuticals Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (ZYNE) Godaddy Inc (GDDY) Earns Overweight Rating from Analysts at Barclays PLC Barclays PLC Begins Coverage on Wix.Com Ltd (WIX) Flex Ltd (FLEX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zynerba Pharmaceuticals’ (ZYNE) Buy Rating Reiterated at HC Wainwright Flex’s (FLEX) Buy Rating Reiterated at Royal Bank of Canada Datawatch Co. (DWCH) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Cree, Inc. (CREE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG HSBC Holdings plc Lowers Jimmy Choo PLC (CHOO) to Hold Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for AGF Management Limited’s Q3 2017 Earnings (AGF) SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Brown & Brown, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BRO) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Brown & Brown, Inc. (NYSE:BRO) – Research analysts at SunTrust Banks lowered their Q1 2017 earnings per share (EPS) estimates for Brown & Brown in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. SunTrust Banks analyst M. Hughes now anticipates that the firm will earn $0.40 per share for the quarter, down from their prior forecast of $0.45. SunTrust Banks also issued estimates for Brown & Brown’s FY2017 earnings at $1.85 EPS, Q1 2018 earnings at $0.44 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $2.04 EPS. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) last announced its earnings results on Monday, January 23rd. The company reported $0.42 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.01. Brown & Brown had a net margin of 14.57% and a return on equity of 11.57%. The company earned $433.60 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $431.30 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.38 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up 7.1% on a year-over-year basis. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Brown & Brown, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BRO)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/suntrust-banks-weighs-in-on-brown-brown-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-bro.html. A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on BRO. Zacks Investment Research cut Brown & Brown from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. BMO Capital Markets raised Brown & Brown from an “underperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and upped their price target for the stock from $37.00 to $46.00 in a report on Monday, December 12th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Brown & Brown from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, December 16th. Langen Mcalenn reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Friday, December 30th. Finally, Barclays PLC reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $39.00 price target on shares of Brown & Brown in a report on Monday, January 9th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Brown & Brown presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $37.89. Brown & Brown (NYSE:BRO) opened at 42.05 on Friday. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $43.10 and a 200-day moving average of $41.45. Brown & Brown has a 52 week low of $34.23 and a 52 week high of $45.77. The company has a market capitalization of $5.89 billion, a P/E ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 0.73. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 11.4% in the third quarter. Integrated Investment Consultants LLC now owns 2,925 shares of the company’s stock worth $110,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the last quarter. TLP Group LLC purchased a new position in shares of Brown & Brown during the third quarter worth approximately $113,000. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 2.1% in the third quarter. Bronfman E.L. Rothschild L.P. now owns 3,498 shares of the company’s stock worth $132,000 after buying an additional 71 shares during the last quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC boosted its position in shares of Brown & Brown by 10.9% in the third quarter. Mosaic Family Wealth LLC now owns 3,858 shares of the company’s stock worth $145,000 after buying an additional 379 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Seven Eight Capital LP purchased a new position in shares of Brown & Brown during the fourth quarter worth approximately $188,000. 72.27% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Brown & Brown Company Profile Brown & Brown, Inc is a diversified insurance agency, wholesale brokerage, insurance programs and service company. The Company markets and sells insurance products and services, in the property, casualty and employee benefits areas. It provides its customers with non-investment insurance contracts, as well as other customized risk management products and services. Receive News & Ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Brown & Brown Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Facebook twitter rss instagram Home Travel Deals Booking Tools Credit Cards Travel Credit Cards from our Partners Jaw-Dropping Chase Ultimate Rewards Points (In Depth) Review (50k Points) Chase Sapphire Preferred Review – The Best Travel Card 5 Credit Cards for Overseas Travel Barclay Arrival Plus™ World Elite Mastercard® For Travelers: The Platinum Card from American Express How to Get 25,000 Starpoints with the Starwood Preferred Guest® Credit Card from American Express This Week Weekly News Weekly Travel Contests Travel App of the Week Travel Website of the Week Travel Video of the Week Travel Product of the Week Travel Book of the Week Ask a Pilot Newsletter Archive Johnny’s Travels Travel Tips Travel Tip of the Day Share Your Own Tips! Travel 101 Airline Codes Airline Numbers Alternate Airports Cruise Line Numbers Hotel Numbers Rental Car Numbers Travel 101 Travel Portal Weather Travel Style About Contributors A Tribute to My Mother Johnny’s Photos Johnny’s Videos Advertise with Johnny Contact Media: In the News Hot Topics January 17, 2017 | How to: Sleep on a plane January 11, 2017 | What to Do: Weather Delays and Flight Cancellations October 28, 2016 | 10 Things You Need to Know About Solo Travel to Antarctica October 10, 2016 | VIDEO: Going Local in the Philippines, Part 3: The Luxurious Side of the Philippines September 13, 2016 | Savoring Pure Greece September 8, 2016 | Flying High at the Albuquerque Balloon Fiesta September 2, 2016 | 13 Things to Know Before You Travel to Iceland August 22, 2016 | 15 Tips for Surviving a Long Flight August 16, 2016 | An American Traveler in North Korea August 12, 2016 | Meet Me at Rendezvous August 2, 2016 | A Quick Guide to Suzhou, the “Venice of the East” July 27, 2016 | Island Insider: Cape Breton, Nova Scotia July 26, 2016 | City Insider: The Palm Beaches, FL July 25, 2016 | Takeaways from the 2016 Farnborough International Airshow May 9, 2016 | 6 Airfare Deals Websites Every Traveler Needs to Bookmark April 13, 2016 | How to Get an Immigrant Visa Without a Lawyer March 18, 2016 | In Pursuit of the Edge in Papua New Guinea, Part 2: The Best Day of My Travel Life December 4, 2013 | 15 Notes on El Salvador, Where Life Grows Free and Green October 30, 2013 | Fallen Soldier on My Delta Flight April 4, 2012 | 12 Facts You Never Knew About Longyearbyen: The World’s Northernmost City March 31, 2017 | 8 Things to Know Before Going to Pai, Thailand March 31, 2017 | Travel Style: Michael Mina March 31, 2017 | A Suggestion From an Airline Ramp Worker March 31, 2017 | Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood? March 30, 2017 | Review: Briggs & Riley Accelerate Backpack Search for: Home Travel News Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood? Posted By: Geoff Whitmore If you haven’t yet heard, there’s some big news in the credit card points world this week. Last year, Marriott and Starwood completed their merger and have been releasing details about how to share points from one company to the other. As always, there are some great ways to use your points and then there are some not so great ways to use those points. Transferring points from one company to another can open new doors and new opportunities for using your points. Don’t have Marriott or Starwood points? That’s ok, we’re going to talk about the benefits of transferring your Chase Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott Rewards and to Starpoints with SPG. Chase Ultimate Rewards Let’s start off with the basics. You can earn Chase Ultimate Rewards points through spending on the Chase Freedom, Chase Ink Business, Chase Sapphire Preferred® Card, and the much discussed and celebrated, Chase Sapphire Reserve. Points can be redeemed in three ways, cash back, purchasing travel through the Ultimate Rewards portal, and transferring to airline partners. If you’re an Ink Plus, Sapphire Preferred, or Sapphire Reserve cardholder, you’ll receive a 20 percent discount on your purchases through the travel portal, making your points worth 1.25 cents each. That means that a $200 flight would only cost you 16,000 points. Chase Ultimate Rewards points can also be transferred to numerous travel partners, including United Airlines, Singapore Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, Southwest, Hyatt, and Marriott, to name a few. Prior to this merger, there would have been no way, that is no way that’s worth it, to exchange your Chase Ultimate Rewards points for Starpoints in the Starwood Preferred Guest loyalty program. Connecting Your Accounts If you do have both a Marriott and Starwood rewards accounts, the first step is to connect the two accounts. If your accounts have not yet been connected, you won’t be able to move your points from one to the other. You can start at either website, for connecting your accounts. Once your accounts are connected you should see a link to begin transferring your points. Points must be moved in increments of 1,000. Another benefit of connecting your accounts is that your rewards status will transfer from one account to the other. For example, if you’re a Platinum Elite member with Marriott, you’ll receive the equivalent Platinum status with SPG. Once your accounts are connected, move as many points as you’d like to whichever account you’d like. And here’s where it gets fun, you get to decide where your points are the most valuable to you. Each rewards program has its benefits and you’ve got to decide what’s the best way for you to spend your points. Moving the Points If your final goal is to move your Chase Ultimate Rewards to Starwood, you’ll have to move those points through Marriott as there’s no way to move your Ultimate Rewards points directly to SPG, that isn’t going to cost you money. Now, whether or not it’s a good idea to transfer to SPG, we’ll get into later. If you’ve decided to use your Chase Ultimate Rewards with either Marriott or SPG, the transfer is a simple process. Log-in to the Ultimate Rewards portal with Chase and then go to the Use Points tab and select Transfer to Travel Partners. This will take you to a screen where you can select to transfer your Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott Rewards. Transferring of points to these travel partners is 1 to 1. One of the biggest benefits, and the reason so many people love Ultimate Rewards, is the instantaneous transfer of points. Sadly, Marriott is one of only a few of Chase’s travel partners that does not instantly transfer your points. Your points, which must be transferred in increments of 1000, can take up to 2 days to show up in your Marriott account. Do note, that this transfer is final and cannot be refunded. Be sure you want to transfer your points before clicking that button. Once you’ve transferred your points from Ultimate Rewards to Marriott Rewards points, it’s easy to transfer them to SPG Starpoints from the Marriott Rewards home page. This transfer should happen immediately so you’ll see the new points in your SPG account almost instantaneously. So, Is it Worth it? Ultimate Rewards to Marriott Ultimate Rewards points are so valuable that I would be careful transferring them to Marriott for transfers to Starwood. Obviously the 3:1 Marriott transfer to SPG hurts the value of your Ultimate Rewards points. Using Ultimate Rewards points for international premium cabin flight makes more sense to me. You could transfer some Chase UR points out to Marriott to help you reach the Southwest Companion Pass. It’s nice now that SPG transfers can help you achieve the SW Companion Pass too. Marriott to Starpoints On the surface, transferring Marriott Rewards to Starpoints looks like it’s always great, because SPG is so valuable. But some SPG deals don’t have as much value. When you start to move your points, a window will pop up showing you that 3 Marriott points transfer to 1 Starpoint. Each Marriott Reward point is worth .7 cents, making 3 worth 2.1 cents total. Each Starpoint is worth 2.5 cents, giving you a gain of .4 cents for every 3 points you transfer from Marriott Rewards to Starpoints. But remember, not every SPG deal will give you as high a value for your points as you might get with Marriott Rewards. As always, it’s important to know what you want and shop around a little before redeeming your points. One instance where transferring your Marriott Rewards to Starpoints would give you good valuation is for reward nights at low-tier hotels. The rates for staying at a tier 1 or 2 hotel may not be that different between Marriott and SPG, but the hotel options are much more unique and hip with SPG. Just take a look at Aloft Bangkok, Le Meridien Angkor, and Four Points by Sheraton in Los Angeles. By converting your Marriott Rewards to Starpoints, you’re getting to stay in great hotels for fewer points. Another reason to transfer your Marriott Rewards to Starpoints is for airline transfers. You can transfer Marriott Rewards directly into miles and airline travel, but you’re going to get very low valuation. With Starpoints, you can find some great airline deals. SPG now partners with 36 different airlines, which give you a transfer rate of 1 point to 1 mile, a fantastic value. Conclusion The merger of Marriott and SPG can be very exciting for those of you who’ve been collecting points with one company or the other because it gives the opportunity to access more ways to use your points and in some instances get a higher valuation for your points. It’s time to get creative when moving your points around. For the first time, you can now get Starpoints from SPG with your Chase Ultimate Rewards, you just have to first move them to Marriott Rewards, so make sure you have a specific SPG redemption in mind first. Anytime you decide to use reward points, it’s important to make sure that you’re getting a good deal when moving your points from one place to another, and there are lots of great deals to be had when using Starpoints with SPG.  Mar 31, 2017Geoff Whitmore The comments on this page are not provided, reviewed, or otherwise approved by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. Editorial Note: The editorial content on this page is not provided by any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood? 5 (100%) 1 vote Tweet Share on Tumblr Email Related SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Be the first to comment on "Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood?" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name Email Website Advertiser Disclosure Johnny’s Free Newsletter Get the latest Travel Deals, News & Tips! Sign up for our FREE newsletter! Recommended by USAToday! Also send me: Travel Deals Daily Travel Tip Travel Products Website of the Week My Favorites Rewards Card Compare Fares Hot Deals Earn 100,000 bonus points - Apply Now - Terms     50,000 bonus points - Apply Now - Terms       30,000 Points - Apply Now - Terms     50,000 Points - Apply Now - Terms Recent Posts 8 Things to Know Before Going to Pai, Thailand Travel Style: Michael Mina A Suggestion From an Airline Ramp Worker Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood? Review: Briggs & Riley Accelerate Backpack Previous Posts Follow on Facebook Booking.com Site Index Travel Portal Find a Destination Travel News About Johnny About the Authors Contact Advertise with us! In the News Recent articles 8 Things to Know Before Going to Pai, Thailand Travel Style: Michael Mina A Suggestion From an Airline Ramp Worker Does it make sense to transfer Ultimate Rewards points to Marriott then to Starwood? Review: Briggs & Riley Accelerate Backpack The Secret to Getting Around Cuba Easily Curb Your Tires When Parking How to Get to Tahiti for Free This Summer Previous Posts Categories Johnny’s Travels Videos Johnny’s Photos Travel Deals Travel News Newsletter Archive ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE-COPYRIGHT JOHNNYJET.COM ADVERTISER DISCLOSURE Advertiser Disclosure: Most of the credit card offers that appear on this site are from credit card companies from which JohnnyJet.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). JohnnyJet.com does not include all credit card companies or all available credit card offers. Our advertiser partners include Chase, American Express, Citibank, and Barclaycard. Editorial Note: The editorial content on this page is not provided by any bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and has not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Opinions expressed here are author's alone, not those of the bank, credit card issuer, airlines or hotel chain, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any of these entities. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lloyds Banking Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Cree, Inc. (CREE) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG HSBC Holdings plc Lowers Jimmy Choo PLC (CHOO) to Hold Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for AGF Management Limited’s Q3 2017 Earnings (AGF) William Blair Comments on Sonic Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SONC) Jefferies Group Weighs in on Sonic Co.’s Q3 2017 Earnings (SONC) Insider Selling: Amaya Inc (AYA) Director Sells 29,585 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: General American Investors Co. Inc. (GAM) Chairman Sells $34,096.40 in Stock Christopher Geoffr Lee-Barber Acquires 100,000 Shares of Otis Gold Corp (OOO) Stock Christopher Douglas Martin Sells 3,000 Shares of Pandora Media Inc (P) Stock Insider Selling: MINDBODY Inc (MB) Insider Sells $27,956.86 in Stock McClatchy Co (MNI) Major Shareholder Sells $65,462.00 in Stock James Keenan Buys 10,000 Shares of Blackrock Capital Investment Corp (BKCC) Stock Mark D. Fischer Sells 1,000 Shares of PVH Corp (PVH) Stock Momo Inc (MOMO) Upgraded to Strong-Buy by Vetr Inc. Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Upgraded by Vetr Inc. to “Buy” H2O INNOVATION INC (HEOFF) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Zodiac Aerospace (ZODFY) Rating Reiterated by Credit Suisse Group AG AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Cut to “Hold” at Vetr Inc. Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Credit Suisse Group AG reissued their neutral rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday morning. They currently have a GBX 70 ($0.88) price objective on the financial services provider’s stock. A number of other research firms have also recently commented on LLOY. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Morgan Stanley set a GBX 70 ($0.88) price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Barclays PLC upgraded shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC to an overweight rating and increased their price target for the company from GBX 55 ($0.69) to GBX 75 ($0.94) in a report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC from GBX 68 ($0.85) to GBX 70 ($0.88) and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a sell rating and set a GBX 52 ($0.65) price target on shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC in a report on Monday, December 12th. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the company. Lloyds Banking Group PLC presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of GBX 70.52 ($0.89). Shares of Lloyds Banking Group PLC (LON:LLOY) opened at 66.28 on Tuesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 67.87 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 61.91. Lloyds Banking Group PLC has a one year low of GBX 47.10 and a one year high of GBX 74.00. The company’s market cap is GBX 46.80 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s (LLOY) Neutral Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/lloyds-banking-group-plcs-lloy-neutral-rating-reiterated-at-credit-suisse-group-ag.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 16th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of GBX 2.20 ($0.03) per share. This represents a dividend yield of 3.17%. This is an increase from Lloyds Banking Group PLC’s previous dividend of $0.85. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. In other news, insider George Culmer sold 145,828 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 6th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 69 ($0.87), for a total transaction of £100,621.32 ($126,456.35). Insiders have bought a total of 784 shares of company stock worth $52,758 over the last 90 days. Lloyds Banking Group PLC Company Profile Lloyds Banking Group plc is a provider of financial services to individual and business customers in the United Kingdom. The Company’s main business activities are retail and commercial banking, general insurance, and long-term savings, protection and investment. The Company’s segments are Retail, Commercial Banking, Consumer Finance, Insurance and Other. Receive News & Ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lloyds Banking Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Goldman Sachs Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Given Buy Rating at HSBC Holdings plc Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Insys Therapeutics Inc (INSY) a $16.00 Price Target Brokerages Set PTC Inc (PTC) Price Target at $57.45 Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cavium Inc (CAVM) Receives $66.82 Average PT from Brokerages Corning Incorporated (GLW) Stock Rating Lowered by Citigroup Inc Viper Energy Partners LP (VNOM) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by Longbow Research Inspired Energy PLC’s (INSE) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Group’s (CF) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Given New C$5.50 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Peyto Exploration & Development Corp (PEY) Receives C$40.29 Average Price Target from Brokerages CME Group Inc (CME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Alex B. Cimochowski Sells 2,000 Shares of CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Stock Steven Richard Bailey Sells 3,076 Shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (PMT) Stock André Gaumond Sells 25,000 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada SM Energy Co (SM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Penn Virginia Co. (PVAC) Now Covered by Canaccord Genuity Innoviva’s (INVA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Goldman Sachs Group Inc (GS) Given Buy Rating at HSBC Holdings plc March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc reiterated their buy rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) in a report issued on Monday morning. The firm currently has a $291.00 target price on the investment management company’s stock. Other research analysts also recently issued reports about the company. Deutsche Bank AG upgraded Goldman Sachs Group from a hold rating to a buy rating and lifted their target price for the stock from $180.00 to $255.00 in a research note on Tuesday, November 29th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $243.00 target price on Goldman Sachs Group and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Monday, December 12th. Credit Suisse Group AG reiterated a buy rating on shares of Goldman Sachs Group in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Barclays PLC lifted their target price on Goldman Sachs Group from $210.00 to $262.00 and gave the stock an equal weight rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. Finally, Vetr upgraded Goldman Sachs Group from a sell rating to a hold rating and set a $240.50 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and fourteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of $224.87. Shares of Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) opened at 231.22 on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group has a 12 month low of $138.20 and a 12 month high of $255.15. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $244.40 and a 200-day moving average price of $215.92. The company has a market capitalization of $95.92 billion, a PE ratio of 14.20 and a beta of 1.50. Goldman Sachs Group (NYSE:GS) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, January 18th. The investment management company reported $5.08 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $4.82 by $0.26. Goldman Sachs Group had a return on equity of 9.78% and a net margin of 24.17%. The company earned $8.17 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.80 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $4.68 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 12.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that Goldman Sachs Group will post $19.23 EPS for the current year. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/goldman-sachs-group-inc-gs-given-buy-rating-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, March 30th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were issued a dividend of $0.65 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, February 28th. This represents a $2.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.12%. Goldman Sachs Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 15.89%. In other news, EVP John F.W. Rogers sold 32,325 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.06, for a total transaction of $8,083,189.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 94,458 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $23,620,167.48. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, EVP Alan M. Cohen sold 5,599 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $250.16, for a total value of $1,400,645.84. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 77,135 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,296,091.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 128,590 shares of company stock valued at $30,926,594 in the last three months. 2.61% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of GS. Searle & CO. acquired a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $782,000. Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund acquired a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $2,867,000. Kentucky Retirement Systems acquired a new position in Goldman Sachs Group during the fourth quarter worth approximately $6,426,000. Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 27.2% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 1,421,066 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $340,274,000 after buying an additional 303,579 shares during the period. Finally, Aspen Investment Management Inc boosted its position in Goldman Sachs Group by 1.7% in the fourth quarter. Aspen Investment Management Inc now owns 3,004 shares of the investment management company’s stock worth $719,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. 72.77% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Goldman Sachs Group Company Profile The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc is an investment banking, securities and investment management company that provides a range of financial services to corporations, financial institutions, governments and individuals. The Company operates in four business segments: Investment Banking, Institutional Client Services, Investing & Lending, and Investment Management. Receive News & Ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Goldman Sachs Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Manitowoc Company Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokerages Set PTC Inc (PTC) Price Target at $57.45 Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Cavium Inc (CAVM) Receives $66.82 Average PT from Brokerages Corning Incorporated (GLW) Stock Rating Lowered by Citigroup Inc Viper Energy Partners LP (VNOM) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Citigroup Inc Arconic Inc (ARNC) Now Covered by Longbow Research Inspired Energy PLC’s (INSE) “Speculative Buy” Rating Reiterated at Beaufort Securities Canaccord Genuity Group’s (CF) Sector Perform Rating Reaffirmed at Scotiabank Black Diamond Group Ltd (BDI) Given New C$5.50 Price Target at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Peyto Exploration & Development Corp (PEY) Receives C$40.29 Average Price Target from Brokerages CME Group Inc (CME) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Alex B. Cimochowski Sells 2,000 Shares of CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) Stock Steven Richard Bailey Sells 3,076 Shares of PennyMac Mortgage Investment Trust (PMT) Stock André Gaumond Sells 25,000 Shares of Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Stock Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada SM Energy Co (SM) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Royal Bank of Canada Penn Virginia Co. (PVAC) Now Covered by Canaccord Genuity Innoviva’s (INVA) Outperform Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company John Charles Carlile Buys 35,000 Shares of Japan Gold Corp (JG) Stock Akzo Nobel (AKZOY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Manitowoc Company Inc (NYSE:MTW) has been assigned an average rating of “Hold” from the fourteen analysts that are currently covering the stock. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 12 month target price among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $5.41. MTW has been the subject of several research reports. Jefferies Group LLC increased their price target on Manitowoc Company from $7.00 to $7.25 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, February 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Manitowoc Company from a “neutral” rating to an “underweight” rating and set a $5.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, December 9th. Royal Bank of Canada reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $5.50 price target on shares of Manitowoc Company in a research note on Friday, March 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Manitowoc Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Finally, OTR Global upgraded Manitowoc Company to a “positive” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. In other news, insider Aaron H. Ravenscroft acquired 5,000 shares of Manitowoc Company stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $6.57 per share, for a total transaction of $32,850.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 28,456 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $186,955.92. The purchase was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Thomas G. Musial sold 23,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $6.70, for a total value of $154,100.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 228,048 shares in the company, valued at $1,527,921.60. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 36,400 shares of company stock worth $238,468. Insiders own 3.36% of the company’s stock. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company by 0.7% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 31,686 shares of the company’s stock valued at $152,000 after buying an additional 215 shares during the period. Philadelphia Trust Co. raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company by 15.9% in the fourth quarter. Philadelphia Trust Co. now owns 17,090 shares of the company’s stock valued at $102,000 after buying an additional 2,340 shares during the period. Comerica Bank raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company by 2.5% in the fourth quarter. Comerica Bank now owns 98,358 shares of the company’s stock valued at $586,000 after buying an additional 2,370 shares during the period. Private Advisor Group LLC raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company by 22.8% in the fourth quarter. Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 29,650 shares of the company’s stock valued at $176,000 after buying an additional 5,514 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of Manitowoc Company by 10.3% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 115,480 shares of the company’s stock valued at $553,000 after buying an additional 10,800 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 75.10% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Manitowoc Company Inc (MTW) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/manitowoc-company-inc-mtw-given-average-rating-of-hold-by-analysts.html. Shares of Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) opened at 5.81 on Friday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $6.09 and its 200-day moving average price is $5.53. The firm’s market cap is $814.50 million. Manitowoc Company has a 12-month low of $3.65 and a 12-month high of $7.57. Manitowoc Company (NYSE:MTW) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, February 1st. The company reported ($0.23) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.16) by $0.07. The business earned $378.20 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $390.18 million. Manitowoc Company had a negative net margin of 23.70% and a negative return on equity of 9.94%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 30.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the company earned $0.43 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Manitowoc Company will post ($0.26) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Manitowoc Company Company Profile The Manitowoc Company, Inc is a provider of engineered lifting equipment for the construction industry. The Company operates through the Crane business segment. It designs, manufactures and distributes a line of crawler-mounted lattice-boom cranes, which it sells under the Manitowoc brand name. It also designs and manufactures a line of top-slewing and self-erecting tower cranes, which it sells under the Potain brand name. Receive News & Ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Manitowoc Company Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe May's Team Said to Plan for Banks Not Getting Brexit Trade Deal by Tim Ross @TimRoss_1 More stories by Tim Ross and Svenja O'Donnell @SvenjaODonnell More stories by Svenja O'Donnell March 31, 2017, 10:56 AM EDT One suggestion is finance be left out of main trade talks May’s office ‘proud’ of London’s status as financial center What Brexit Means for U.K. Banks U.K.-based financial services could be left out of the main Brexit negotiations as British government officials fear it will be too difficult to reach a deal in the two-year time frame for talks. Speaking on condition of anonymity, three senior officials in Prime Minister Theresa May’s team raised concern that an agreement on access for London-based banks to the European market could be impossible. One minister said discussions about a new regulatory framework for U.K.-based banks should be put aside to avoid holding up conversations about other sectors, such as manufacturing and agriculture. Another official said the idea of leaving a deal on banks until later was already being discussed in London and Brussels, where most of the negotiations will unfold. Any weakening of the prospects for a trade deal involving finance would reinforce the need for global banks to plan for the worst and activate plans to move jobs and operations from London to other EU cities. Not doing so would jeopardize their ability to business in the EU after Brexit in March 2019. JPMorgan Chase & Co. is already in talks to buy office space in Dublin, while Citigroup Inc. may move some workers to a new trading unit within the EU. In opening two years of Brexit negotiations on Wednesday, the prime minister this week drew praise from financial services by calling for a “bold and ambitious” trade deal encompassing the sector. She said the talks “should prioritize the biggest challenges” during technical discussions. Not So Fast But her ambitions were dealt a blow Friday when the EU released its draft guidelines for the talks. They said trade negotiations can only begin when “sufficient progress” has been made on the terms of the divorce, EU President Donald Tusk said that was unlikely to occur before the fall. The EU also cautioned against the U.K. adopting a “sector-by-sector” approach and said establishing a "framework" for a deal was the likely focus. That leaves the U.K. with just a year to discuss trade given both sides agree they need to wrap up talks by the end of 2018 so that the European and British parliaments can sign off on their accord. Canada’s trade deal with the EU took seven years to line up and lacked big provisions for finance. A fourth person familiar with U.K. government’s planning said the European Commission and officials in the U.K. Treasury were both considering whether to separate financial services from the main Brexit talks on single market access. A deal covering banking would be the thorniest topic, the person said. The fact that May’s mentioned financial services in her letter to Tusk is a sign her team knows it’s the most challenging sector for negotiation, said the individual, who did not want to be named discussing sensitive policies. May has said she wants to keep big banks in London after Brexit. “We’re proud of the U.K.’s world-beating financial sector, and we’ll work to secure a free trade agreement that covers financial services,” May’s spokesman James Slack told reporters in London on Thursday. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Women in banking Be like BMO, not like the big banks, on gender diversity Megabanks lead fight to curtail influence of ‘social impact’ investors Key SBA program in danger of hitting legislative cap CIBC boosts offer for PrivateBancorp to $4.9 billion JPMorgan eyes Dublin as possible Brexit landing spot search goes here Women in banking Be like BMO, not like the big banks, on gender diversity By Tanaya Macheel Published March 31 2017, 11:04am EDT More in Women in Banking Gender issues Commercial banking Corporate governance Amy Brady Mary Walworth Navarro Cathy Bessant Jill Castilla Print Email Reprints Share Share on How banks can get results on gender equality: A lot of companies talk about gender equality without making much tangible progress toward it, but Bank of Montreal has achieved results. So what is it doing that the others aren't? Setting goals and creating action plans to achieve those goals, among other things. In practice, this sometimes means influencing the career steps individual women take. In this interview, Chief Executive Bill Downe talks about prompting a "superb deputy general counsel" to move to investor relations. She had been expecting to become general counsel, so did not initiate the change herself. "We asked her the age of the general counsel, and if he is doing his job well. The answers were he is not old and he is doing his job well," Downe said. "The investor relations job was another way" for her to advance. Women make up 40% of senior management at BMO — a goal the company set for itself five years ago and achieved in 2016. Nothing to hide?: Arjuna Capital, which is trying to get six big banks and credit card companies to be more transparent about the gender pay gap, says the financial services sector is far more opposed to the idea than the tech companies it targeted last year. Arjuna says five of the six companies — Wells Fargo, Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase, Citigroup and American Express — are asking investors to vote against its proxy proposal, the exception being Mastercard. In contrast, seven of nine tech companies targeted last year took action to improve gender disparities in the workplace. "The banks are sticking their heads in the sand," said Natasha Lamb, Arjuna's director of equity research and shareholder engagement, "which makes you wonder: What do they have to hide?" Several of the banks responded by saying they are committed to promoting diversity and inclusion, and B of A argued in its proxy statement that a report would be "unnecessary," given the disclosures it already makes about diversity. Out with the old, in with the new: Financial institutions of all sizes are overhauling benefits policies and promoting work-life balance to better compete for millennial recruits with the hipper tech sector. Over the past year, the mega banks have strengthened their parental leave policies, and now the regionals are beginning to follow suit. PNC upgraded its policy in January and Fifth Third plans to do so later this year. Help with paying off student loans is another trend. Weighing in on the changes afoot are: Fifth Third's chief administrative officer, Teresa Tanner; Citi's global head of benefits, Lori Szerencsy, and head of employee relations and human resources policies, Jill Rorschach; and First Horizon's manager of employee relations, Linda Bacon. Generational shift: Recruiting and training is also on the mind of KeyCorp's chief information officer, Amy Brady, who shared this overview of what the company is up to on the digital front. She has new hires rotate through different sections of the technology group to learn a wider range of skills from the more senior staff. "Their energy is so cool to see," she said of the younger employees. "They're not trained in the mainframe in college anymore, so working on mainframes is a new technology for them. … It's an interesting generational shift happening." Key's focus is on modernizing collections and loan servicing, both of which run on legacy systems. Brady's group also is adopting the technology industry's agile development approach. Amy Brady, KeyCorp's chief information officer. Support for small-dollar loans: A former community bank CEO and Small Business Administration executive, Ann Marie Mehlum, has just joined the board of SmartBiz Loans, which is an online marketplace that links borrowers and SBA lenders. One of her goals is to help bring back small-dollar business loans. "Our banking system can't do $50,000 or $100,000 loans the way I learned how to do them 25 or 30 years ago," Mehlum said. "It's just not feasible anymore. You just can't sit down and spend three days talking to a small business about a $25,000 loan. The bank can't afford that." Through the use of technology, online lenders like SmartBiz can fill the gap, she said. If you can't beat 'em: Reading Cooperative Bank CEO Julieann Thurlow saw online lender SoFi's Super Bowl commercial last year and immediately applied. In minutes she had a loan — and a new realization about how dangerous fintech challengers are for community banks like hers. "It hit me," Thurlow said. "There's nothing they can't take away from us." Her $513 million-asset bank has been amping up its mobile investment ever since. "Everything needs to be mobile," she said. If you can't apply for your mortgage on your mobile phone, then we're dead in the water." Bank of England's 'woman challenge': Meet six of the most qualified women to fill Charlotte Hogg's seat at the Bank of England and help governor Mark Carney with its "woman challenge." Elizabeth Corley, former chief executive of Allianz Global Investors; Vicky Saporta, the BOE's executive director for prudential policy; Sarah Breeden, executive director for international banks supervision at the Prudential Regulation Authority; Victoria Cleland, the BOE's chief cashier; Helene Rey, a London Business School professor; and Rain Newton-Smith, chief economist of the Confederation of British Industry. Hogg's recent resignation left the BOE with a significant shortage of women at the top. Role call Mary Navarro, retail banking chief at Huntington Bancshares, is retiring in June after 42 years in the industry. She is a repeat honoree on our Most Powerful Women in Banking list. Zurich Insurance Group has elected Cathy Bessant, Bank of America's chief operations and technology officer, to its board of directors. Bessant is also a veteran of the Most Powerful list. AIG has named Donna Demaio as its chief auditor, reporting directly to the board and administratively to the CEO. She will succeed Martha Gallo, who was recently named chief information officer. Goldman Sachs named Joanne Hannaford head of technology for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Hannaford joined Goldman in 1997 and has been a partner since 2014. The Association of Foreign Banks in Switzerland appointed Kristine Braden, Citigroup's country officer for Switzerland, vice president. She also has been selected as its board representative for the Swiss Bankers Association. In case you missed it Connecting the dots: Citizens Bank of Edmond CEO Jill Castilla wrote a reflective essay on the trajectory of her career, talking about how her military experience "absolutely shaped" the person and leader she is now and about how she came to takeover a troubled bank and turn it around. "Some of the best situations in life come out of the darkest, hardest times," she writes. "Looking back, it's easier to see how all the dots connect. Seemingly random situations led to choices that resulted in where I am today." Beyond banking Identity crisis: Hawaii's Republican State Rep. Beth Fukumoto is looking to switch to the Democratic party. When Fukumoto was removed from her role as House Minority leader after speaking at her state's Women's March about tolerance and kindness in America, she gave up hope of bringing change to her own party as a moderate voice. The best way for political parties to address sexism is to get more women in political leadership, she said. "If nothing else, it changes how men interact with women." Women's 'equality' problem: If "feminism" is just another word for "equality," then what is equality? It's become perhaps too fashionable to define feminism that way (thanks partly to Emma Watson and Taylor Swift). Feminism is on track, if it's not there already, to become as hollow as the word "empowerment". "Nothing says misogyny like defining feminism as equality for all — as if focusing a movement, or policy, or activism on women alone is taboo. Or too risky," argues Marcie Bianco, managing editor at the Clayman Institute at Stanford University. "The knee-jerk, 'all lives matter' refusal to center women in this latest iteration of feminism is, I believe, a significant cause of the stalled gender revolution. We cannot address or end the systemic oppression of women if we refuse to center women in that fight. And that means reconsidering what we mean when we talk about equality and power." Join our LinkedIn group for women in banking here and sign up to receive our monthly American Banker Magazine here. Tanaya Macheel More from this Author Speaking 'male' and earning 'male' (aka 'goals') To err is human, to get fired for it … female The Fearless Girl; Lessons from B of A's Smith, Bessant BankThink submission guidelines Want to contribute to BankThink, American Banker's platform for informed opinion about the ideas, trends and events reshaping financial services? View our detailed submission criteria and instructions. Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball - 33 minutes ago Array 0 Are You Mistakenly Trusting Consumers? By Tom Denari - 1 hour ago Array 0 Verizon Said to Plan Online TV Package for Summer Launch 2 hours ago Array 0 Video: Bringing Digital Analytics To TV 4 hours ago Array 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 4 hours ago Array 0 Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? By George Slefo - 4 hours ago 0 April Fool's 2017: All the Pranks That Are Fit to Print By Adrianne Pasquarelli - 4 hours ago 0 Panera's Next 'Clean' Crusade: Calling Out Added Sugars in the Drinks It Sells By Jessica Wohl - 11 hours ago 0 As YouTube Expands 'Sensitive' Ad Filters, Its Stars Lose Money By Garett Sloane - 18 hours ago 0 #ThankYouCoke? YouTube Supporters Give Brand Love by Mistake By E.J. Schultz - 18 hours ago 0 It's 'Food, Not Boobs' in Carl's Jr. and Hardees' Brand Refresh By Ann-Christine Diaz - 2 days ago 0 Lowdown: Nestle Is Latest to Pause Google Spending - Yesterday 0 With Trump Struggling, Wealthy Backers Shell Out $1.3M for TV and Digital Ads to Shore Him Up - Yesterday 0 Why Uniqlo Is Done Chasing Trends and How It Will Conquer U.S. Consumerism By Adrianne Pasquarelli - Yesterday 0 Digital Advertising Tops TV in the U.S. for the First Time By Jeanine Poggi - Yesterday 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Agency News: Viewpoint The 'Brand Safety' Narrative Tearing Up YouTube Is Amusingly Wrong By Andy Ball. Published on March 31, 2017. Credit: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg Most Popular True story. Years ago there was a strip joint named the Diamond Club in the village abutting my suburban Westchester town. An unwelcome presence, public pressure eventually brought it down. One day, a high-profile member of our community led a protest outside the club. Let's call her Mrs. Cleaver. Unbeknownst to her, Mr. Cleaver happened to be inside the club at the time. As he was about to exit, he saw the commotion, the picket signs -- and his wife -- outside. Ingeniously, Mr. Cleaver managed to quickly pay his way out the back door, circle around the property, grab a sign and discretely join the protest. That was some sweet footwork right there. Mr. Cleaver quickly turned vice into virtue, and rejoined the ranks of the righteous. Which brings me to the digital ad placement flare-up, and the manner in which leading agency voices have begun to deftly reframe the resulting narrative on terms more favorable to their interests. If there were an award for this kind of thing, it should be called a Cleaver. Related Stories As YouTube Tinkers With Ad Formula, Its Stars See Their Videos Lose Money Did JPMorgan Chase Just Start A Digital Advertising Revolution? Let's review. Last month, The Times of London published the results of an investigation that basically confirmed that cat food ads can occasionally appear next to ISIS videos. The findings were alarming, and the thrust of the article was clear: since those who post nasty content may be eligible to receive a share of the revenue generated by ads appearing in, near, or before the crap they have published -- unwitting advertisers are inadvertently underwriting, enabling and incenting bad actors to further promulgate their nonsense. Not cool. So let's say that Clem from Erie, Pa., happens to hate pandas (just go with it). He decides to learn more about panda poaching. Clem pokes around a bit, and is thrilled to discover a YouTube video on panda-poaching pointers, which had been posted a month earlier by Bambooshooter44. Before accessing the content he seeks, he waits out a pre-roll ad from Progressive Insurance -- hello, Flo -- then it's panda time. Clem watches maybe half of the poaching tips video, nodding occasionally, before deciding to enjoy some rodeo bloopers instead. A few minutes later, he shuts down and goes to bed. In the preceding homily, the singular concern is that Progressive may have unintentionally compensated bambooshooter44 for posting objectionable content because the system -- despite its blacklists, whitelists and related content-detection tools -- is imperfect and in dire need of reform. The occurrence itself was not publically visible, and the economics were modest. Nonetheless, Progressive -- the company -- was the victim, and is right to question the wisdom of advertising in such channels. That's the problem, and that's why it was the central point of The Times of London expose. 'Brand safety' Yet in bits and pieces, a modified interpretation of the problem is rapidly advancing in the media. This view seems to hold that (somehow) the Progressive brand was damaged. Hence all the recent heavy breathing about brand safety. Holding aside the fact that the original Times of London piece never once used the term, here's what "brand safety" now appears to be about: if an advertised brand appears in an "unsafe environment," the brand has been subjected to (some, as yet undefined) risk and, conceivably, has sustained damage. What? Read that again. It's brilliantly tautological: if you bring me to an unsafe place, you have put me at risk. Yet to buy into this view, one would have to believe that Clem -- who had intentionally sought and located objectionable content -- actually noticed Flo, pondered the ad's placement, presumed it was an implied endorsement of panda poaching -- and in some weird manifestation of self-loathing began to think badly of the Progressive brand. And then he even tweeted his distain for Progressive. Nope. This doesn't happen. This isn't the problem. Again, and as per The Times of London, the problem is that advertisers may be unintentionally helping jackasses. It has little to do with brands, and it has nothing to do with safety. Which is why I find it little stunning (and kind of amusing) that so many statements and headlines related to this whole mess are centered on brand safety. As a term of art, brand safety has been around for some time -- another item on a long industry glossary. Previously, it had to do with concerns about click fraud, viewability, etc., and even then it felt unduly perilous. In the wake of the ad placement flare-up, however, it's taken on an expanded meaning and a new urgency. It's suddenly a headliner, despite it's limited relevance to the real issue. It's kind of surreal. Brand safety was a thing. Then it quickly became a bigger thing. And now it's become a cause. Cue the indignation Brand safety! No one's questioning it. No one's checking with consumers. No one's asking to see the data. Perhaps because it's easier to understand than what's actually happening, it has become an article of faith. I'm not suggesting that it was an orchestrated effort -- but this narrative-shaping is worthy of a Cleaver Award, maybe even a gold Cleavie. Google et al are playing right along, but agencies appear to be advancing the brand safety canard more than the other principals involved. That's right, agencies. The same folks that took their clients off-roading into digital land in the first place -- initially bouncing through the well-documented shortcomings of display, and now crashing into the emergent problems with programmatic buying. Agency culpability? Hey, we're talking about brand safety here … stay focused. Suddenly, agencies want answers from publishers. They held Google's feet to the fire at Advertising Week Europe. They describe brand safety as "a zero-tolerance game." In the interest of protecting their clients moving forward, they've just had a summit in London. (You know something's important when it warrants a summit.) Maybe agencies saw this whole train wreck coming. Last July, GroupM created a C-suite title devoted to brand safety, which was not only smart but prescient. No matter. Regardless of how it's come about, I for one am thrilled to see agencies back on the front foot. After bringing themselves down through a series of unforced errors over the past few years, they are up off the mat. Operating beneath the air cover of brand safety, they're asserting their role in protecting clients' brands. They've managed to turn vice into virtue and rejoined the ranks of the righteous. Just like Mr. Cleaver. In this article: Agencies Agency Viewpoint Programmatic Andy Ball Andy Ball has held senior positions at agencies within the Interpublic and WPP networks. View all articles by this author Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Big Data Analytics Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus IOT Consumer Wearables M2M Smart Cities Cognitive Computing Best drones for kids BuzzFeed IPO rumoured for next year Best Chrome Extensions Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Ford rolls out virtual try before you buy to supercharge test drives Responsibility in the IoT: Why security can’t be treated as an afterthought IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Ford hires BlackBerry engineers in connected-car push Accenture report: AI and IoT spark InsurTech boom Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise CeBit 2017: Huawei leads the wei on road to digital transformation CeBit 2017: The key tech driving this year’s fair in Hannover IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Ford hires BlackBerry engineers in connected-car push Microsoft expands global AI & IoT footprint Cloud Public Private Hybrid AAS World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views Accenture report: AI and IoT spark InsurTech boom The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views How financial services CIOs can turn data management from a cost centre into the most valuable company asset Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes Cyber Security Breaches Protection Solutions Business NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Ghost in the Shell: A fantastical future of hacking minds & cyborgs that may already be a reality Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Google, Facebook & Microsoft promise to tackle terrorist propaganda NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Why Amber Rudd’s WhatsApp encryption obsession will not stop terrorists Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Monzo momentum mounts amid massive fundraiser Hackers steal nearly 4 million records every day Mobility Devices Smartphones Apps Networks Laptops Best wireless chargers for android IBM, Samsung bring Weather Channel app to Galaxy S8 Why Amber Rudd’s WhatsApp encryption obsession will not stop terrorists Best wireless chargers for android IBM, Samsung bring Weather Channel app to Galaxy S8 Samsung breathes new life into Galaxy S8 with revamped design IBM, Samsung bring Weather Channel app to Galaxy S8 Why Amber Rudd’s WhatsApp encryption obsession will not stop terrorists How to make a house a smart home AT&T lands $46bn LTE mega-deal for first responders BT rivals could enjoy price cuts as Ofcom imposes new restrictions on Openreach How to make a house a smart home Windows 10 update designed for Creators with 3D app and mixed reality headset Best Video Editing Software for Mac Best laptops for programming Data Centre IT Power Cooling Modular Former Intel CIO to lead Lenovo data centre business Equinix Cloud Exchange expands in Europe to bring more cloud choice to business Colt DCS targets cheaper AWS & Azure cloud costs with private data centre connectivity The power of Facebook: What the data centre world can learn from Open Compute Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Microsoft embraces open source innovation for data centres at OCP 2017 Schneider Electric targets IoT and edge apps with micro data centre Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change CUI chills the data centre market with ICE Block Containers, Cloud & Renewable energy fuel fundamental data centre change Interxion expands European colo market with new London data centre Facebook fails to throw out lawsuit that alleges data centre design theft Big Data Analytics What is a Data Scientist? Will user behaviour analytics KO SIEM? MapR targets Edge analytics for IoT devices Enterprise IT Storage Software Server Services Applications Virtualisation World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views How financial services CIOs can turn data management from a cost centre into the most valuable company asset Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system Women’s History Month: Top female pioneers in tech Ford hires BlackBerry engineers in connected-car push Intel gives traditional hard drives a speed boost with Optane Memory Qualcomm Snapdragon is now a platform, not a processor Facebook unveils new GPU server Big Basin Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? AWS puts the call centre in the cloud with Amazon Connect 2017: the year when identity and access management is placed at the heart of digital transformation Best free PDF editors Android O Preview drops for developers, offers better battery life and notifications Automate DevOps so you can focus on a security-first culture IBM, Red Hat make hybrid cloud look easy with OpenStack Kaspersky targets VMware NSX security for software defined data centres Vmware, Microsoft & Red Hat: Which virtualisation vendor is best for your business? Digital Transformation Markets Consumer eBanking eHealth eBusiness eTransport Smart Cities The Boardroom SMB Public Sector eCommerce eTail eMoney Fintech White Papers English French What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy Women’s History Month: Top female pioneers in tech CloudAAS Back to Home Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year Increase / Decrease text size Byomakesh Biswal   - Senior Reporter 31st March 2017 Add to favorites The startup is in discussions with bankers for potential IPO. File-storage services firm Dropbox has reportedly secured a $600m credit line, as it moves ahead with plans to go for an initial public offer (IPO) this year. The credit facility, which is led by JPMorgan Chase, is expected to close on the 3rd of April, people familiar with the plans told Bloomberg. Bank of America, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs Group, Macquarie Group and Royal Bank of Canada are the other banks that participated in the new debt facility. The San Francisco-based company is holding discussions with bankers to discuss plans for the public issue, the publication reported. Though the company hasn’t disclosed the timing of the IPO, potential advisers expect it to be prepared to issue the public offer by the end of 2017. Dropbox could utilise debt facilities if it intends to expand rapidly or make acquisitions, said the person. After its launch in 2007, Dropbox has gained signifcant users who want to store photos and other files in the cloud. In early 2014, the company obtained a valuation of $10bn to emerge as one of Silicon Valley’s most valuable unicorn startups. After going public in 2015, Dropbox’s rival Box lost 40% of its market value in that year. Box’s value decline made private investors of Dropbox look at the company under close scrutiny, with mutual fund backers writing down the values of their stakes. To boost its revenues, Dropbox started offering cloud service to larger businesses and trimmed costs by building its own data centers. At the Bloomberg Technology Conference in June last year, Dropbox’s chief executive officer Drew Houston said that the company is free-cash-flow positive though it is yet to make profits. Although it has yet to make profits, Dropbox is popular among consumers and business. Houston, at Fortune’s Brainstorm conference in May 2016, said that nearly 200,000 business teams pay for Dropbox products, with the Dropbox company website stating that it has 500 million registered users worldwide. Tags Cloud Dropbox IPO SaaS Previous ArticleNatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year Next ArticleAT&T lands $46bn LTE mega-deal for first responders Most read Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 Blackrock bets on robots to win big on stock markets Tom Ball 29th March 2017 Is Oracle looking to acquire Accenture? James Nunns 29th March 2017 Almost half of UK business has NO cyber security plan Tom Ball 27th March 2017 IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 Three, Cisco sign major IoT deal to bring connectivity to global enterprise Ellie Burns 27th March 2017 1 in 4 believe robots would make better politicians Hannah Williams 22nd March 2017 Latest White Papers How Intel IT’s Integrated Analytics Platform Helps Sales and Marketing By Intel Le stockage de demain By Kaminario Overcome the Attacker Advantage with McAfee Endpoint Security By Intel Editor’s Pick Samsung breathes new life into Galaxy S8 with revamped design Joe Clark 29th March 2017 How to make a house a smart home Ellie Burns 29th March 2017 Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes James Nunns 29th March 2017 Open source software is for everyone – so where are the women? Ellie Burns 28th March 2017 Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Related News The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy James Nunns 31st March 2017 Has Oracle just won the cloud game? Big Red kills cloud taxes James Nunns 29th March 2017 Cloud Cloud skills hit by gender gap as UK companies struggle to find talent Hannah Williams 29th March 2017 Latest in 4th Revolution 4th Revolution Elon Musk links brains and computers in latest AI venture Byomakesh Biswal 28th March 2017 4th Revolution IBM turns dog whisperer with drone that will look after your pets Byomakesh Biswal 27th March 2017 4th Revolution New Intel AI group to be led by ex-Nervana frontman Naveen Rao Byomakesh Biswal 24th March 2017 Latest in Analysis Robot Wars – Google Home joins the fight Joe Clark 29th March 2017 Why cyber security ignorance is bliss for IoT hackers Joe Clark 28th March 2017 Inside the buzzword: Charting the evolution of IoT Joe Clark 23rd March 2017 What Is About Us Editorial Team Advertise With Us Contact Us Help Privacy Policy RSS Feeds Site Map White Papers © 2016 COMPUTER BUSINESS REVIEW. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Favourites Favorite list is empty.Clear favorites Your favorite posts saved to your browsers cookies. If you clear cookies also favorite posts will be deleted. Latest News on CBR Best drones for kids 15 hours ago World Backup Day: Is it needed or not? Tech experts share their views 15 hours ago How financial services CIOs can turn data management from a cost centre into the most valuable company asset 15 hours ago Lyft pulls April Fools’ Day prank with hands-free gadget 16 hours ago IBM gains patent for machine learning self-driving system 16 hours ago Women’s History Month: Top female pioneers in tech 16 hours ago Ford hires BlackBerry engineers in connected-car push 17 hours ago AT&T lands $46bn LTE mega-deal for first responders 17 hours ago Dropbox secures $600m credit line ahead of potential IPO this year 17 hours ago NatWest bank report finds 1 in 4 UK law firms hacked or hit by fraud last year 19 hours ago BT rivals could enjoy price cuts as Ofcom imposes new restrictions on Openreach 19 hours ago Microsoft expands global AI & IoT footprint 20 hours ago Google, Facebook & Microsoft promise to tackle terrorist propaganda 21 hours ago Accenture report: AI and IoT spark InsurTech boom 21 hours ago The Platform Economy – Providing the Foundation for the Future Economy 21 hours ago Smartphone sales fail to save Huawei profits from flat lining 22 hours ago
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Loyalty Programs Make More Money For Airlines Than Ticket Sales Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Loyalty Programs Make More Money For Airlines Than Ticket Sales Image courtesy of kevindean March 31, 2017 10:24 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a big business a look behind the curtain airlines big business branded credit cards credit cards loyalty programs making a profit miles You might think think of frequent flier miles as a giveaway for airlines; carriers rewarding loyal customers with free or discounted travel. However, these programs are now a bigger money-maker than airfare for U.S. airlines. A good chunk of loyalty revenue comes from airlines selling miles to the banks that run co-branded credit cards. According to Bloomberg, these deals now account for nearly 50% of revenue for many airlines. For every mile an airline sells to a credit card partner — like Citigroup, JP Morgan Chase, and others —  it’s making $0.015 to $0.025. While a fraction of a cent might not seem like a lot, Bloomberg notes that the big banks buy miles by the billions each month, and that translates to big bucks. For example, Bloomberg reports that Delta Air Lines’ American Express partnership is expected to bring in $4 billion in revenue per year by 2021. Alaska Air Group says its partnership with Bank of America will bring in $900 million annually. While having a slew of unused miles outstanding may be an accounting liability, analysts note that airlines aren’t too worried since they sold to these miles to credit card companies for “much more than they will cost the airline when those miles are redeemed.”   March 31, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler a big business a look behind the curtain airlines big business branded credit cards credit cards loyalty programs making a profit miles Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related everyone wants free booze Delta Trying To Sell More Premium Cabin Seats To Cut Down On Free Upgrades ch-ch-ch-changes American Airlines’ Rewards Will Be Based On Ticket Price, Not Miles winning back customers 10 Things We Learned About United Airlines’ Efforts To Not Annoy Customers ch-ch-ch-changes It’s About To Get More Difficult To Earn AAdvantage Miles On American Airlines’ Partner Carriers when it rains... JetBlue Also Reportedly Looking To End American Express Partnership Previous Streaming Music Revenue Surpasses Other Formats For The First Time Ever Next Smartphones May Be Behind Unprecedented Rise In Pedestrian Deaths Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Smartphones May Be Behind Unprecedented Rise In Pedestrian Deaths Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Paragon Group of Companies PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Paragon Group of Companies PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG) Keywords Studios PLC’s (KWS) Buy Rating Reiterated at FinnCap Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages 58.com Inc (WUBA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Snap Inc (SNAP) Earns Sell Rating from Moffett Nathanson Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Robert Bruce Hodgins Purchases 2,000 Shares of Enerplus Corp (ERF) Stock Ibstock plc (IBST) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages AnaptysBio’s (ANAB) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at JMP Securities BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY) Posts Earnings Results Seaport Global Securities Downgrades Cimarex Energy Co (XEC) to Neutral Philadelphia Trust Co. Acquires 400 Shares of Air Products & Chemicals, Inc. (APD) Timken Co (TKR) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. II-VI, Inc. (IIVI) Shares Sold by Philadelphia Trust Co. Philadelphia Trust Co. Holds Stake in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Philadelphia Trust Co. Lowers Position in PPL Corp (PPL) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Purchases Shares of 7,469 VMware, Inc. (VMW) Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC (LON:PAG) in a report issued on Monday. The brokerage currently has a GBX 460 ($5.78) price target on the stock. Other analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC from GBX 230 ($2.89) to GBX 270 ($3.39) and gave the stock an underweight rating in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC from GBX 367 ($4.61) to GBX 446 ($5.61) and gave the stock an outperform rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Shore Capital restated a buy rating on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Liberum Capital restated a hold rating and set a GBX 395 ($4.96) price objective on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Finally, Panmure Gordon raised their price objective on shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC from GBX 340 ($4.27) to GBX 355 ($4.46) and gave the stock an underweight rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Paragon Group of Companies PLC presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 396.90 ($4.99). Shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC (LON:PAG) opened at 415.60 on Monday. Paragon Group of Companies PLC has a one year low of GBX 225.10 and a one year high of GBX 447.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average is GBX 422.17 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 378.64. The company’s market cap is GBX 1.15 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/peel-hunt-reaffirms-buy-rating-for-paragon-group-of-companies-plc-pag.html. In other news, insider Richard Woodman sold 385,714 shares of Paragon Group of Companies PLC stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 4th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 413 ($5.19), for a total value of £1,592,998.82 ($2,002,009.33). Paragon Group of Companies PLC Company Profile The Paragon Group of Companies PLC is engaged in financial services business. The Company operates as an independent buy-to-let lender, and as a debt purchaser through its Idem Capital division, where it purchases, co-manages and services secured and unsecured consumer loan portfolios. It operates through three segments: Paragon Mortgages, Idem Capital and Paragon Bank. Receive News & Ratings for Paragon Group of Companies PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Paragon Group of Companies PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES MARKETS April 1, 2017 | Last updated 5 minutes ago ---- 24KGold-- oil--   Hot Topics: Gitex Shopper UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold prices spike, up Dh10/gram Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Gold Rate Sectors16 Markets5 Automotives1 Banking Construction Employment Features1 General Investment Media Careers2 Energy63 Retail4 Shipping1 Technology9 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors Apple, Amazon, Google bid for Toshiba unit Gitex: Buy an HP laptop and save Dh897 Amazon deal fast-tracks the shifts in ME retail Renewables Aviation1 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Largest Dreamliner jet makes first test flight Etihad, Qatar work around US cabin laptops ban IATA says electronics ban not effective Economy6 Property1 GN Property top stories in Property KKR said to woo state funds for tower firm New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Why these expats can't afford their own flats Money Visas Analysis3 1 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus UK mergers at record high, IPOs at low as Brexit begins Issuers raised a mere $1.7 billion from 11 IPOs, down from $2.38 billion Published: 16:35 March 31, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE London: It’s 2012 again for companies in the UK. The first quarter of this year was the busiest for mergers by volume and the slowest for initial public offerings since the same period in 2012, when Greece’s debt crisis weighed on investors and boards. This time around the UK is the centre of attention. British Prime Minister Theresa May this week officially triggered talks to break away from the European Union. Companies were involved in deals totalling more than $93 billion (Dh341 billion) this quarter, which included several UK businesses buying assets outside the country. That’s up from $37.1 billion in the same period last year. While uncertainty was fertile ground for corporate combinations, it had the opposite effect on appetite for new stock in the equity markets. Issuers raised a mere $1.7 billion from 11 IPOs, down from $2.38 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show. “Over the next two years there will be a period of heightened uncertainty and that will make companies think harder about M&A to generate growth,” said Ed Byers, co-head of UK investment banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co. “We expect to continue to see plenty of deal activity in the UK as companies adjust to the new reality and determine how to take their businesses forward.” The biggest deal by a UK company this year was Reckitt Benckiser Group PLC’s purchase of Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. for nearly $18 billion (Dh66 billion) including debt. The numbers would have been a lot higher if Kraft Heinz Co. had been successful in its $143 billion bid for London-listed Unilever. Appetite for UK companies with a global presence remains strong, with some acquirers hoping to take advantage of an approximately 16 per cent decline in the pound against the dollar since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. European IPOs Low levels of activity in the UK IPO market were reflected across Europe as well, with this first quarter being the slowest for the share sales across the continent since a similar period in 2012. “There has been a heightened awareness of risks among investors as we get closer to certain political and macro events,” said Edward Sankey, head of equity syndicate at Deutsche Bank AG. Buyers have been more price sensitive on stock sales as a result, he said. The largest IPO in the UK this year was that of investment company BioPharma Credit Plc, which raised $762 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Deal volumes are also low because private equity exits, which powered the IPO markets in the last few years, have dried up, Sankey said. As the UK prepares for years of negotiations to strike a new deal with Europe and elections loom in the key economies of Germany and France, companies across the continent are using deal-making as a way to take their businesses forward. Across the whole of Europe, M&A this quarter rose to more than $230 billion, the highest first-quarter volume since 2007. The European Union on Friday released draft guidelines for Brexit talks to the bloc’s 27 other capitals. EU President Donald Tusk said negotiations over future commercial ties would not take place until “sufficient progress” was made resolving issues such as borders and budgets. May was also told any transitional period to ease the exit would require the UK paying money and accepting EU laws. “While the outcome of the Brexit negotiations is unclear, most companies are not putting their plans on hold due to political uncertainty,” said Martin Todd, a European equities portfolio manager for Hermes Investment Management. “Negotiations are likely to be protracted, and ultimately Brexit is less of a talking point than one might expect.” More from Markets Oil set for biggest weekly gain in 2017 Gold set for best quarter in a year Shares lock in bumper Q1 Rupee caps best Q1 since 1975 amid $12b inflow India joins International Energy Agency Dubai index recovers in last hour of trade Biggest money manager keeps faith on pound NBAD unveils first Green Bond in the Middle East tags from this storyBrexit follow this tag on MGNFrance follow this tag on MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessSectorsMarkets tagsBrexit follow this tag on MGN+ MGNFrance follow this tag on MGN+ MGNTheresa May follow this tag on MGN+ MGNUnited Kingdom follow this tag on MGN+ MGNGermany follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In MarketsOil set for biggest weekly gain in 2017 Business Gallery Pictures: Gitex Shopper Spring 2017 Manufacturing is order of the day Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Stock Look Up Search Latest share prices Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Fresh statements on oil may not impress traders 02UAE markets: Dubai falls while Abu Dhabi gains 03Gold seen soaring to $1,500 amid inflation fears Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 11Images Pink diamond worth millions shown in London Mar 21, 2017 6Images Manufacturing is order of the day Mar 28, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 Markets International Commodity Prices Error - No Data As on 2014-01-09 12:40:09 Most Popular on Gulf News Big discount on these brands in Dubai 3 women jailed for prostitution in spa More rain with cloud-seeding? 2017 UAE holidays New UAE fuel prices for April 2017 UAE visa on arrival for Indians with US visa When will rainy conditions end in UAE? This major UAE road to close for 20 days Meet the Dubai policeman who fined himself Close Recommended For You How Brexit is playing in Shakepeare’s hometown PUBLISHED ON Mar 31, 2017 Warning signs for UK after strong fourth quarterPUBLISHED ON Mar 31, 2017 Gitex: Buy an HP laptop and save Dh897PUBLISHED ON Apr 01, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017 - 03/31/2017 - Lambert Strether Why Has Italy’s Banking Crisis Gone Off the Radar? - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/30/17 - 03/31/2017 - Lambert Strether Inequality in the US: A Tale of Two Countries - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Settling the Brexit Bill: 12 Negotiating Questions - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith Gaius Publius: Crossing the U.S. Border with Electronic Devices - 03/31/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/30/2017 - 03/30/2017 - Lambert Strether Inequality Update: Who Gains When Income Grows? - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith Links 3/30/17 - 03/30/2017 - Yves Smith Why Has Italy’s Banking Crisis Gone Off the Radar? Posted on March 31, 2017 by Yves Smith By Don Quijones of Spain & Mexico, editor at Wolf Street. Originally published at Wolf Street For a country that is on the brink of a gargantuan public bailout of its toxic-loan riddled banking sector, or failing that, a full-blown financial crisis that could bring down the European financial system, things are eerily quiet in Italy these days. It’s almost as if the more serious the crisis gets, the less we hear about it — otherwise, investors and voters might get spooked. And elections are coming up. But an article published in the financial section of Italian daily Il Sole lays out just how serious the situation has become. According to new research by Italian investment bank Mediobanca, 114 of the close to 500 banks in Italy have “Texas Ratios” of over 100%. The Texas Ratio, or TR, is calculated by dividing the total value of a bank’s non-performing loans by its tangible book value plus reserves — or as American money manager Steve Eisman put it, “all the bad stuff divided by the money you have to pay for all the bad stuff.” If the TR is over 100%, the bank doesn’t have enough money “pay for all the bad stuff.” Hence, banks tend to fail when the ratio surpasses 100%. In Italy there are 114 of them. Of them, 24 have ratios of over 200%. Granted, many of the banks in question are small local or regional savings banks with tens or hundreds of millions of euros in assets. These are not systemically important institutions and can be resolved without causing disturbances to the broader system. But the list also includes many of Italy’s biggest banks which certainly are systemically important to Italy, some of which have Texas Ratios of over 200%. Top of the list, predictably, is Monte dei Paschi di Siena, with €169 billion in assets and a TR of 269%. Next up is Veneto Banca, with €33 billion in assets and a TR of 239%. This is the bank that, together with Banco Popolare di Vicenza (assets: €39 billion, TR: 210%), was supposed to have been saved last year by an intervention from government-sponsored, privately funded bank bailout fund Atlante, but which now urgently requires more public funds. Their combined assets place them seventh on the list of Italy’s largest banks. Some experts, including the U.S. bank hired last year to save MPS, JP Morgan Chase, have warned that Popolare di Vicenza and Veneto Banca will not be eligible for a bailout since they are not regarded as systemically important enough. This prompted investors to remove funds from the banks, further exacerbating their financial woes. According to sources in Rome, the two banks’ failure would send shock waves through the wider Italian financial industry. There are other major Italian banks with Texas Ratios well in excess of 100%. They include: Banco Popolare (the offspring of a merger of Banco Popolare di Verona e Novara and Banca Popolare Italiana in 2017 and then a subsequent merger with Banca Popolare di Milano on 1 January 2017): €120 billion in assets; TR: 217%. UBI Banca: €117 billion in assets; TR: 117% Banca Nazionale del Lavoro: €77 billion in assets; TR: 113% Banco Popolare Dell’ Emilia Romagna: €61 billion in assets; TR: 140% Banca Carige: €30 billion in assets; TR: 165% Unipol Banca: €11 billion in assets; TR: 380% In sum, almost all of Italy’s largest banking groups, with the exception of Unicredit, Intesa Sao Paolo and Mediobanca itself, have Texas Ratios well in excess of 100%. But, as Eisman recently pointed out, the two largest banks, Unicredit and Intesa Sanpaolo, have TRs of over 90%. As long as the other banks continue to languish in their current zombified state, they will continue to drag down the two bigger banks. And if either Unicredit or Intesa begin to wobble, the bets are off. To stay on the right side of the solvency threshold, Unicredit has already had to raise €13 billion of new capital this year and last week it took advantage of the ECB’s latest splurge of charitable lending (formally known as TLTRO II) to borrow €24 billion of free money. But as long as the financial health of the banks all around it continues to deteriorate, staying upright is going to be a tough order. This is where things get complicated. In order to qualify for public assistance, banks must be solvent. Presumably, that would automatically disqualify any bank with a Texas Ratio of over 150%, which includes MPS, Banco Popolare, Popolare di Vicenza, Veneto Banca, Banca Carige and Unipol Banca. The bailout must also comply with current EU regulations including the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive of Jan 1, 2016, which specifically mandates that before public funds are injected into a bank, shareholders and creditors must be bailed in for a minimum amount of 8% of total liabilities, as famously happened in the rescue of Cyprus’ banking system in 2013. The Italian government knows that this approach could end up wiping out retail investors (otherwise known as voters) who were missold, in many cases fraudulently, subordinated bonds by cash-hungry banks in the wake of the last crisis, in turn wiping out the government’s votes. To avoid such an outcome, the government has proposed compensating those retail bondholders with public funds, just as the Spanish government did with the holders of preferente bonds. Which, of course, is in direct contravention of EU laws. So far, the European Commission has stayed silent on the issue, presumably in the hope that the resolution of Italy’s financial sector can be held off until at least after the French elections in late April, if not the German elections in September. Then, if those elections go Brussels’ way, a continent-wide taxpayer funded bailout of banks’ NPLs can be unleashed, as already requested by ECB Vice President Vitor Constancio and European Banking Authority President Andrea Enria. With no guarantee that Italy’s NPL-infested banks can hold out that long, it’s a dangerous waiting-and-hoping game. In the meantime, shhhhhhhh… 001800 This entry was posted in Banana republic, Banking industry, Doomsday scenarios, Europe, Guest Post, Politics, Regulations and regulators on March 31, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Links 3/30/17 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017 → Subscribe to Post Comments 20 comments jsn March 31, 2017 at 10:05 am Texas Ratio! I love it, hadn’t heard that before. Natural outgrowth of the S&L bubble I figure. What better state (my home state that I love/hate) to name a Bullshit to Bona Fide ratio for! Reply ↓ craazyman March 31, 2017 at 5:49 pm I wanna tell you about Texas Ratios and he Big Cheat It comes out of the Italian swamps cool and slow without any precision like a fettuncini marinara recipe that’s hard to master Some call it heavenly in its brilliance others mean and rueful of the Prussian dream Don’t you love the friends gathered together for this Italian graft They have schemed up pyramids in honor of their escaping This is the land where the euro died. (Haygood knows what we’re talkin about . . . ) Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money March 31, 2017 at 10:44 pm Seems no one else spotted, or can be bothered to comment on your allusion to The Doors and The Wasp. I for one, cannot let it pass. Reminds me that I used to to think it was: Cows piss down my window like the waves down on the beach. Happy mondegreens! Reply ↓ Dr Duh March 31, 2017 at 11:09 am Great article. A couple questions 1. What is the overall Texas Ratio for the Italian banking system? 2. What is the mechanism connecting a ‘bad’ Texas Ratio to failure in this case? Are they funding long term liabilities with short term borrowing like Lehman and hence are at risk of being locked out of the market? 3. How interconnected are the Italian banks? Is there potential for a domino effect? What would be the mechanism, loss of confidence or actual counterparty risk? Reply ↓ craazyman March 31, 2017 at 11:41 am What radar? Italy’s last radar stations shut down for lack of money in 2013 and all the operators who could leave the country left for science jobs in Uganda and Brazil. There is no radar in Italy. Germany has radar but it only picks up signals from NATO or Brussels. Italy’s scientific minds are busy with financial theory, in New Yawk. I’ve seen a few of them. Pretty smart dudes! And women! They like stochastic volatility and Wishart distributions but God Forbid you put them in front of a radar machine. They wouldn’t know a bird from the Luftwaffe (haha sorry that was a long time ago). What radar? Radar is so 20th century! Today we have Twitter and Facebook if you wanna stare at a glass screen and hear beeps. I think there’s a Wikipedia page for radar but it’s rusting. They use radar on boats and ships though. Maybe one of Italy’s banks will go floating by on the ocean of liquidity from the ECB. Then it might show up on a radar someplace out near the Azores. Too bad you’ll lose money no matter how you try to trade it. Or at least I would! That’s for sure. Reply ↓ DJG March 31, 2017 at 11:57 am A couple of reasons come to mind, but I may be too anecdotal: When I was in Italy three weeks back, some friends of mine (and my friends are all pretty much red) mentioned that parties on the left had looted Monte dei Paschi di Siena. So the Partito Democratico, the successor party, is going to end up with a scandal (or with even more scandal). A second idea crossed my mind: For many years, the Italians were the champion savers of Europe. (They were nearly as good at savings as the Japanese.) So these banks are filled with Italians’ savings accounts and their retirement nest eggs. Weirdly, the Italian regulators may have some idea that the Italians and their savings habits can shift the balance. What’s more likely, though, and what’s worse is that once these banks start failing in series, you will see Italian families wiped out financially. The social devastation will bring down the government and may even bring down most of the political parties. The irony would be that the newer Movimento Cinque Stelle is less implicated (not that they have a plan either). Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 31, 2017 at 12:40 pm Thanks for this. I follow Bloomberg on Twitter and this came across the wire a day of so ago: Italy Finance Minister Says Banking Problems ‘Solved’ Needless to say, raised eyebrows by yours truly given previous material posted here. Just gave a first listen to it, and nothing he (Padoan) says suggests the dire straits outlined in the NC post. I’ll follow up later, but perhaps a shorter version of his answers to the interviewer here would have been “Shhhhhhhhh …” Reply ↓ JustAnObserver March 31, 2017 at 1:46 pm All we need now is for some Italian financial official to utter the Words Of Doom: “The Fundamentals of the Economy are Sound”. (H/T J.K. Galbraith (I think)) Reply ↓ dontknowitall March 31, 2017 at 2:10 pm Maybe they are expecting a mysterious cash drop like it happened a number of years ago when two Japanese men were arrested at the Italian-Swiss border at Chiasso with fat briefcases carrying $134 billion in US bearer bonds. Of course since it was undeclared money the Italian State got to keep 50%. Now, since the Italian finance minister thinks the banking problems are resolved I imagine there must be a whole bus of Japanese moneymen on their way to Chiasso… https://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Italian_border_guards_seize_$134_billion_in_U.S._bonds_at_Swiss_border Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 31, 2017 at 7:33 pm Hahahah! That is too funny – regardless of whether the bonds were real or not. Maybe the Italians are following the Wu Tang Financial paradigm … ;-) Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU March 31, 2017 at 7:31 pm Ha! Yes, it was JKG. And for sure, the Words of Doom will be uttered just before … well, Doom. Reply ↓ John March 31, 2017 at 9:12 pm Well isn’t that what most Keynesians think? That the fundamentals are relatively sound, the only problem is a financial crisis caused by asset bubbles? And that if we just increase the deficit (update the nation’s infrastructure), things will be fine? The reality is that it wasn’t just a financial crisis that caused the post 2008 recession. The real economy is not in good shape, nor has been since the 1970’s. The industrialization of Europe and Japan, followed by China and India, has caused a crisis of overproduction/under-utilization of capacity that has eaten away profit rates in manufacturing firms around the globe (even with the abundant supply of labor available from the ease of outsourcing). The only growth we’ve had since then has been from asset bubbles (Japanese real estate in the 80’s, the US stock market in the 90’s, US real estate in the 00’s, EU bubbles in the 00’s, etc.). Fiscal stimulus can temporarily ease the burden by increasing demand, and monetary stimulus can temporarily reflate the asset bubbles, but there’s no light at the end of the tunnel. (Not to mention that US federal deficit spending just boosts Chinese manufacturing sector and pollutes the planet more than anything else.) Earth has a finite amount of space and resources, and the mathematics of compound interest mean that growth rates will have to be low from here on out (there’s no way the global economy will double by 2060 and then double again by 2100; not even the Chinese and Indian booms together could get us growing like that, nor do I think Africa alone could, either). That’s something that fixing up a few dilapidated subway stations won’t change–eventually, the gains will slow as we’ll run out of infrastructure to repair. The reality is the urbanization and industrialization are the lifeblood of capitalism, and without those two processes happening on a major scale, growth is low (just as it was during the 17th century). The only thing that will get us growing again is a major world war that blows up buildings and infrastructure everywhere, just like World War II did. Reply ↓ BillC March 31, 2017 at 1:02 pm The article does not emphasize the factor that should (but surely will not) mitigate the extent to which the EU requires bail-ins by depositors and retail bondholders: the Italian banks’ problem is non-performing loans substantially attributable to the austerity imposed by the EU’s [non]growth and [non]stability pact. (Of course there’s also the factor of bank managers’ favoritism to political allies and back-scratching among the local elites. While that’s a key factor with MPS and some of the four already-partially-rescued smaller regional banks, it’s not the main cause of the Italian banking crisis). Why should this be significant? Because some Italian political party (5 Stelle? Fratelli d’Italia? Lega Nord?) may be able to clearly and simply enunciate the case that (1) EU austerity is the direct result of other nations’ (Spain, UK, Germany, US, …) banks’ irresponsible speculation in derivatives and the like but (2) Italian banks did not participate in that speculative orgy; they were just fulfilling their proper mission of financing local, regional, and national enterprises and (3) much of the Italian middle class will be ruined by EU-required bail-ins. If the voting public understands this causal chain, I think Italians’ conservative tendency to thus far stick with the EU and the Euro no matter what might be reversed overnight — and high time, too. Reply ↓ sunny129 March 31, 2017 at 4:03 pm What’s Shhhhhhhhh? They have successfully masked the Banking problems under various CREATIVE accounting with final paint job of Extend & Pretend’ No one challenged and the investors have accepted without any skepticism. Besides, they believe in the PUT by Draghi! Reply ↓ Gman March 31, 2017 at 6:02 pm Italy as a country, 8th richest in global terms I believe, ain’t poor, so somewhere along the line as ever, both within and without, as elsewhere in the EZ and the rest of the world, some are making hay out this debt crisis and have an interest in perpetuating it, whilst the blameless are yet again forced to endure its bitter consequences. Reply ↓ TheCatSaid March 31, 2017 at 7:35 pm I wonder how Italy would fare if they left the Euro, compared to the problems discussed here in the case of Greece. Specifically, how easily could Italy be self-sufficient in food at medicines? I suspect Italy would be in a stronger position to weather any such storm, and they would have even more tourism Euro revenue in a transition period. (Assuming a messy transition period during which the conventional payment systems would be in disarray.) Reply ↓ John March 31, 2017 at 9:19 pm I’ve seen Yves and NC writers argue a few times that Italy is the euro country best suited to ditch the euro. I think it’d be France though; their economy has always been more national and independent than the rest of Europe, which is why in the early years of the crisis, things weren’t nearly as bad there as they were in the PIIGS. Whichever country decides to do so will end up facing economic ruin as the powers that be will make sure to punish it as much as possible (just as they’ll do to the UK with the trade agreements) to make an example of it. Currency speculators will destroy the value of the new currency. And there are all of the crazy logistical and IT challenges that have been well-documented here as well. Of course the most interesting scenario, by far, is Germany leaving the euro. But I can’t ever seeing them be the first to do so, as they benefit too much from it. Reply ↓ H. Alexander Ivey March 31, 2017 at 10:05 pm Germany leaving the euro. But I can’t ever seeing them be the first to do so, as they benefit too much from it That might have been Cameron’s thought about Brexit. How well did that work out? Reply ↓ John March 31, 2017 at 8:29 pm I think that the EU and Italy will come to some sort of compromise on the bail-in law, or they will organize some sort of private sector rescue. And if not, I don’t think Italians are quite ready to ditch the euro, even if a lot of folks lose money on the bail-in. Also, Beppe Grillo is not allowed to run for public office because of that manslaughter charge. We’ll see more of the status quo, at least for a few more years. Reply ↓ RBHoughton March 31, 2017 at 10:03 pm “…. the more serious the crisis gets, the less we hear about it” Isn’t that always the case with our ‘keep it under your hat’ media – information is money. For the money reporter its “What am I bid for an early chance to avoid loss?” For the politician hoping for a trouble-free life its “Don’t excite the natives you know how irritable they can get!” Don Quijones, Wolf Street and Naked Capitalism have done us all a great favor yet again. The level of money inflation is accelerating everywhere. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Skip Intro on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017There are 2 kinds of people in the... UserFriendly on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017Either DM me on Twitter or get my... UserFriendly on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/31/2017Well, the comments and the number of upvotes... Si on Settling the Brexit Bill: 12 Negotiating QuestionsYet another argument which sets out a proposition,... different clue on 2:00PM Water Cooler 3/30/2017What bridge is that? Bill Clinton's bridge to... Topics Africa (17) Australia (126) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,007) Banking industry (4,643) Brexit (47) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (248) China (564) Commodities (455) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,623) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (687) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,460) Dubious statistics (575) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,758) Energy markets (504) Environment (452) Europe (619) Federal Reserve (1,266) Free markets and their discontents (1,406) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (321) Globalization (1,095) Guest Post (6,458) Health care (389) Hedge funds (416) Income disparity (952) India (15) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (744) Investment management (496) Investment outlook (850) Japan (204) Legal (1,882) Links (3,039) Macroeconomic policy (971) Market inefficiencies (229) Media appearances (74) Media watch (864) Middle East (141) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (47) Permaculture (31) Politics (5,010) Private equity (510) Privatization (66) Real estate (1,522) Regulations and regulators (3,578) Ridiculously obvious scams (437) Risk and risk management (717) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,014) Social values (1,788) Species loss (52) Student loans (51) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (384) Technology and innovation (450) The destruction of the middle class (1,338) The dismal science (1,457) TPP (83) UK (113) Water Cooler (644) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure PRO Already a Pro? Why Go Pro? Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us White House ponders reorganization after health care debacle Bannon earned more than half a million dollars from entities tied to GOP donors How a telecom-tech alliance wiped out FCC's privacy rules Liberals taste victory no matter Gorsuch outcome 2 journalists sue Trump over 'kill list' Chaffetz: ‘Very mysterious’ why Flynn suddenly wants immunity Politico Morning Money Political intelligence on the intersection of Washington and Wall Street Get the Morning Money Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Inching toward deregulation By Victoria Guida and Aubree Eliza Weaver 03/31/17 08:01 AM EDT INCHING TOWARD DEREGULATION — Federal Reserve Gov. Daniel Tarullo, the country’s most powerful banking regulator, will have his last day at the central bank on April 5. The departure of the Fed’s regulatory czar with no potential replacement yet announced underscores how little is likely to be done on rolling back financial rules this year. That’s not what many bankers hoped when Donald Trump was elected president. MM has heard that the Trump administration is still soliciting new names to become Tarullo’s successor as the Fed’s chief banking regulator, a post he used to push strict capital requirements and other rules on banks. Meanwhile, on the legislative front, Senate Banking Committee Chairman Mike Crapo said Thursday his two top priorities — housing finance reform and financial deregulation — will have to wait for a tax-system overhaul to be resolved first. That will push it toward the end of this year or into 2018, he said. Story Continued Below To be sure, SEC chair nominee Jay Clayton is slowly making his way through the Senate, with a Banking Committee vote scheduled for Tuesday. But more openings will continue to crop up; Comptroller Tom Curry’s term ends next weekend. He could remain in that slot indefinitely until a replacement is picked, but the Treasury secretary could also move to replace him on an acting basis with a career official at the OCC. Regardless, there are many to-do items for an administration that has more pressing things on its mind. At the very least, the administration has achieved one thing that has pleased financial companies for the time being: turning off the spigot of new regulations. BANKING ON CHANGES — When it comes to changing regulations, the American Bankers Association has some ideas. ABA President Rob Nichols submitted a paper to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Thursday, asking him to focus on “excessively complex” liquidity regulations as part of his review of the nation's financial rules. Nichols said the group intends to send more white papers, on topics including capital and housing and mortgage finance. Mnuchin's report on financial regulation is due in June. Read the liquidity paper here. KAPPING OFF THE DISCUSSION — Meanwhile, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan on Thursday said it’s healthy to do a “thoughtful re-review of where the pendulum has swung” on financial regulation, but argued that capital standards aren’t sufficient to judge the safety and soundness of the largest banks. “You need aggressive and tough stress testing, and it needs to be done regularly,” he said at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce’s Capital Markets Summit. Without stress testing, it’s possible for a bank to overestimate how far its capital will go during adverse economic situations, he said. HAPPY FRIDAY — Thanks for hanging with me this week; it was a lot of fun. Ben White will be back in your inboxes on Monday.Email him at bwhite@politico.com and follow him on Twitter @morningmoneyben. Email Aubree Eliza at aweaver@politico.com and follow her on Twitter @AubreeEWeaver. Any tips about financial regulation? Feel free to send them to me at vguida@politico.com. THIS MORNING ON POLITICO PRO FINANCIAL SERVICES — Patrick Temple-West on the timing of big Senate banking bills — and to get Morning Money every day before 6 a.m. — please contact Pro Services at (703) 341-4600 info@politicopro.com PARLAY WITH CORDRAY — Richard Cordray, head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, will testify before the House Financial Services Committee next Wednesday, where MM is guessing he won’t receive the warmest of welcomes from Chairman Jeb Hensarling, one of his severest critics. Stock up on the popcorn. HERE’S THE STORY OF A MAN NAMED BRADY — POLITICO’s Colin Wilhelm: House Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady (R-Texas) is adding some wiggle room on whether he’d be open to eliminating from his tax plan a deduction on the interest that companies pay on loans and bonds. Similar to his statements earlier this week on the controversial border adjustment tax, Brady said he would be open to potential modifications, like a transition period, to his proposed elimination of the deduction that the commercial real estate and private equity sectors use frequently. “The net interest deduction proposal is a major change in our tax code,” Brady told POLITICO. Elimination of the corporate net interest deduction correlates to a different provision within Brady’s blueprint that would allow firms to immediately expense large purchases; the Tax Foundation estimates that elimination of interest deduction would offset $1.2 trillion over the next 10 years. “Moving to a simpler cash flow system based on consumption in the U.S. helps vault us into the lead economically, from a tax standpoint around the world, but it is a big change,” Brady said. “It affects different industries differently. So, knowing that moving tax preference from the source of funds, borrowing, to the use of funds, buildings, equipment, software, and technology, those really main street job growth drivers, has impacts. And so we anticipate modifications and clarifications related to existing debt that are on the books today.” FLASH BACK — To when St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard called elimination of the corporate net interest deduction, “the number one thing you can do to provide financial stability going forward.” ALSO ‘INTEREST’ING — Brady said the treatment of carried interest, a method of compensation for money managers that is currently taxed at the capital gains rate, was under discussion with the Trump economic team. Trump campaigned on taxing carried interest as income. “No decision yet,” Brady said. TRUMP SAGS IN POLLS, EXCEPT WHEN IT COMES TO THE ECONOMY — AP’s Laurie Kellman and Emily Swanson: “Most Americans disapprove of Donald Trump's overall performance two months into his presidency. But they're more upbeat about at least one critical area: his handling of the economy. “Nearly 6 in 10 Americans disapprove of Trump's overall performance, and about the same percentage say the country is headed in the wrong direction, according to a new poll by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. It was conducted amid the collapse of the GOP's health care overhaul. But the poll also found a brighter spot for the businessman-politician on the economy, often a major driver of presidential success or failure. There, Americans split about evenly, with 50 percent approving and 48 percent disapproving of Trump's efforts.” Read more. ** A message from US Chamber Center for Capital Markets: The Chamber’s Center for Capital Markets believes a variety of supportive financial services are crucial in taking a company from an idea to a success story and everything in between. Watch this video to see how a healthy, robust financial services industry helps businesses of all shapes and sizes soar. ** MANUFACTURERS WALKING ON SUNSHINE — More optimism on the Trump economy: National Association of Manufacturers President Jay Timmons will meet today with the president, along with a dozen executives from small and medium-sized companies. NAM released its Outlook survey before the meeting. From the group: “New results from the NAM Manufacturers’ Outlook survey show manufacturers’ optimism rose to a new all-time high in the survey’s nearly 20-year history. In this latest NAM Manufacturers’ Outlook survey, 93.3 percent of manufacturers are either somewhat or very positive about their own company’s outlook, up from 56.6 percent one year ago and 77.8 percent in December.” Find the survey here. LOOKING FOR A NEW HOME — POLITICO Europe’s Bjarke Smith Meyer: “Luxembourg has launched a formal bid to host the European Banking Authority, which will be forced to leave London once Britain exits the EU. The Grand Duchy's Prime Minister Xavier Bettel made the plea in a letter to the presidents of the European Commission and the Council of the EU, touting his country's role as an international financial center. “A Commission spokesperson told POLITICO that it had received Bettel's letter, but noted that ‘with this, we have requests from 27 member states to host the EBA.’” JPMORGAN HAS ITS EYES ON DUBLIN SITE — Financial Times’ Laura Noonan: “JPMorgan is in talks to buy a new building in Dublin, but has told London staff it will not ‘rush into any decisions’ on how it will adjust its operations after Brexit. Bloomberg reported that the US bank was in talks to buy a 130,000 sq ft office in the centre of the Irish capital that could accommodate about 1,000 people. The bank declined to comment. “The news comes as international banks scour Europe for new bases in the aftermath of the UK’s decision to quit the EU, which is likely to force banks to pull some business out of London. JPMorgan’s investment bank head Daniel Pinto and wealth management boss Mary Erdoes told staff on Wednesday that the bank was still assessing its options for life after Brexit.” Read more. ALSO FOR YOUR RADAR — Q4 GDP GROWTH NUMBERS LESS BAD — Reuters’ Lucia Mutikani:“U.S. economic growth slowed less than previously reported in the fourth quarter as robust consumer spending provided a boost that was partially offset by the largest gain in imports in two years. Gross domestic product increased at a 2.1 percent annualized rate instead of the previously reported 1.9 percent pace, the Commerce Department said on Thursday in its third GDP estimate for the period. “The economy grew at a 3.5 percent rate in the third quarter. Despite the upward revision to the fourth quarter, the economy grew only 1.6 percent for all of 2016, its worst performance since 2011, after expanding 2.6 percent in 2015.” Read more. SOME MAJOR COMPANIES ARE PUSHING BACK AGAINST TRUMP — CNBC’s Jacob Pramuk: “When General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt criticized President Donald Trump's climate policy on Wednesday, he made his industrial behemoth the latest American company to push back on the young administration. “While many American executives hope for a better operating environment during Trump's presidency, largely based on proposed corporate tax cuts or planned regulatory easing, their optimism has not stopped them from pushing back against the White House. Some companies are taking chances to rebut the president, even though the threat of a very public Twitter attack from Trump always looms.” Read more. HOW WELLS FARGO AVOIDED A CRISIS — The Washington Post’s Renae Merle: “When Wells Fargo recently agreed to pay $110 million to settle a class-action lawsuit related to the creation of millions of sham accounts, the bank’s chief executive, Tim Sloan, called it another step toward making ‘things right with customers.’ “The settlement also achieved something just as important for the San Francisco bank: It kept out of court for now a high-stakes battle over whether companies should be able to require customers to resolve their disputes through private arbitration rather than by filing a lawsuit. Tucked into the fine print of millions of agreements covering consumers’ bank accounts, credit cards, payday and auto loans is language that prevents consumers from filing class-action lawsuits or taking other steps to seek relief from a company they believe has wronged them. Instead, they must submit to private arbitration in which the complaint is resolved by a third party. Such arbitration clauses have become a standard business practice for many companies, including Wells Fargo, but have drawn criticism for favoring companies over consumers.” Read more. WHEN IT COMES TO SALES TAXES, STATES MAY TARGET AMAZON NEXT — WSJ’s Laura Stevens: “After spending years fighting Amazon.com Inc. to force it to collect sales taxes, U.S. states are turning their attention to the individuals and small companies that account for a growing share of the online marketplace’s sales. Starting April 1, the Seattle-based giant will expand its sales-tax collection to all 45 states that tax sales. But most third-party sellers remain elusive, giving them a pricing advantage — about 10% in some cases — over local brick-and-mortar retailers and products sold directly by Amazon. “States such as New York and Wyoming are cracking down on a practice that leads them to miss out on billions of dollars in revenues. At least six other states are considering new measures this year that aim to force marketplaces such as Amazon and eBay Inc. to collect sales taxes on behalf of those selling merchandise on their sites or to force sellers to report sales, according to the National Association of State Budget Officers.” Read more. COULD AUSTRALIA BE ONTO SOMETHING? — Bloomberg’s Michael Heath: “Australia is close to seizing the global crown for the longest streak of economic growth thanks to a mixture of policy guile and outrageous fortune. But the nation is creaking under the weight of its own success. “While growth is being underpinned by population gains and resource exports to China, failure to spur productivity has meant stagnant living standards and electoral discontent; a property bubble fueled by record-low interest rates has driven household debt to levels that threaten financial stability; and a timid government facing political gridlock could lose the nation’s prized AAA rating as early as May because of spiraling budget deficits.” Read more. ** A message from US Chamber Center for Capital Markets: How do small businesses feel about their future? CCMC’s new financial services survey shows small business leaders are optimistic and are operating with a newfound confidence that pro-growth policies will emerge. Read the full survey results here. CCMC’s action plan for the new administration and Congress, called “Restarting the Growth Engine: A Plan to Reform America’s Capital Markets,” provides more than 100 recommendations for reforming the regulatory system. View them here. ** « View Archives CORRECTION: An earlier version of this alert misstated when CFPB Director Richard Cordray will testify before the House Financial Services Committee. He is scheduled for Wednesday. Authors: Victoria Guida vguida@politico.com @vtg2 Aubree Eliza Weaver aweaver@politico.com @AubreeEWeaver About The Author Victoria Guida is a financial services reporter covering banking regulations for POLITICO Pro. She comes fresh off covering international trade for nearly four years, most recently for Pro and previously for Inside U.S. Trade. A Dallas native, she graduated from the University of Missouri with a double major in journalism and political science. After college, she worked a stint as a business reporter for the Charlotte Observer before heading to Washington. About The Author Aubree Eliza Weaver is a Web producer for POLITICO Pro. She graduated from Le Moyne College in her hometown of Syracuse, N.Y., where she was the editor-in-chief of her school’s newspaper, The Dolphin; co-hosted a political segment on the school’s news station, LCTV; and worked as a photography assistant in the Visual Arts department. As a student, Weaver interned with various communications organizations, including the publicity department of Regnery Publishing and serving as a news broadcast intern at Time Warner Cable’s Syracuse affiliate, YNN. Immediately following her graduation in May 2013, Weaver moved to D.C. to work as a summer program adviser for The Fund for American Studies’ Institute on Political Journalism, an educational nonprofit that offers courses, internships, lecture series and other opportunities for college students and recent grads. She was a student in the program in the summer of 2011, when she first fell in love with D.C. In her free time, Weaver loves to read and write (as all journalists do), play guitar until her fingers are numb, drink more coffee than she’d care to admit, and spend time with her family. Most Read FBI releases never-before-seen photos from 9/11 Pentagon attack The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics Chaffetz: ‘Very mysterious’ why Flynn suddenly wants immunity Democrats aim to take out Cruz in 2018 Democrats in Trump territory in no mood to deal Schiff slams White House after reviewing controversial intelligence No Obamacare cease-fire in red states Liberals taste victory no matter Gorsuch outcome Trump: Flynn should seek immunity in Russia probe ‘witch hunt’ Trump suffers month of rough polling Morning Money - POLITICO Archive Friday, 3/31/17 Thursday, 3/30/17 Wednesday, 3/29/17 Tuesday, 3/28/17 Monday, 3/27/17 View the Full Morning Money Archives » Politico Magazine Palestine’s Man in Washington By Neri Zilber The Syrian Rebel Who Tried to Build an Islamist Paradise By Aron Lund When America Toes Moscow’s Line By Mikheil Saakashvili Something Is Rotten in the State of Minnesota By Taylor Gee More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CONTRACTED This obscure US discrimination watchdog has protected workers since the civil-rights era. Can it survive Trump? Written by Oliver Staley March 31, 2017 Bureaucracy at work (Hulton Archive/Getty Images) Share Written by Oliver Staley March 31, 2017 How much does it pay to be close to Donald Trump? Peter Thiel may soon find out. Data analysis firm Palantir Technologies, which was co-founded by venture capitalist Thiel, became one of the sexiest startups in Silicon Valley when it was revealed its software played a role in tracking down Osama bin Laden before the raid that led to his death. Thanks to its lucrative data-mining business, Palantir’s valuation reached $20 billion in 2015. While other tech firms have an uneasy relationship with the federal government, Palantir embraced it, becoming a contractor for the defense department and a host of national security agencies. It was funded in part with capital from the Central Intelligence Agency. That somewhat cozy relationship was tested last year when Palantir was sued by the federal government for discriminating in hiring. Palantir is the latest high-profile Silicon Valley company to run afoul of a little-known watchdog agency dating from the civil-rights era to ensure companies that do business with the government don’t discriminate, and whose mandate was beefed up by the Obama administration. “The idea is that to be a contractor is a privilege, not a right”   Now, under president Trump, the Office of Federal Contract Compliance—one of the government’s more effective tools for promoting workplace equality—could be defanged, or even shut down altogether. Obama’s weapon against pay discrimination The OFCCP got its start under US president Lyndon Johnson in 1965, as a legacy of the Civil Rights Act. Under Executive Order 11246, the Department of Labor was charged for the first time with enforcing the special obligations of federal contractors to hire minorities, using the power of the government to dismantle the legacy of segregation. The agency polices more than 130,000 companies that receive money from the US federal government, as well as their subcontractors, which do everything from build battle ships to design websites. This is no small thing. The contractors received $471 billion from the government in 2016 alone. Like other federal agencies, the OFCCP reflects the philosophies and priorities of the president. Under the last Republican president, George W. Bush, the agency adopted business-friendly policies that provided contractors with the standards it would use to enforce its pay discrimination rules. Pamela Coukos, a former program advisor at the OFCCP under former president Barack Obama, compared the Bush approach to giving someone the answers to a test. It was Obama who saw the 50-year-old agency’s potential as he made closing the gender pay gap—which, by some measures, has barely changed since 1990—a priority of his administration. “There was a White House task force, and Obama pointed to the OFCCP, and said ‘You are in a unique position for getting access to employment data, and why are you not fixing this problem?’” Michelle Duncan, a former Labor Department lawyer who worked closely with the enforcement agency, tells Quartz. Under Obama, the previously sleepy OFCCP aggressively pursued cases where it found evidence of hiring and pay discrimination, particularly among women and make history in other areas, too, particularly with his 2014 executive order that expanded workplace protections to include gay, lesbian, and transgender employees. Employers in finance and technology became particular areas of focus for enforcement, according to a Labor Department budget document. Along with the Palantir suit, other recent actions included: Suing JPMorgan Chase over discrimination against women in pay. The office alleges the bank paid at least 93 women less than men in the same position. Suing Google for not providing employment data as part of an OFCCP audit of its hiring practices. Suing Oracle for paying white, male workers more than women or minority men. The suit also alleges it favors Asian Americans in hiring. Settling a case against Hewlett-Packard for $750,000 in back pay and interest, after allegations it discriminated against blacks, Hispanics and Asians in hiring. Settling a case over alleged sexual discrimination with General Electric, after 102 women were denied entry-level positions at a lighting factory in Ohio. The OFCCP updated its rules against gender bias for the first time since 1970, making explicit prohibitions against sexually hostile work environments and barring discrimination based on pregnancy or not conforming to gender stereotypes. The office also set hiring targets for veterans and disabled employees, and barred contractors from prohibiting their workers from discussing their pay. “The idea is that to be a contractor is a privilege, not a right,” said David Cohen, president of DCI Consulting, which works with companies under OFCCP audits. Contractors are required to maintain affirmative action plans for hiring women, minorities and veterans, and make efforts to fill them. In 2013, the OFCCP embraced an even more aggressive method of rooting out discrimination that relied on statistical analysis. Its numbers-based method produced some surprising results, such as discrimination against white and male applicants. In a complex settlement with Tyson Foods at six locations in Texas, New Mexico, and Arkansas, the company agreed to pay $1.6 million to resolve allegations it discriminated against a wide swath of applicants, including more than 2,000 white men and women. Contractors balked at the Obama’s approach, and were more likely to contest the OFCCP’s findings. That led to more cases tangled in litigation and, ultimately, fewer wages recovered than under the previous administration. And it hasn’t helped its popularity. “It’s a widely disliked and widely despised agency,” a former senior OFCCP official told the Cleveland Plain Dealer. “It’s kind of like the IRS.” Companies targeted by the agency felt it was over reaching. “The OFCCP was getting up the plate, instead of hitting singles, it wanted to hit grand slams every time at bat,” Cohen said. “It just didn’t work.” The OFCCP’s new, data-based direction gave it authority to proceed regardless of any mediating circumstances. Even if employees didn’t think they were being underpaid, the agency would pursue cases if the numbers pointed the way. That new statistical focus helped lead the OFCCP to Palantir. The Thiel case The agency alleges Palantir systematically discriminated against Asian-American applicants from 2010 through 2016, an unusual claim in Silicon Valley, where Asians are typically well represented. By using statistical modeling, the government tries to show Palantir’s pattern of hiring non-Asians couldn’t be explained by chance. In one hiring round for software engineers, for example, Palantir received 1,160 “qualified applications,” of which 85% percent were Asian, the government said in its suit. Palantir hired 11 Asians and 14 non-Asians, a mix the government said had a one in 3.4 million chance of happening at random. In its response, Palantir called the Labor Department’s analysis “flawed and illogical,” and said government considered only three out of 44 job categories the company was filling. It also noted that two of the four executives on Palantir’s senior leadership team are Asian. (Palantir provided Quartz with its response to the government’s litigation but would not comment on the suit.) The stakes are particularly high for Palantir, because of its dependence on federal contracts. Last year, the company was awarded federal contracts worth $132 million, mostly from the Department of Defense. The company doesn’t release its revenues, but according to Buzzfeed, it recorded $420 million in 2015. If the company is found to be in violation, it could face the cancellation of its contracts and be barred from future government work. The Palantir case is now complicated by Trump’s relationship with Thiel, who remains the company’s chairman. Thiel is one of the few Silicon Valley figures who supported Trump as a candidate, spoke at the Republican Party convention, and he served on the executive committee of the transition. He’s now an unofficial White House advisor. (Thiel didn’t respond to a request for comment.) Trump has shown a willingness to personally intervene, and use the weight of the presidency to bully companies, such as with Carrier and Nordstrom. Stepping between a government agency and the company it’s suing, however, would be cronyism of another order of magnitude. “We are concerned that business tycoons will lean on Trump to intercede in government actions,” said Scott Amey, the general counsel for the Project on Government Oversight, a nonpartisan watchdog group. “We hope that the president avoids helping out his friends and will be true to his word to drain the swamp.” If Trump demands dramatic changes to how the agency operates, it would be consistent with the direction he’s taken the federal government thus far. His 2018 budget calls for a 21% cut in funding (pdf) for the Department of Labor, without specifying how much would be allocated to the OFCCP. It could be awhile before the fate of the Palantir case is known, too; the agency has been without a director since November and Alexander Acosta, Trump’s second pick to head the Labor Department, has yet to be confirmed. And the OFCCP is an easy target, an obscure agency that symbolizes the government’s regulatory sprawl loathed by conservatives. In congressional hearings, Republicans have blasted the agency for imposing de facto hiring quotas on businesses. The agency is run by “unelected bureaucrats that think they know better than us,” said Todd Rokita, a representative from Indiana. Could Trump do away with the agency altogether, attacking another institution beloved by liberals the way he tried with Obamacare and is trying with the National Endowment for the Arts? “You’d taking on the LGBT community, the disabled, veterans, women, and minorities,” Cohen said. “Politically, I don’t want to fight that fight.” Trump—who seems to relish political combat of all sorts—just might. Most Popular Set up a VPN in 10 minutes for free—and yes, Americans urgently need one, thanks to Congress Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Stream Realty/Neoscape Ross Avenue remake will bring acres of new retail to Dallas Filed under Real Estate at 21 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Steve Brown, Real Estate Editor Connect with Steve Brown On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now A redevelopment wave is marching up Ross Avenue. An army of construction workers is descending on the downtown street to transform the longtime office address into a booming boulevard of shops, restaurants, hotel rooms and residences. For decades one of Dallas' busiest thoroughfares, Ross Avenue won't just be about cars and office towers in a couple of years. Projects on the way are designed to make the street on the north side of downtown into more of a walkable retail destination. Ross Avenue was already an important traffic connector, said Kourtny Garrett, CEO of Downtown Dallas Inc. "You think about Ross Avenue and the extent that, as it runs, you connect all the way to Old East Dallas through the Arts District to the West End and eventually touching the Trinity River," Garrett said at a recent groundbreaking ceremony. "What we are seeing with these projects is they open up to the street and they pay attention to pedestrian traffic and ground-floor activation. "That's really changing the livability and activity we have downtown," she said. "Ross is envisioned to be a complete street." The biggest development in the works along Ross is the $135 million renovation and addition to the 50-story Trammell Crow Center tower. The 1980s skyscraper will get ground-floor retail and outdoor plaza areas where tenants and visitors can eat and lounge about. Across the street, owner JPMorgan Asset Management is building a high-rise that will house retail space, a parking garage and a 200-room hotel in the first phase. A 400-unit residential tower also is planned. The largest addition of retail space along Ross will be in the Crow Center development. "At full build-out, Trammell Crow Center and its adjacent mixed-use project will include 49,000 square feet of street-level retail space, which will constitute the highest concentration of retail Ross Avenue has ever seen," said Ramsey March of  Stream Realty Partners, which is overseeing the project. "Urban planners will tell you the most successful streetscapes feature retail on both sides of the street with continuous storefront and patio seating. "Those environments are actually rare in Dallas, and we believe it is sorely needed on Ross Avenue." Another Ross Avenue skyscraper, the 60-story Fountain Place tower at Ross and Field Street, is under construction with a parking garage and retail space. The project, the first major addition to the green glass 1980s tower, is being built between Fountain Place and the Fairmont Hotel. A couple of blocks away, owners of the Ross Tower office high-rise are ripping out the ground level of the building to add retail, pedestrian areas and new street access. "We are putting a two-lane drive court with canopy on the front to really give the building a new front door," said Hunter Lee of building manager HPI Commercial Real Estate. "We're doing a full-service Starbucks at the ground level with an outdoor patio. "There will be also be a Wi-Fi lounge at the street level," Lee said. All of the Ross Tower upgrades should be finished by the end of next month. The new owners of the Chase Tower at Ross and Pearl Street are just getting started. Fortis Property Group is revamping the plaza, entry and retail in front of the 55-story tower. The skyscraper will get a new restaurant space on the domed rotunda building on Ross. Developer Craig Hall, who's building the Hall Arts mixed-use project across from Chase Tower, said the street is becoming more people-friendly. "In many ways, it's the new Main Street of Dallas," Hall said. "There are a lot of improvements that are going to be made in the next five to 10 years." Those planned projects, including one Hall is working on, should make the area less of a 9-to-5 market. "I think it will be more residential and become more of a 24-hour city instead of a place people roll up the sidewalk at night," he said. Hall is working on plans for a combination hotel and condominium tower that will be built next to his KPMG Plaza office high-rise on Ross. "We have been diligently working on it," he said. "We are hopeful we will be coming out with an announcement in the next few months." Longtime Dallas retail real estate broker Jack Gosnell said a critical mass of new retail is coming to Ross. "There is great need in that area — people don't have anyplace to walk to for lunch," he said. But although restaurants dominate the Ross retail offerings on the way, Gosnell said more shops are needed, too. "All of these projects are insisting on being restaurants," he said. "We've tried to steer it toward retail, and it drives me crazy when that doesn't happen. "We have a tremendous young demographic group coming into downtown, and they don't have anywhere to shop." A parking garage and retail are under construction between the Fountain Place tower and Fairmont Hotel on Ross Avenue. (UCR/CBRE) Ross Avenue's Chase Tower is getting a new entry, plaza and retail space out front. Fortis Property Group Developer Craig Hall's planned Ross Avenue  condo and hotel tower will be next door to the developer's new KPMG Plaza office building. Contributed/Hall Financial Group Ross Tower is getting a new entry, retail and outdoor dining space. HPI Commercial View Comments Tags Real Estate Business Downtown Dallas Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Snap Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Set $27.67 Target Price for Merus NV (MRUS) Zacks: Brokerages Set $17.50 Price Target for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) Axa SA (AXAHY) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts Zacks: Rhino Resource Partners, L.P. (RHNO) Given $5.40 Average Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Medgenics Inc (GNMX) Given $7.10 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (GLMD) Snap Inc (SNAP) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Summit Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP) Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Philippe F. Courtot Sells 20,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Fmr LLC Increases Stake in Intralinks Holdings Inc (IL) Fmr LLC Lowers Stake in Dean Foods Co (DF) Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Federated Investors Inc. PA Lowers Position in Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Newfield Exploration Co. (NFX) Shares Sold by Federated Investors Inc. PA Federated Investors Inc. PA Purchases New Stake in Hanmi Financial Corp (HAFC) Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd (OR) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research BATM Advanced Communications Ltd (BVC) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by FinnCap Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Physicians Realty Trust (DOC) Issued By SunTrust Banks Summit Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Summit Research reissued their sell rating on shares of Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) in a research report sent to investors on Tuesday. They currently have a $17.00 price objective on the stock. Several other research analysts have also weighed in on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. initiated coverage on Snap in a research report on Monday. They issued a neutral rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Nomura initiated coverage on Snap in a research report on Friday, March 3rd. They issued a reduce rating and a $16.00 price objective for the company. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on Snap in a research report on Monday. They issued a hold rating and a $24.00 price objective for the company. Pivotal Research reiterated a sell rating and issued a $10.00 price objective on shares of Snap in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Summit Redstone started coverage on Snap in a research report on Monday. They set a sell rating and a $17.00 price target for the company. Ten research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and fourteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average target price of $23.14. Shares of Snap (NYSE:SNAP) opened at 22.23 on Tuesday. Snap has a 12 month low of $18.90 and a 12 month high of $29.44. The company’s market capitalization is $18.59 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $22.15 and its 200-day moving average price is $22.15. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Summit Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/summit-research-reaffirms-sell-rating-for-snap-inc-snap.html. About Snap Snap Inc, formerly Snapchat, Inc, is a camera company. The Company’s flagship product, Snapchat, is a camera application that helps people to communicate through short videos and images known as a Snap. The Company offers three ways for people to make Snaps: the Snapchat application, Publishers Tools that help its partners to create Publisher Stories, and Spectacles, its sunglasses that make Snaps. Receive News & Ratings for Snap Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Snap Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Imperial Brands PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Xerox Corp’s (XRX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Downgraded by OTR Global Scotiabank Reiterates $17.00 Price Target for Statoil ASA (STO) Statoil ASA (STO) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 23,892 Shares in Connecticut Water Service Inc (CTWS) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Cummins Inc. (CMI) Given a $173.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Lifted to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Morgan Stanley Constellium NV (CSTM) Lifted to “Buy” at Societe Generale Dwight Barns Sells 46,947 Shares of Nielsen N.V. (NLSN) Stock Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for Unilever plc (UL) ServiceNow Inc (NOW) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research National Instruments Corp (NATI) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Liberum Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Johnston Press plc (JPR) Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB)‘s stock had its “buy” rating restated by investment analysts at Societe Generale in a report released on Friday. They currently have a GBX 4,500 ($56.55) price objective on the stock. Societe Generale’s target price indicates a potential upside of 17.14% from the company’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on IMB. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reiterated a “conviction-buy” rating and issued a GBX 4,130 ($51.90) price objective (down previously from GBX 4,300 ($54.04)) on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a report on Friday, December 2nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 3,640 ($45.75) price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a report on Wednesday, December 7th. Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 4,500 ($56.55) price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a report on Monday, December 12th. Whitman Howard reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 5,100 ($64.09) price objective on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Berenberg Bank reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 3,543 ($44.53) price objective (down previously from GBX 4,280 ($53.79)) on shares of Imperial Brands PLC in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have assigned a hold rating, eleven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of GBX 4,174.08 ($52.46). Shares of Imperial Brands PLC (LON:IMB) opened at 3877.50 on Friday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 37.04 billion. Imperial Brands PLC has a one year low of GBX 3,324.00 and a one year high of GBX 4,154.00. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 3,809.49 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 3,718.67. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/imperial-brands-plc-imb-rating-reiterated-by-societe-generale.html. In other Imperial Brands PLC news, insider Alison Cooper sold 3,911 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 3,698 ($46.47), for a total transaction of £144,628.78 ($181,762.95). Imperial Brands PLC Company Profile Imperial Brands PLC, formerly Imperial Tobacco Group PLC, is a fast-moving consumer goods company. The Company offers a range of cigarettes, fine cut and smokeless tobaccos, papers and cigars. The Company’s segments include Growth Markets, USA, Returns Markets North, Returns Markets South and Logistics. Receive News & Ratings for Imperial Brands PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Imperial Brands PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Yext Announces Potential Pricing for IPO By Chris Lange March 28, 2017 9:40 am EDT Print Email Tweet Yext has filed an amended S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). The company intends to price its 10.5 million shares in the range of $8 to $10 per share, with an overallotment option of 1.575 million shares. At the maximum price, the entire offering is valued up to $120.75 million. The company plans to list its shares on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol YEXT. The underwriters for the offering are Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan, RBC Capital Markets, Pacific Crest Securities and Piper Jaffray. This company is a knowledge engine. Its platform lets businesses manage their digital knowledge in the cloud and sync it to over 100 services, including Apple Maps, Bing, Cortana, Facebook, Google, Google Maps, Instagram, Siri and Yelp. Digital knowledge is the structured information that a business wants to make publicly accessible. For example, in food service, the address, phone number or menu details of a restaurant; in health care, the health insurances accepted by a physician or the precise drop-off point of the emergency room at a hospital campus; or in finance, the ATM locations, retail bank holiday hours or insurance agent biographies. Intelligent search, which are searches of digital knowledge that combine context and intent, has grown significantly in recent years. Yext’s solution drives commerce by providing real-time digital knowledge that allows consumers to find the businesses and service providers that are most relevant to them. Yext described its finances in the filing as follows: For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $60.0 million and $89.7 million, respectively, our net loss was $17.3 million and $26.5 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss1 was $14.4 million and $22.0 million, respectively. For the nine months ended October 31, 2015 and 2016, our revenues were $64.0 million and $88.6 million and our net loss was $18.2 million and $28.6 million, respectively, and our non-GAAP net loss was $15.2 million and $22.3 million, respectively. The company intends to use the net proceeds from the offering for working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate expenses. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Top Analysts Upgrades and Downgrades: Amazon, Canada Goose, Exelon, Red Hat, Snap, ViaSat, Zebra Technologies and More Tesla Car Hits Phoenix Police Motorcycle » Read more: Technology, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read EU draws up tough stance on Brexit transition deal Trump backs Flynn’s call for immunity in Russia probes Trump demands solution to US trade deficits with China and others Zuma fires Gordhan as Treasury chief as he reshuffles cabinet Article 50 to Brexit: what happens next? US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Trump backs Flynn’s call for immunity in Russia probes Trump demands solution to US trade deficits with China and others US hotels and airlines slash prices as Trump policies hit tourism Tillerson fails to ease US tensions with Turkey on Syria conflict Political risk stalks booming Silicon Valley Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Credit Suisse faces tax probes in multiple countries US hotels and airlines slash prices as Trump policies hit tourism Frankfurt takes early lead in Brexit race to poach City jobs Banks secure key adviser roles on Saudi Aramco IPO Watchdog sends clear message to ex-banker over WhatsApp boast Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Cannabis ETFs: joint venture Stocks end strong quarter in cautious mood Bearish hedge funds suffer as equities rally Zuma’s game of chicken with markets sees Gordhan go Race for speed among algo traders hits peak Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Brussels takes back control of Brexit Beware the ostriches pursuing a Brexit deal Five Star leads the way in Italian poverty politics Article 50: You hold all the cards but we can kick over the table David Davis, Britain’s Brexit street fighter Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Missing Oxford comma shows why writing skills matter The mystery of billionaires’ long marriages How to bring cross-cultural teams together Amazon’s shopping spree at business schools Therapy for knees that may restore ability to run and jump Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Destined for war? China, America and the Thucydides trap Europe gave London a lesson in lifestyle Jane Austen, a £400 painting and an enduring art mystery Far-right village to literary Paris — the rise of Edouard Louis Out of road: driverless vehicles are replacing the trucker Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times Investors accelerate buying of European equities Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for Limited Time Offer $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Share News Tips Securely Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Rating Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Siemens AG (SIE) Given a €126.00 Price Target by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Analysts Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for GrubHub (GRUB) The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Chatham Lodging Trust (CLDT) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Carlisle Companies, Inc. (CSL) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Liberty Braves Group (BATRK) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Delcath Systems, Inc. (DCTH) Short Interest Up 120.2% in March Short Interest in Nordic Amern Offshore Ltd Ordinary Shares (Bermuda) (NAO) Decreases By 45.1% Acacia Mining PLC (ACA) Receives GBX 475.91 Consensus PT from Analysts Acuity Brands, Inc. (AYI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Sell Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (CBI) Earns “Buy” Rating from MKM Partners C R Bard Inc (BCR) Given Hold Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Orion Engineered Carbons SA (OEC) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Aviva Plc (AVVIY) to Sell Sito Mobile Ltd (SITO) PT Lowered to $4.00 Aldermore Group PLC’s (ALD) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt restated their buy rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) in a research note released on Monday. The firm currently has a GBX 275 ($3.46) price objective on the stock. Several other research analysts have also recently issued reports on the company. BNP Paribas restated a neutral rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.83) price objective on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Barclays PLC raised their price objective on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 220 ($2.76) to GBX 270 ($3.39) and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price objective on Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 220 ($2.76) to GBX 250 ($3.14) and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a buy rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 3rd. Finally, Investec restated a buy rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Buy and an average price target of GBX 255.42 ($3.21). Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 222.20 on Monday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 766.01 million. Aldermore Group PLC has a 1-year low of GBX 102.00 and a 1-year high of GBX 256.30. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 228.69 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 208.46. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/aldermore-group-plcs-ald-buy-rating-reiterated-at-peel-hunt.html. Aldermore Group PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Financial News News Trading Places: JP Morgan, AXA IM, Esma and more… Comings and goings in the City and beyond in the week of March 27 By Elizabeth Pfeuti March 31, 2017 8:22 a.m. GMT Esma shuffles management board The European Securities and Markets Authority has appointed two new members to its management board: Sebastián Albella-Amigo from the Comisión Nacional del Mercado de Valores in Spain, and Birgitte Søgaard Holm from Finanstilsynet in Denmark. The pair, who replace two out of the three outgoing members whose mandates ended on March 31, will serve until September 30, 2019. A third appointment to fill the final vacant position is expected to be made shortly. JP Morgan appoints to UK funds business JP Morgan Asset Management has made two new appointments within its UK funds business. Nicki Hayden has been appointed head of sales executives, responsible for overseeing internal sales support, and Stephen McCall has been appointed business development manager. Hayden is responsible for a team of internal sales executives dedicated to the UK intermediary market. She will be based in London and report to Dale Erdei, head of intermediary sales. McCall’s primary responsibility will be to engage with financial advisers in Scotland. He will also support business development throughout England, with a focus on the north. McCall will report into Nick Tullett, head of business development, and be based in Glasgow. Boone promoted at AXA IM Laurence Boone, global head of research and investment strategy at AXA Investment Managers, has been appointed global head of multi-asset client solutions and trading and securities finance. Julien Fourtou, who had been global head of multi-asset client solutions and trading and securities finance, has left the company. Boone takes on the responsibility in addition to her current role as chief economist for AXA Group and head of research and investment strategy at AXA IM. Dickson replaces Bowie at Hymans Robertson John Dickson, current chair of the board at consultant and actuary Hymans Robertson, is to take on the role of senior partner from Ronnie Bowie, effective April 1. After 15 years in the role, Bowie, who has been with the firm since 1980, will step down but continue with his client responsibilities and retain his other external chairmanship roles. Dickson joined Hymans Robertson in 2003 and has had various leadership responsibilities within the business, including head of investment consultancy. Walker Crips appoints non-exec Walker Crips, the listed financial services group, has appointed Clive Bouch as non-executive director, with effect from March 31. He will also join the company’s remuneration and nominations committees, as well as chair the audit committee after a brief handover period. Bouch is a non-executive director of the Steamship Mutual Underwriting Association and chairs the audit committees at Invesco UK and Towergate Insurance. He was previously partner at Arthur Andersen and Deloitte, specialising in financial services. Former Mexican minister joins Stanhope as adviser Private investment office Stanhope Capital has appointed Mexico’s former finance minister, economist Pedro Aspe, to its advisory board with immediate effect. He will sit alongside former BP chief executive Lord Browne and Sir Martin Sorrell, chief executive of WPP. The company said Aspe would be instrumental in the expansion of its client base in Latin America. Credit Suisse prime brokerage head joins independent Kieren McCormack has been appointed chief executive of AK Jensen Limited, an independent brokerage serving the institutional and hedge fund industries. McCormack has joined from Credit Suisse, where he was head of prime services sales and coverage in Europe. Sean Fitzgerald, who had been chief executive of the brokerage arm of AK Jensen for the past 10 years, will relinquish his duties to focus on his role as chief executive of AK Jensen Investment Management. Recruiter hires for private equity push Executive recruitment firm the McLean Partnership has hired Edward King as a partner to develop its private equity franchise. King joins from Executives in Africa’s London office and has worked extensively with portfolio companies across a wide range of sectors. Prior to this, King worked with search firms, focusing on high-level roles across investment banking, advisory and private equity in the UK, Europe and emerging markets. Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Banks urged to execute ‘no regret’ Brexit plans 2. FN Trading & Technology Awards 2017: The Nominees 3. Russia’s foreign agent paranoia 4. The grumpy Yorkshiremen bringing transparency to global FX 5. In Pictures: FN Investment Banking Awards Dinner Top Stories Five reasons fintech fears London may lose its crown after Brexit JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions State Street scoops Barings’ Benton Firms unprepared for Mifid II must squeeze years’ work into months Ex-Jefferies banker fined for WhatsApp boast © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Updated Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Financial News News Press Digest from FN A round-up of stories making the news this morning... By FN Staff March 31, 2017 7:58 a.m. GMT Cross-border flows into EMs touch 26-month high Inflows into emerging market bonds and stocks from non-resident investors touched a 26-month high at $29.8bn in March, which compares with $17.2bn last month, figures from the Institute of International Finance show. (FT) Royal London moots Irish subsidiary The Royal London Mutual Insurance Society, which oversees £100bn, is applying to the Central Bank of Ireland to turn the former’s Irish arm, into a regulated subsidiary in that country. (Times) Demand for long-term bonds remain robust amid new financial rules Demand for long-term debt including 30-year, and 50-year bonds, is expected to remain as robust as it was last year, amid the US and European watchdogs introducing new rules for banks, life insurers, and pension funds. (WSJ) Aramco names global advisers for largest-ever IPO Aramco has appointed HSBC, JP Morgan Chase and Morgan Stanley as international advisers for its proposed $100bn initial public offering next year, in what would be the largest flotation in history. (Times) Buyout-backed firms cherry-pick investors for debt refinancing Advent International, Bain Capital, Bridgepoint and CVC Capital Partners, among others, are understood to have prepared a “white list” of prospective buyers of debt for refinancing businesses, which are backed by these private equity firms. The move is aimed at keep out more demanding investors including US buyout firms Apollo Global Management, and Oaktree Capital Management. (FT) JP Morgan in talks to buy office space in Dublin JP Morgan Chase is in talks with developers Kennedy Wilson and Ireland’s National Asset Management Agency to acquire a new office building in Dublin. The US bank’s proposed 130,000 sq ft office located at Capital Dock in the Irish capital can house 1000 employees. (FT) BlackRock ‘long’ on the pound amid 15% fall post referendum Scott Thiel, deputy chief investment officer of global fundamental fixed income at BlackRock, who manages assets worth $41bn, has a positive view on the pound as an investment, amid the 15% plunge in the UK currency post the referendum last year. (Independent) CFTC names Manhattan prosecutor new enforcement chief James McDonald, an assistant US attorney for the Southern District of New York will head the enforcement division at the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission effective April 10, acting chairman Christopher Giancarlo said on Thursday. (WSJ) Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Banks urged to execute ‘no regret’ Brexit plans 2. FN Trading & Technology Awards 2017: The Nominees 3. Russia’s foreign agent paranoia 4. The grumpy Yorkshiremen bringing transparency to global FX 5. In Pictures: FN Investment Banking Awards Dinner Top Stories Five reasons fintech fears London may lose its crown after Brexit JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions State Street scoops Barings’ Benton Firms unprepared for Mifid II must squeeze years’ work into months Ex-Jefferies banker fined for WhatsApp boast © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Updated Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Financial News Investment Banking JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions Barry Meyer’s return to the Wall Street bank gives it a new edge in the Sub-Saharan equity markets, says his Emea boss Getty Images By Tim Burke March 31, 2017 7:26 a.m. GMT Achintya Mangla, JP Morgan’s equity capital markets boss for Europe, says it is a sign of how seriously the bank is taking expansion in emerging markets that its new managing director for the UK ECM team will also be the first to head its ECM drive across Sub-Saharan Africa. The bank has re-hired South African Barry Meyers, an equity market banker who spent about 10 years at JP Morgan before joining Barclays as head of UK ECM in 2015 Mangla, JP Morgan’s head of ECM for Europe, the Middle East and Africa, said Meyer’s hire came as part of a drive to grow its emerging markets coverage. “We’re saying this is... To Read the Full Story, Start Your Free Trial or Sign In Filter by Topic Asset Management Investment Banking Hedge Funds Trading Private Equity Regulation Politics Fintech Lists EDITOR'S PICKS 1. Banks urged to execute ‘no regret’ Brexit plans 2. FN Trading & Technology Awards 2017: The Nominees 3. Russia’s foreign agent paranoia 4. The grumpy Yorkshiremen bringing transparency to global FX 5. In Pictures: FN Investment Banking Awards Dinner Top Stories Five reasons fintech fears London may lose its crown after Brexit JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions State Street scoops Barings’ Benton Firms unprepared for Mifid II must squeeze years’ work into months Ex-Jefferies banker fined for WhatsApp boast FURTHER READING FURTHER READING Brexit Great Repeal Bill poses Court headache for City access Great Repeal Bill poses Court headache for City access Adhering to equivalent rules has been thrown into question by the UK government's latest proposals Investment Banking JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions JP Morgan’s new London hire underscores its African ambitions Barry Meyer’s return to the Wall Street bank gives it a new edge in the Sub-Saharan equity markets, says his Emea boss View Mifid II: a noble vision beset by troubles Mifid II: a noble vision beset by troubles The risk with the EU's new trading rulebook is that its problems could surface much quicker than its benefits © 2017 FINANCIAL NEWS The News Building 1 London Bridge Street London, SE1 9GF PROFILE Free Trial Sign In Reset Password ABOUT Feedback Contact Us FAQ Copyright Licenses Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Updated Terms & Conditions Corrections SECTIONS News View People Brexit Asset Management Investment Banking Trading Fintech Politics Events & Awards Lists
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Array Biopharma Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vetr Inc. Upgrades Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) to Strong-Buy Vetr Inc. Downgrades Under Armour Inc (UAA) to Buy Aspen Technology, Inc. (AZPN) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Eldorado Gold Corp (EGO) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Royal Bank of Canada Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Essex Property Trust Inc (ESS) Brokerages Set MarineMax Inc (HZO) PT at $24.50 Akebia Therapeutics Inc (AKBA) Receives $15.40 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Vedanta Ltd (VEDL) Short Interest Up 64.2% in March Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Declares Dividend Increase – $0.30 Per Share GKN Plc (GKN.GB) Declares $0.07 Dividend Scotiabank Reiterates Sector Perform Rating for Methanex Co. (MEOH) Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Apple Inc. (AAPL) Rating Reiterated by Rosenblatt Securities Kite Pharma Inc (KITE) Upgraded to “Buy” by Vetr Inc. Vetr Inc. Downgrades Dow Chemical Co (DOW) to Buy OneSavings Bank PLC (OSB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Peel Hunt Citigroup Inc Trims Anglo American plc (AAL) Target Price to GBX 1,400 Redrow plc (RDW) Receives GBX 493.89 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Target Price at $68.36 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Vetr Inc. Upgrades Array Biopharma Inc (ARRY) to Strong-Buy March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Array Biopharma Inc (NASDAQ:ARRY) was upgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating in a research note issued on Wednesday. The firm presently has a $10.26 price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Vetr‘s price objective would suggest a potential upside of 13.00% from the stock’s current price. Several other research analysts have also issued reports on the company. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their target price on Array Biopharma from $8.00 to $13.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $15.00 target price on Array Biopharma and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and set a $15.00 target price (up previously from $10.00) on shares of Array Biopharma in a research report on Friday, February 10th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Array Biopharma from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $11.00 target price for the company in a research report on Friday, January 13th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered Array Biopharma from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $10.00 target price for the company. in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $11.13. Shares of Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) opened at 9.08 on Wednesday. The stock’s market cap is $1.53 billion. Array Biopharma has a 1-year low of $2.60 and a 1-year high of $13.40. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $10.84 and a 200 day moving average price of $8.51. Array Biopharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) last announced its earnings results on Thursday, February 9th. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.14) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.18) by $0.04. The business had revenue of $44.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $31.90 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned ($0.17) EPS. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 25.7% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Array Biopharma will post ($0.71) EPS for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/vetr-inc-upgrades-array-biopharma-inc-arry-to-strong-buy.html. In related news, Director Charles M. Baum sold 25,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 28th. The shares were sold at an average price of $9.27, for a total value of $231,750.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 30,000 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $278,100. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Insiders own 2.60% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of ARRY. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Array Biopharma by 107.1% in the third quarter. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC now owns 124,700 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $842,000 after buying an additional 64,500 shares during the period. Deltec Asset Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth approximately $270,000. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Array Biopharma by 40.2% in the third quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 127,788 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $863,000 after buying an additional 36,661 shares during the period. Henderson Group PLC acquired a new position in shares of Array Biopharma during the third quarter worth approximately $675,000. Finally, Alambic Investment Management L.P. increased its position in shares of Array Biopharma by 31.1% in the third quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 191,130 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,290,000 after buying an additional 45,342 shares during the period. 88.58% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About Array Biopharma Array BioPharma Inc is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of targeted small molecule drugs to treat patients afflicted with cancer. The Company’s programs include approximately three cancer drugs, binimetinib, encorafenib and selumetinib (partnered with AstraZeneca, PLC). To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for Array Biopharma Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Array Biopharma Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Redrow plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Redrow plc (RDW) Receives GBX 493.89 Average PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Dow Chemical Co (DOW) Target Price at $68.36 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Buy Rating for Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Citigroup Inc Reiterates “€51.00” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €26.50 by Baader Bank Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €15.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Receives $131.88 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks: VictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF (CSA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) Given $12.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $7.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on EnPro Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NPO) Humana Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.45 Per Share (HUM) Saul Centers Inc (BFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Given $71.30 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Akari Therapeutics PLC (AKTX) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages Redrow plc (RDW) Receives GBX 493.89 Average PT from Analysts March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Redrow plc (LON:RDW) has been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the thirteen ratings firms that are currently covering the stock. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and seven have issued a buy recommendation on the company. The average 1-year target price among analysts that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 502.78 ($6.32). Several brokerages recently issued reports on RDW. Peel Hunt raised their price target on Redrow plc from GBX 620 ($7.79) to GBX 650 ($8.17) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 558 ($7.01) price target on shares of Redrow plc in a report on Thursday. Canaccord Genuity raised their price target on Redrow plc from GBX 540 ($6.79) to GBX 545 ($6.85) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Redrow plc in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Redrow plc in a report on Tuesday. Shares of Redrow plc (LON:RDW) opened at 515.50 on Tuesday. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 1.87 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 493.40 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 435.63. Redrow plc has a 52-week low of GBX 100.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 522.00. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd will be given a GBX 6 ($0.08) dividend. This represents a yield of 1.28%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 23rd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/redrow-plc-rdw-receives-gbx-493-89-average-pt-from-analysts.html. About Redrow plc Redrow PLC is engaged in residential housing development. The Company is engaged in constructing homes throughout England and Wales. The Company’s operations are focused on housebuilding. Its product range is focused on traditional family housing in its regional businesses and apartment schemes in Greater London. Receive News & Ratings for Redrow plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Redrow plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News China March factory activity grows fastest in nearly five years - official PMI Business Standard Japan output jump, low jobless rate yet to spark inflation Reuters  |  TOKYO  March 31, 2017 Last Updated at 08:32 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUJsT3 ALSO READ Japan Sept consumer prices fall, weak spending clouds outlook Japan consumer prices slump in November, look for 2017 rebound Japan consumer prices rise for 1st time in year but BOJ goal still distant Japan December core consumer prices fall at slowest pace in nearly a year Japan Dec core consumer prices fall at slowest pace in nearly a year By Leika Kihara and Stanley White TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese factory output rose at the fastest pace in eight months and the jobless rate hit a two-decade low in February, a sign a rebound in overseas demand continued to brighten prospects for the country's export-reliant economy. But household spending remained soft and consumer inflation was flat when stripping away the effect of rising energy costs, underscoring the challenges the Bank of Japan faces in generating sustained price rises backed by steady wage growth. The data may reinforce market expectations that while the BOJ's next policy move could be to withdraw its massive stimulus, the timing would be some time away, analysts said. "We can tell that Japan's economy is benefiting from a cyclical pickup in the global economy," said Masamichi Adachi, senior Japan economist at JPMorgan Securities. "But corporates are reluctant to raise prices because consumption is weak ... The simple answer for the government and the BOJ is to wait and see." Industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month, beating market forecasts for a 1.2 percent gain to mark the biggest increase since June last year, as automakers ramped up production of new models, data showed on Friday. Separate figures showed Japan's jobless rate hit a 22-year low of 2.8 percent in February, down 0.2 percentage point from the previous month. But household spending fell 3.8 percent in February from a year earlier, a bigger decline than market forecasts for a 1.7 percent drop, suggesting a tightening labour market has yet to drive up wages enough to boost consumption. ECONOMY GOOD, PRICES WEAK A rebound in energy costs pushed core consumer inflation to 0.2 percent in February, matching a median market forecast and marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years. But a separate consumer price index that excludes the effect of volatile fresh food and energy costs rose just 0.1 percent in February, suggesting that weak consumption was preventing companies from raising prices of non-energy items. Tokyo core consumer prices, which are less influenced by gasoline costs and released a month ahead of nationwide figures, fell 0.4 percent in March from a year earlier. That was bigger than a 0.3 percent drop in February. "While we still think price growth will continue to pick up, it's true the underlying trend isn't that strong," said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. "Depending on oil and yen moves, it may take longer than expected for inflation to approach 1 percent," he said. Japan's long-stagnant economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand. Analysts expect consumer inflation to accelerate near 1 percent later this year as the base effect of last year's oil price falls dissipates. That has led to a dramatic shift in market expectations, with a majority of analysts polled by Reuters predicting the BOJ's next move would be to start scaling back its stimulus. With inflation far from his 2 percent target, however, BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has stressed that he sees "no reason" to dial back the bank's massive stimulus programme anytime soon. BOJ officials have stressed that they would look at various data, not just the core consumer price figures, in determining whether underlying trend inflation is accelerating backed by solid economic growth. They argue that wage rises must accompany price gains for inflation to sustainably hit 2 percent. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Japan | Economy | Prices | Inflation | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Club ITC - 25% earnings on dining at ITC Hotels The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Japan output jump, low jobless rate yet to spark inflation TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese factory output rose at the fastest pace in eight months and the jobless rate hit a two-decade low in February, a sign a rebound in overseas demand continued to brighten prospects for the country's export-reliant economy. By Leika Kihara and Stanley White TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese factory output rose at the fastest pace in eight months and the jobless rate hit a two-decade low in February, a sign a rebound in overseas demand continued to brighten prospects for the country's export-reliant economy. But household spending remained soft and consumer inflation was flat when stripping away the effect of rising energy costs, underscoring the challenges the Bank of Japan faces in generating sustained price rises backed by steady wage growth. The data may reinforce market expectations that while the BOJ's next policy move could be to withdraw its massive stimulus, the timing would be some time away, analysts said. "We can tell that Japan's economy is benefiting from a cyclical pickup in the global economy," said Masamichi Adachi, senior Japan economist at JPMorgan Securities. "But corporates are reluctant to raise prices because consumption is weak ... The simple answer for the government and the BOJ is to wait and see." Industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month, beating market forecasts for a 1.2 percent gain to mark the biggest increase since June last year, as automakers ramped up production of new models, data showed on Friday. Separate figures showed Japan's jobless rate hit a 22-year low of 2.8 percent in February, down 0.2 percentage point from the previous month. But household spending fell 3.8 percent in February from a year earlier, a bigger decline than market forecasts for a 1.7 percent drop, suggesting a tightening labour market has yet to drive up wages enough to boost consumption. ECONOMY GOOD, PRICES WEAK A rebound in energy costs pushed core consumer inflation to 0.2 percent in February, matching a median market forecast and marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years. But a separate consumer price index that excludes the effect of volatile fresh food and energy costs rose just 0.1 percent in February, suggesting that weak consumption was preventing companies from raising prices of non-energy items. Tokyo core consumer prices, which are less influenced by gasoline costs and released a month ahead of nationwide figures, fell 0.4 percent in March from a year earlier. That was bigger than a 0.3 percent drop in February. "While we still think price growth will continue to pick up, it's true the underlying trend isn't that strong," said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. "Depending on oil and yen moves, it may take longer than expected for inflation to approach 1 percent," he said. Japan's long-stagnant economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand. Analysts expect consumer inflation to accelerate near 1 percent later this year as the base effect of last year's oil price falls dissipates. That has led to a dramatic shift in market expectations, with a majority of analysts polled by Reuters predicting the BOJ's next move would be to start scaling back its stimulus. With inflation far from his 2 percent target, however, BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has stressed that he sees "no reason" to dial back the bank's massive stimulus programme anytime soon. BOJ officials have stressed that they would look at various data, not just the core consumer price figures, in determining whether underlying trend inflation is accelerating backed by solid economic growth. They argue that wage rises must accompany price gains for inflation to sustainably hit 2 percent. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Japan output jump, low jobless rate yet to spark inflation By Leika Kihara and Stanley White TOKYO (Reuters) - Japanese factory output rose at the fastest pace in eight months and the jobless rate hit a two-decade low in February, a sign a rebound in overseas demand continued to brighten prospects for the country's export-reliant economy. But household spending remained soft and consumer inflation was flat when stripping away the effect of rising energy costs, underscoring the challenges the Bank of Japan faces in generating sustained price rises backed by steady wage growth. The data may reinforce market expectations that while the BOJ's next policy move could be to withdraw its massive stimulus, the timing would be some time away, analysts said. "We can tell that Japan's economy is benefiting from a cyclical pickup in the global economy," said Masamichi Adachi, senior Japan economist at JPMorgan Securities. "But corporates are reluctant to raise prices because consumption is weak ... The simple answer for the government and the BOJ is to wait and see." Industrial output rose 2.0 percent in February from the previous month, beating market forecasts for a 1.2 percent gain to mark the biggest increase since June last year, as automakers ramped up production of new models, data showed on Friday. Separate figures showed Japan's jobless rate hit a 22-year low of 2.8 percent in February, down 0.2 percentage point from the previous month. But household spending fell 3.8 percent in February from a year earlier, a bigger decline than market forecasts for a 1.7 percent drop, suggesting a tightening labour market has yet to drive up wages enough to boost consumption. ECONOMY GOOD, PRICES WEAK A rebound in energy costs pushed core consumer inflation to 0.2 percent in February, matching a median market forecast and marking the fastest annual pace in nearly two years. But a separate consumer price index that excludes the effect of volatile fresh food and energy costs rose just 0.1 percent in February, suggesting that weak consumption was preventing companies from raising prices of non-energy items. Tokyo core consumer prices, which are less influenced by gasoline costs and released a month ahead of nationwide figures, fell 0.4 percent in March from a year earlier. That was bigger than a 0.3 percent drop in February. "While we still think price growth will continue to pick up, it's true the underlying trend isn't that strong," said Yoshiki Shinke, chief economist at Dai-ichi Life Research Institute. "Depending on oil and yen moves, it may take longer than expected for inflation to approach 1 percent," he said. Japan's long-stagnant economy has shown signs of life in recent months, with exports and factory output benefiting from a recovery in global demand. Analysts expect consumer inflation to accelerate near 1 percent later this year as the base effect of last year's oil price falls dissipates. That has led to a dramatic shift in market expectations, with a majority of analysts polled by Reuters predicting the BOJ's next move would be to start scaling back its stimulus. With inflation far from his 2 percent target, however, BOJ Governor Haruhiko Kuroda has stressed that he sees "no reason" to dial back the bank's massive stimulus programme anytime soon. BOJ officials have stressed that they would look at various data, not just the core consumer price figures, in determining whether underlying trend inflation is accelerating backed by solid economic growth. They argue that wage rises must accompany price gains for inflation to sustainably hit 2 percent. (Reporting by Leika Kihara; Editing by Eric Meijer) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Careers Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC London will remain Europe’s financial capital despite Brexit The Guardian @guardianPublished now The Guardian @guardianPublished now                                                                               If Lloyd’s of London is serious about banning its brokers from enjoying a pint at lunchtime, which was last month’s edict from the top of the Richard Rogers building, Brussels is probably not the best place to open a new base. The beer is excellent. Still, Lloyd’s Belgium-bound contingent will be few in number. The insurance market is moving “a few tens” of jobs from a London office that houses 700. Gags about Lloyd’s of Brussels don’t work, especially as the Belgian subsidiary, on day one, will employ fewer people than the Chinese one. So should we stop worrying about a mass exodus of jobs from the City? No. Lloyd’s is a poor guide to the wider employment picture because its Brexit adjustment was relatively straightforward. To allow business to continue as normal, it just had to set up a separately capitalised subsidiary in the EU with its own management team. Note, too, that the non-UK EU is currently a small part of its business – about 11% of premiums. For many big banks, the calculations on jobs could be very different. For them, the details of the trade agreement between the EU and the UK – assuming there is one – really matter. If vast chunks of EU-only financial activity have to be cleared within the EU, it is conceivable that sizeable trading teams could shift. Consider moves such as JP Morgan’s bid to buy an office in Dublin as sensible contingency planning: the bank won’t necessarily move hundreds of jobs, but it needs to be able to act quickly if necessary. None of which alters the fact that London will remain Europe’s financial capital for the foreseeable future under almost all circumstances. Even if 1,000 HSBC jobs go to Paris, or wherever, London will remain streets ahead of its European competitors. Three decades of post-Big Bang concentration in the UK cannot be reversed overnight. It’s on the global stage, however, that London could suffer more, at least until the new EU-UK financial arrangements are clear. Some of this financial activity can take place almost anywhere in the world. If you’re a US investment bank in New York, it’s currently an easy call to hire your globally-focused staff on the home front. In the banking jobs game, Wall Street looks the most obvious winner from Brexit. The real concern for Lloyd’s Lloyd’s financial figures for 2016 were the secondary story, but should not be ignored. Not for the first time, they told a tale of specialist insurance risk being seriously mis-priced in a world of low interest rates. At a headline level, all looked calm: pre-tax profits were steady at £2.1bn and Lloyd’s return on capital slipped only modestly from 9.1% to 8.1%. Scratch the surface, however, and the picture is different. Higher investment returns, coupled with a handy boost from sterling’s fall, did all the hard work. Profits from underwriting, the day-to-day business, plunged. The combined ratio – how much premium income is paid out in claims and expenses – was 98%, not the comfortable 90% of a year ago. If you’re in the insurance business, you can’t complain when risks materialise – in this case, hurricanes and wildfires. It was the first time since 2012 that claims have been above the long-term average. But you have to wonder what a truly horrendous year like 2011, which brought floods in Thailand and Australia, the New Zealand earthquake and the Japanese tsunami, would do. Lloyd’s and its members could cope because the market remains well capitalised. But the impact would surely be far heftier than the £500m loss seen back then. They were gentler times – competition was less intense and premiums were higher. Note chief executive Inga Beale’s stark warning: “The current situation where (re)insurance demand continues to be dwarfed by overall capacity, and continues to fuel a highly competitive environment, is not sustainable.” She can cut more costs, modernise and appeal for sensible pricing. But, as matters stand, specialist insurance continues to look like a dangerous bubble in the financial system. There is too much hot money chasing returns that look fundamentally fragile. AO World fund raising “This is our first capital raising since our IPO,” says Steve Caunce, chief executive of AO World, the online retailer of electrical goods. Make sure it is also your last. The over-hyped IPO, or flotation, in 2014 was pitched at 285p. Thursday’s £50m fund-raising, to fund expansion in Germany and the Netherlands, was at 132.5p. Long-term fans snapped up the stock happily, but let’s hope they really are the long-term sort. The first sight of profits from the European division is pencilled in for 2021 – and that’s on an “adjusted ebitda run-rate” basis. This article was written by Nils Pratley, for The Guardian on Thursday 30th March 2017 19.38 Europe/London guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010   And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... The Guardian More articles from The Guardian @guardian Latest news, sport, business, comment, analysis and reviews from the Guardian, the world's leading liberal voice. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Citigroup Inc Reiterates “€51.00” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €26.50 by Baader Bank Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €15.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Receives $131.88 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks: VictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF (CSA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) Given $12.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $7.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on EnPro Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NPO) Humana Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.45 Per Share (HUM) Saul Centers Inc (BFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Given $71.30 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Akari Therapeutics PLC (AKTX) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on April 28th Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers AeroCentury Corp. (ACY) to Strong Sell Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €26.50 by Baader Bank March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Axa SA (EPA:CS) has been given a €26.50 ($28.80) price objective by Baader Bank in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. CS has been the topic of a number of other reports. Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.50 ($29.89) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Jefferies Group LLC set a €26.00 ($28.26) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €23.70 ($25.76) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Friday, January 13th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($26.09) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €24.00 ($26.09) target price on shares of Axa SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and eleven have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of €24.78 ($26.94). Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 24.215 on Wednesday. Axa SA has a 12 month low of €16.11 and a 12 month high of €25.05. The company’s 50-day moving average is €23.27 and its 200-day moving average is €22.26. The stock has a market capitalization of €58.58 billion and a P/E ratio of 10.533. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/axa-sa-cs-pt-set-at-26-50-by-baader-bank.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Citigroup Inc Reiterates “€51.00” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €26.50 by Baader Bank Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €15.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Receives $131.88 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks: VictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF (CSA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) Given $12.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $7.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on EnPro Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NPO) Humana Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.45 Per Share (HUM) Saul Centers Inc (BFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Given $71.30 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Akari Therapeutics PLC (AKTX) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on April 28th Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers AeroCentury Corp. (ACY) to Strong Sell Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) has been assigned a €91.00 ($98.91) price target by stock analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research note issued to investors on Wednesday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on SAN. Jefferies Group LLC set a €87.00 ($94.57) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Barclays PLC set a €70.00 ($76.09) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, March 8th. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Friday, January 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of Sanofi SA in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €81.00 ($88.04) price target on Sanofi SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, February 28th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. Sanofi SA currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €83.20 ($90.43). Shares of Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 84.24 on Wednesday. The company has a market capitalization of €106.37 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.19. The company’s 50 day moving average price is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average price is €25.74. Sanofi SA has a 52 week low of €62.50 and a 52 week high of €84.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/sanofi-sa-san-pt-set-at-91-00-by-morgan-stanley.html. About Sanofi SA Sanofi SA, formerly Sanofi-Aventis, is a healthcare company engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. It operates through three segments: Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines) and Animal Health. The Pharmaceuticals segment consists of research, development, production and marketing of medicines, including those originating from Genzyme Corporation. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Societe Generale SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Citigroup Inc Reiterates “€51.00” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) Axa SA (CS) PT Set at €26.50 by Baader Bank Sanofi SA (SAN) PT Set at €91.00 by Morgan Stanley Assicurazioni Generali SpA (G) Given a €15.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Vulcan Materials Company (VMC) Receives $131.88 Average Target Price from Brokerages Zacks: VictoryShares US Small Cap Volatility Wtd ETF (CSA) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “” from Brokerages Tonix Pharmaceuticals Holding Corp. (TNXP) Given $12.00 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $7.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stephens Weatherford International Plc (WFT) Given a $8.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts KeyCorp Weighs in on EnPro Industries, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (NPO) Humana Inc Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.45 Per Share (HUM) Saul Centers Inc (BFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Alps Electric Co Ltd (APELY) Given $71.30 Consensus Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Schneider Electric Unspon (SBGSY) Receives Average Recommendation of “” from Analysts Zacks: Akari Therapeutics PLC (AKTX) Receives Average Rating of “” from Brokerages KCAP Financial Inc (KCAP) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on April 28th Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers AeroCentury Corp. (ACY) to Strong Sell Citigroup Inc Reiterates “€51.00” Price Target for Societe Generale SA (GLE) March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc set a €51.00 ($55.43) price target on Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) in a research note issued to investors on Tuesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other analysts have also commented on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC set a €58.60 ($63.70) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €53.00 ($57.61) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Morgan Stanley set a €49.20 ($53.48) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €46.00 ($50.00) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Monday, January 16th. Finally, Kepler Capital Markets set a €46.83 ($50.90) price target on shares of Societe Generale SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research report on Monday, November 28th. Nine analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and an average target price of €46.30 ($50.32). Shares of Societe Generale SA (EPA:GLE) opened at 47.07 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of €37.63 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.05. Societe Generale SA has a 12 month low of €25.00 and a 12 month high of €49.38. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €44.98 and a 200-day moving average price of €41.35. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/citigroup-inc-reiterates-51-00-price-target-for-societe-generale-sa-gle.html. Societe Generale SA Company Profile Societe Generale SA is a financial services company. The Company is engaged in retail banking, corporate and investment banking, financial services, insurance, private banking and asset management. The Company’s core businesses are managed through three segments: French Retail Banking, International Retail Banking & Financial Services, and Global Banking and Investor Solutions. Receive News & Ratings for Societe Generale SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Societe Generale SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Koninklijke DSM - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers AeroCentury Corp. (ACY) to Strong Sell Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Announces Earnings Results Tembec Inc (TMB) Price Target Raised to C$3.75 at TD Securities Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Earns Reduce Rating from TD Securities Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Chorus Aviation Inc (CHR) Increased by Analyst Heroux Devtek Inc (HRX) Downgraded by National Bank Financial to Sector Perform Market Weight Heroux Devtek Inc (HRX) PT Lowered to C$13.50 at TD Securities Emera Inc (EMA) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Endeavour Silver Corp (EDR) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reiterates Hold Rating for Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Miles Slade Sells 2,850 Shares of J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Stock Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Analyst Upgrade Huntsman Co. (HUN) Trading Up 1.1% Following Analyst Upgrade Albemarle Co. (ALB) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Short Interest Down 5.2% in March Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Liberum Capital upgraded shares of Koninklijke DSM (OTC:RDSMY) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note released on Tuesday morning, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded Koninklijke DSM from an underweight rating to a neutral rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Koninklijke DSM (OTC:RDSMY) opened at 17.08 on Tuesday. The firm has a market cap of $11.96 billion and a P/E ratio of 18.12. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $16.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.97. Koninklijke DSM has a 52-week low of $13.46 and a 52-week high of $17.88. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/koninklijke-dsm-rdsmy-raised-to-buy-at-liberum-capital.html. Koninklijke DSM Company Profile Koninklijke DSM N.V. (Royal DSM) is a global science-based company, engaged in offering health, nutrition and materials. The Company’s segments include Nutrition, Performance Materials, Innovation Center and Corporate Activities. Its Nutrition segment includes DSM Nutritional Products and DSM Food Specialties. Receive News & Ratings for Koninklijke DSM Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Koninklijke DSM and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Post AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Post AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Koninklijke DSM (RDSMY) Raised to Buy at Liberum Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers AeroCentury Corp. (ACY) to Strong Sell Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Announces Earnings Results Tembec Inc (TMB) Price Target Raised to C$3.75 at TD Securities Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Scotiabank TD Securities Reiterates Buy Rating for Turquoise Hill Resources Ltd (TRQ) Pengrowth Energy Corp (PGF) Earns Reduce Rating from TD Securities Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Chorus Aviation Inc (CHR) Increased by Analyst Heroux Devtek Inc (HRX) Downgraded by National Bank Financial to Sector Perform Market Weight Heroux Devtek Inc (HRX) PT Lowered to C$13.50 at TD Securities Emera Inc (EMA) Rating Reiterated by Royal Bank of Canada Eldorado Gold Corp (ELD) Rating Reiterated by Scotiabank Endeavour Silver Corp (EDR) Rating Reiterated by Raymond James Financial, Inc. TD Securities Reiterates Hold Rating for Canadian Western Bank (CWB) Miles Slade Sells 2,850 Shares of J D Wetherspoon plc (JDW) Stock Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Sees Unusually-High Trading Volume on Analyst Upgrade Huntsman Co. (HUN) Trading Up 1.1% Following Analyst Upgrade Albemarle Co. (ALB) Sees Large Growth in Short Interest AK Steel Holding Co. (AKS) Short Interest Down 5.2% in March Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc March 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued their buy rating on shares of Deutsche Post AG (OTCMKTS:DPSGY) in a research report sent to investors on Monday. A number of other equities research analysts have also issued reports on DPSGY. DZ Bank AG reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Deutsche Post AG in a research note on Wednesday, March 8th. Royal Bank of Canada upgraded Deutsche Post AG from a sector perform rating to an outperform rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Deutsche Post AG from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated a neutral rating on shares of Deutsche Post AG in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $35.00. Shares of Deutsche Post AG (OTCMKTS:DPSGY) opened at 34.00 on Monday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $33.86 and a 200-day moving average price of $32.33. The company has a market cap of $41.19 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.05 and a beta of 1.50. Deutsche Post AG has a 1-year low of $25.88 and a 1-year high of $34.79. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Deutsche Post AG (DPSGY) Receives Buy Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/30/deutsche-post-ag-dpsgy-receives-buy-rating-from-goldman-sachs-group-inc.html. About Deutsche Post AG Deutsche Post AG is a Germany-based provider of postal services. The Company operates through four segments: Post – eCommerce – Parcel, Express, Global Forwarding and Freight, and Supply Chain. The Post – eCommerce – Parcel segment handles both domestic and international mail and provides dialogue marketing, nationwide press distribution services and all electronic services associated with mail delivery. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Post AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Post AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Our site uses cookies. By continuing to use our site you are agreeing to our cookies policy.Accept and close Accessibility LinksSkip to content Saturday April 1 2017 SubscribeLog in Read the full article Just register a few details. Get access Biggest US bank slashes its digital adverts over extremist videos James Dean, US Business Editor March 31 2017, 12:01am, The Times JP Morgan Chase will limit its digital display ads to pre-approved websites after The Times investigationandrew burton/Getty Images America’s biggest bank has drastically reduced the amount of marketing it does online after discovering that its advertisements appeared alongside extremist videos on YouTube. JP Morgan Chase said yesterday that it had cut the number of websites that it uses for display advertising from 400,000 to 5,000. An investigation by The Times revealed last week that ads featuring some of America’s biggest companies were being promoted alongside YouTube videos posted by hate preachers and other extremists. The ads appeared next to videos of Wagdi Ghoneim, an Egyptian cleric suspected of illegal fundraising, and Hanif Qureshi, whose teachings inspired the assassination of a Pakistani politician. The findings prompted Johnson & Johnson, AT&T, Verizon and other companies to pull advertising from YouTube and Google immediately. Several others,… Want to read more? Register with a few details to continue reading this article. Get access Already a subscriber? Login You are now logged out Your choice of two articles a week Unlock quality journalism on the topics that you decide matter mostRegister now Or enjoy full access Subscribe and catch up with all the stories behind the headlinesSubscribe today Already a member? Log in Back to top Get in touch Contact us Help The Times Editorial Complaints The Sunday Times Editorial Complaints Place an announcement Classified advertising Display advertising The Times corrections The Sunday Times corrections More from The Times and The Sunday Times The Times e-paper The Sunday Times e-paper Times Currency Services The Sunday Times Wine Club Encounters Dating Times Print Gallery The Times Archive Times Crossword Club Sunday Times Driving Times+ The Sunday Times Rich List Insider City Guides Good University Guide Parent Power © Times Newspapers Limited 2017.  Registered in England No. 894646.  Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, SE1 9GF. Privacy & cookie policy Syndication Commissioning Terms Terms and conditions Stay well-informed Receive complimentary access to two articles from The Times and The Sunday Times every weekGet access now No credit card requiredI'm ok thanks
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cybersecurity Stocks See Increase in Short Interest Bets By Chris Lange March 27, 2017 10:55 am EDT Print Email Tweet Cybersecurity has become an increasingly important issue that companies have to address as they continue to develop new platforms and mobile apps. Hackers have been able to steal credit card and personal information from major companies like JPMorgan and Home Depot. As a result, cybersecurity has become more necessary, and instead of developing a dedicated department within a company, most opt to hire a third-party cybersecurity firm. What is interesting here is that many investors think cybersecurity is the next area in technology that needs real consolidation. The March 15 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest in most of the selected cybersecurity stocks increased. FireEye Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE) saw its short interest increase to 28.11 million shares from the previous reading of 26.79 million. Shares were last seen at $12.24, in a 52-week trading range of $10.35 to $18.73. The short interest at CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ: CYBR) increased slightly to 1.28 million shares from the previous level of 1.23. Shares were trading at $47.90, within a 52-week range of $37.00 to $59.28. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.’s (NASDAQ: CHKP) short interest remained relatively flat to 6.32 million shares compared with the previous reading of 6.31 million. Shares were trading at $102.58, in a 52-week range of $74.34 to $104.35. The number of Palo Alto Networks Inc. (NYSE: PANW) shares short also stayed essentially flat at 7.21 million, compared with the previous level of 7.22 million. Shares were trading at $110.60, within a 52-week range of $110.07 to $165.69. Fortinet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: FTNT) short interest increased to 5.51 million shares from its previous reading of 4.40 million. Shares were trading at $36.01, in a 52-week trading range of $28.01 to $38.33. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Apple Pay ‘Growing Nicely’ Says Analyst Apple Short Interest Rises Nearly 2 Million Shares » Read more: Technology, short interest, Check Point Software Technolog... (NASDAQ:CHKP), FEYE, Fortinet (NASDAQ:FTNT), Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.K. Mergers at Record High, IPOs at Low as Brexit Begins by Ruth David @RuthsDavid More stories by Ruth David and David Hellier @hellierd More stories by David Hellier March 30, 2017, 7:00 PM EDT March 31, 2017, 6:09 AM EDT Uncertainty makes companies ‘think harder about M&A’ Lower IPO volumes in the quarter reflected across Europe It’s 2012 again for companies in the U.K. The first quarter of this year was the busiest for mergers by volume and the slowest for initial public offerings since the same period in 2012, when Greece’s debt crisis weighed on investors and boards. This time round the U.K. is the center of attention. British Prime Minister Theresa May this week officially triggered talks to break away from the European Union. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up Companies were involved in deals totaling more than $93 billion this quarter, which included several U.K. businesses buying assets outside the country. That’s up from $37.1 billion in the same period last year. While uncertainty was fertile ground for corporate combinations, it had the opposite effect on appetite for new stock in the equity markets. Issuers raised a mere $1.7 billion from 11 IPOs, down from $2.38 billion, data compiled by Bloomberg show. “Over the next two years there will be a period of heightened uncertainty and that will make companies think harder about M&A to generate growth,” said Ed Byers, co-head of U.K. investment banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co. “We expect to continue to see plenty of deal activity in the U.K. as companies adjust to the new reality and determine how to take their businesses forward.” The biggest deal by a U.K. company this year was Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc’s purchase of Mead Johnson Nutrition Co. for nearly $18 billion including debt. The numbers would have been a lot higher if Kraft Heinz Co. had been successful in its $143 billion bid for London-listed Unilever. Appetite for U.K. companies with a global presence remains strong, with some acquirers hoping to take advantage of an approximately 16 percent decline in the pound against the dollar since Britain voted to leave the EU in June. European IPOs Low levels of activity in the U.K. IPO market were reflected across Europe as well, with this first quarter being the slowest for the share sales across the continent since a similar period in 2012. “There has been a heightened awareness of risks among investors as we get closer to certain political and macro events,” said Edward Sankey, head of equity syndicate at Deutsche Bank AG. Buyers have been more price sensitive on stock sales as a result, he said. The largest IPO in the U.K. this year was that of investment company BioPharma Credit Plc, which raised $762 million, data compiled by Bloomberg show. Deal volumes are also low because private equity exits, which powered the IPO markets in the last few years, have dried up, Sankey said. As the U.K. prepares for years of negotiations to strike a new deal with Europe and elections loom in the key economies of Germany and France, companies across the continent are using dealmaking as a way to take their businesses forward. Across the whole of Europe, M&A this quarter rose to more than $230 billion, the highest first-quarter volume since 2007. The European Union on Friday released draft guidelines for Brexit talks to the bloc’s 27 other capitals. EU President Donald Tusk said negotiations over future commercial ties would not take place until “sufficient progress” was made resolving issues such as borders and budgets. May was also told any transitional period to ease the exit would require the U.K. paying money and accepting EU laws. “While the outcome of the Brexit negotiations is unclear, most companies are not putting their plans on hold due to political uncertainty,” said Martin Todd, a European equities portfolio manager for Hermes Investment Management. “Negotiations are likely to be protracted, and ultimately Brexit is less of a talking point than one might expect.” Watch Next: U.K. Files for Brexit: Today in 70 Seconds Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Hot Topics TSLA SHLD Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More BlackBerry (BBRY) pops by 14% early Friday on Q4 earnings beat >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Trading > Trading Advice > Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) MU stock continues to reward trend-following traders By Serge Berger, Head Trader & Strategist, The Steady Trader  |  Mar 27, 2017, 9:08 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Embrace Facebook Inc (FB) Stock, Just Don’t Chase It! Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Is a Comeback Buy Here’s Where Micron Technology Will Be a Better Buy (MU) Recent Posts: Chevron Corporation (CVX) Stock: When to Buy This 4% Yielder Embrace Facebook Inc (FB) Stock, Just Don’t Chase It! Buy Wells Fargo & Co (WFC) Stock on Any Dips View All Posts Shares of Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) rallied 7.4% last Friday after the company reported better-than-expected results for its most recent quarter. Although MU stock has risen sharply over the past 12 months, the primary trend remains higher. Active traders and investors would be wise to respect this trend. When Micron announced strong results and promising guidance last week, analysts were quick to follow suit and raise their price targets for the stock. For example, JPMorgan raised its target from $33 per share to $38. Deutsche Bank propped its target on MU shares from $30 to $35. In my proprietary research, I have found mixed results over time regarding stocks reaching analyst price targets. However, when combined with a solid growth story and supporting charts — which is what we have right now in MU stock — stocks don’t often just meet these price targets, but easily surpass them. This then leads analysts to continuously raise their PTs until greed takes over and expectations get too high. Lastly, analysts end up greatly missing the major turning points — both in company fundamentals, and in stock prices. Let’s move on to Micron’s charts. MU Stock Charts We see on the multiyear weekly chart that Micron was a great breakout story from mid-2013 into late 2014. The wind then quickly changed, leading to a whopping 75% drop over the ensuing 13 months that fully retraced the entire 2013-14 breakout. Click to Enlarge However, note that despite the big drop, MU stock found support around the $10 area, which in years past had acted as a lid on the stock. So, with former resistance turning into technical support, Micron began clawing its way back up from the early 2016 lows in a trend that remains intact to this day. Trend followers and active investors alike should continue to respect this trend until it ends and the lower end of the uptrending parallels is violated for good. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/micron-technology-inc-mu-stock-better-buy/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for Q2 3 Blue-Chip Tech Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds to Buy Now 4 Things Apple Stock Owners Should Worry About ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks of the S&P 500 in Q1 3 Blue-Chip Technology Stocks That Will Break Through the Ceiling 7 ‘Best of the Best’ Stocks to Buy for the Second Quarter The 7 Biggest Land Mines in Your Portfolio Right Now The 10 Cheapest Vanguard Funds on the Market Most Popular 10 Stocks You’d Be Foolish to Buy Right Now The 7 Best Stocks to Buy for an Income-Rich Retirement 10 Small-Cap Stocks That Could Double in the Next 3 Months 4 Tech Stocks That Are Breaking Out (Or Will Soon) The 7 WORST Stocks to Buy Right Now 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in April Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In Menu The Irish Times Sat, Apr 1, 2017 Sign In Welcome The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Davos Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X May pitches United Kingdom into uncharted territory Business Week: houses getting scarcer and dearer, plus bonuses at Paddy Power Betfred about an hour ago Colin Gleeson Britain embarks on its Brexit jourtney         British prime minister Theresa May formally initiated the UK’s divorce from the EU with the triggering of article 50 on Wednesday, pitching both Britain and the bloc into the undiscovered country. May notified European Council president Donald Tusk in a hand-delivered letter of Britain’s intention to quit the club it joined more than 40 years ago. “The UK is leaving the EU,” she said later. “This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back.” Tusk made no effort to mask his grief. “We already miss you,” he lamented in a tweet, pinned to the top of his Twitter page. In remarks that followed May’s letter, he said there was “no reason to pretend this is a happy day neither in Brussels, nor in London”. “After all,” he added, “most Europeans, including almost half the British voters, wish that we would stay together, not drift apart. As for me I will not pretend that I am happy today.” But, happy or not, as May said, there can be no turning back. Now begins the trying task of negotiating a deal that will do the least damage to all concerned. First on the agenda is the UK’s bill for leaving, which will be at least €25.4 billion, according to a think tank. An analysis by Bruegel concluded the final tally is unlikely to reach the €60 billion quoted by senior EU officials. It said the bill will range between €25.4 billion and €65.1 billion depending on the calculation method used, but it’s likely to be at the lower end. However, almost one in five debt investors globally said they feared the UK would end the divorce talks without any deal, according to a survey carried out by Fitch, the credit ratings firm. Indeed, there is evidence of trepidation. IPOs (Initial public offerings) by companies based in Britain have raised €1.41 billion so far in 2017, which is a 28 per cent decline on last year and the lowest year-to-date total since 2012. Separately, 40 European business lobbies representing companies in 34 countries issued a statement calling for a post-Brexit settlement to preserve the integrity of the single market, deliver a smooth transition and avoid creating “unnecessary” obstacles to trade and investment. Worst case scenario There were warnings abound for Irish interests also, as PricewaterhouseCoopers said businesses in the Republic should plan for the worst. Namely, the absence of a trade deal for the UK. “At this stage, it is likely that World Trade Organisation rules will kick in to govern the future EU-UK trading relationship,” said managing partner Feargal O’Rourke. Business lobby Ibec said an “assertive national effort” was required to avoid the “very real risk of a divisive, damaging Brexit divorce”, especially one that would see the UK exit the EU with no trade deal in place. The Irish Tourist Industry said the impact of Brexit was already damaging tourism. “The three-month trend from Britain [in visitor numbers to Ireland] shows a decline of 6 per cent but, looking at February alone, there is a very worrying decline of 22 per cent,” said chairman Paul Gallagher. Irish chief executives were unanimous in viewing Brexit as a strategic error for the UK that will have negative consequences for the Republic. Pat McCann of hotel group Dalata described it as “madness” while FBD head Fiona Muldoon said it was “a real shame”. The good cheer really was in short supply as Lloyd’s of London, the world’s largest specialty insurer, said it was choosing Brussels over Dublin for its EU subsidiary because of its strong regulatory framework. “Brussels met the critical elements of providing a robust regulatory framework in a central European location, and will enable Lloyd’s to continue to provide specialist underwriting expertise to our customers,” chief executive Inga Beale said. There was better news in relation to JPMorgan Chase, which is in talks to buy a Dublin office building. The lender is negotiating the potential purchase of a building in Dublin’s Capital Dock that would be big enough to house more than 1,000 workers. The Central Bank is continuing its preparations for a possible influx, setting up new teams to deal with Brexit-related authorisation queries across banking, insurance, investment firms, investment funds and financial market infrastructures. House prices There were further indicators this week that houses are becoming scarcer and more expensive. The latest survey from Real Estate Alliance showed the average cost of a three-bed semi-detached home in Dublin has risen by €15,000, or 3.9 per cent, to €404,167 in the last three months. The increase was linked to the Central Bank’s recent decision to ease its mortgage-lending rules, which “has had an immediate effect on the market with a large rise in numbers at viewings and potential buyers with mortgage financing”. Overall, it said the average house price across the country has risen by 10.9 per cent over the past 12 months – a marked increase on the 7.7 per cent rise registered to the end of December 2016. On the supply side, the Real Estate Alliance noted that it “remains extremely limited”, while Sherry FitzGerald, singing from the same hymn sheet, said the number of houses for sale in the Republic has declined 17 per cent to 22,100 year-on-year in January. The company said the reduction marked a new low in the number of houses available for sale throughout the State, with the figure equating to just 1.2 per cent of the total private housing stock across the country. In Dublin, the reduction in supply was even more pronounced, with just 2,800 properties advertised for sale in January, down 30 per cent year on year. Supply levels in Dublin have declined by 43 per cent since January 2010. Separately, growth in the number of people who have obtained mortgage approval rocketed by 42 per cent in the year to February, driven by first-time buyers looking to benefit from looser mortgage lending rules and the Government’s Help to Buy scheme. The number of mortgage approvals rose to 2,840 in February, up from 1,996 a year earlier, but down from 3,055 in January. The value of approvals was up by 54 per cent to €585 million from €379 million a year earlier. The Banking and Payments Federation said first-time buyers were driving the growth, accounting for one in two of every mortgage approved in the month. The number of first-time buyer applications also grew strongly, up 50 per cent on the year. Bonus territory In other news, Paddy Power Betfair chief executive Breon Corcoran can afford to have a flutter himself as it emerged he received a £798,000 (€926,143) bonus last year. The group’s annual report shows that Corcoran, who took over as head of the merged entity in February 2016, was paid £1.6 million in remuneration in 2016. This included a basic salary totalling £642,000, £19,000 in benefits and £96,000 in pension payments. It gets even better for Corcoran, previously a Paddy Power executive, who is to see his salary rise by 2 per cent this year to €714,000, from €700,000. This includes a payment for his role as a director of the group.       Topics: Donald Tusk Pat Mccann Theresa May Eu European Council Irish Business and Employers Confederation World Trade Organisation Dalata Fitch Lloyds of London PriceWaterhouseCoopers Sherry FitzGerald Read More Brexit: 50 things Ireland needs to know Bank of Ireland to shrink number of shares by 97% Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade INM row recalls O’Brien’s crusade on corporate governance Eurozone inflation plunge may vindicate Draghi Visa Europe suffers three-day outage at settlement system  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Technology multinationals boost VAT take by up to €350m Economy Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade Europe Protecting peace process is ‘paramount’ in Brexit talks Golf Tiger Woods confirms he will not play at the Masters Sponsored Advice for Irish companies preparing for Brexit? Act now Voyage into Heaney country at HomePlace, Northern Ireland’s latest cultural magnet Our trip North: ‘I couldn’t believe how much it had changed’ Who are the ‘Leaders of Tomorrow’? Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business Irish agriculture the least climate-efficient in Europe, study finds 07:00 Technology multinationals boost VAT take by up to €350m 07:00 Government expected to decide on AIB flotation after French vote 06:32 The €23m question hanging over Independent News & Media 06:30 May pitches United Kingdom into uncharted territory 06:17 Most Read in Business 1 Jackie Lavin sues Bill Cullen over Muckross home 2 Trump targets Ireland’s ‘chronic’ trade surplus with US 3 Irish agriculture the least climate-efficient in Europe, study finds 4 The €23m question hanging over Independent News & Media 5 Brexit: the charge of the Right brigade 6 Government expected to decide on AIB flotation after French vote 7 Technology multinationals boost VAT take by up to €350m 8 Brexit: 50 things Ireland needs to know 9 Microsoft Ireland reports pre-tax profits of almost €1bn 10 Visa Europe suffers three-day outage at settlement system Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 1/4/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick March 31, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet March 31, 2017: Markets opened lower Friday following a report from the Commerce Department that personal consumption expenditures (PCE) inflation came in at 2.1% for February. The best performing sectors Friday included real estate and utilities stocks. Financials and energy sectors lagged. WTI crude oil for May delivery settled at $50.60 a barrel, up 0.5% on the day, but closed the month down 5.8%. June gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,251.20 and closed down 0.2% for the month. Equities were headed for a mixed close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded down 0.09% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.03%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.20%. The DJIA traded very near the break-even line just minutes before the closing bell. The closing tally could finish with either a small gain or a small loss for any or all of the indexes. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage loss ahead of the close Friday was Exxon Mobil Corp. (NYSE: XOM) which traded down 1.74% at $82.24. The stock’s 52-week range is $80.31 to $95.55. Volume was about 20% above the daily average of around 12.8 million. The company had no specific news. E.I. du Pont de Nemours Inc. (NYSE: DD) traded down 1.16% at $80.69. The stock’s 52-week range is $61.12 to $82.37. Volume was less than 10% below the daily average of around 2.8 million shares. The company said this morning that it is extending the merger closing date for its deal with Dow Chemical and selling some of its crop protection assets to FMC. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) traded down 0.93% at $88.20. The stock’s 52-week range is $57.05 to $93.98. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 15.9 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded down 0.48% at $177.13. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $185.71. Volume was about 65 below the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The company on Friday completed the first test flight of its 787-10, but orders are few for the $313 million aircraft. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 12 are on track to close higher Friday and 18 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), E.I. du Pont de Nemours & Comp... (NYSE:DD), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Friday, March 31, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon court news Friday, March 31, 2017 Bills owed R.F. Ohl Fuel Oil Inc., 400 Interchange Road, Lehighton, filed three actions against individuals it alleges owe bills for services provided. The defendants and amounts sought are: James and Leanne Huffman, 25 Call Mountain Circle, Lehighton, $3,086.97; Dawn Siewert, 410 State Road, Palmerton, $1,215.84; and Jeanette Prutzman, 103 Gower Road, Albrightsville, $1,782.71. Credit defaults The following actions were filed by credit card companies, or their collection agencies, for alleged defaults on credit card/loan accounts. Capital One Bank, Glen Allen, Virginia, filed two actions as follows: Cayse Charron, 3215 Hemlock St., Palmerton, seeking $1,575; and Robert Strohl, 123A S. First St., Lehighton, seeking $11,250.16. Cavalry SPV I, Valhalla, New York, filed two actions as follows: Steven M. Roberti Jr., 320 North St., Jim Thorpe, seeking $2,745.92; and Robert Burzynski, 118 Gower Road, Albrightsville, seeking $11,785.89. Midland Funding, Horsham, filed two actions as follows: Erica Ferrell, 34 Berry Lane, Jim Thorpe, seeking $1,385.80; and Sheenaeli Mantilla, 138 Gower Road, Albrightsville, seeking $1,781.85. Discover Bank, Pittsburgh, filed two actions as follows: Jonathan Zaremba, 72 Jefferson St., Weatherly, seeking $3,105.37; and Jeremy K. Sommers, 212 W. Hazard St., Summit Hill, seeking $6,201.25. Mortgage foreclosures The following actions were filed as mortgage foreclosures for alleged defaults on loans. Pacific Union Financial, c/o 1603 LBJ Freeway, Farmers Branch, Texas, filed against Jay B. and Amy L. Jones, 944 Norman St., Weatherly, over property at that address. Sought is $185,159.08 and continuing interest. Valley National Bank, c/o 1720 Route 23 North, Wayne, New Jersey, filed against Robert M. Rehnert, 274 Indian Hill Road, Lehighton (Franklin Township), over property at that address. Sought is $47,046.54 and continuing interest. JPMorgan Chase Bank, c/o 3415 Vision Drive, Columbus, Ohio, filed against Joan Gorman, 780 Mauch Chunk Road, Palmerton, over property at that address. Sought is $71,675.80 and continuing interest. Suit for damages A Carbon County saloon has been sued for negligence for allegedly providing alcohol to a visibly intoxicated person, who was later involved in an crash that seriously injured his passenger — the plaintiff in the suit. Brian Karlick, of 617 Ore St., Palmerton, has filed the civil action against 2008 River Walck Saloon, LLC, doing business as Riverwalck Saloon, 101 Center St., Parryville; and Allen D. Miller Jr., 653 Main St., Apt. 3, Slatington. The suit states on Oct. 6 and 7, the defendant Riverwalck, through an employee, served Miller alcohol while he was visibly intoxicated, which is a violation of state law and the defendants’ liquor license issued by the state. The suit alleges that employees of the defendant firm encouraged Miller to consume shots of liquor giving some of them for free. At the time of the incident, the suit alleges, Miller was a ‘habitual drunkard.” The suit further alleges that Miller then left the saloon around 2:49 a.m. with Karlick as a passenger in a Chevrolet Malibu, He drove north on Forest Inn Road in Lower Towamensing Township. Miller lost control of the vehicle while negotiating a curve with the Malibu leaving the road and striking a tree on the passenger side, then continued on and struck a second tree with the front end, where it came to rest. Miller then fled the scene leaving Karlick, who the suit states was seriously injured, without getting any help. Miller was later located by police, the suit notes. The suit alleges that Karlick sustained “severe and permanent” personal injuries, “including but not limited to, above the elbow amputation of the right arm and multiple surgeries.” The action alleges negligence against the defendants for the injuries Karlick sustained, which are more detailed in the suit. Sought are damages in excess of $50,000 on each of two counts. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Stake Lowered by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Cuts Stake in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) Shares Sold by Macquarie Group Ltd. New Century Investment Management Inc. Invests $1,352,000 in Lincoln National Co. (LNC) New Century Investment Management Inc. Has $1,352,000 Stake in Bank Of The Ozarks Inc (OZRK) New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Halliburton Company (HAL) Position Cut by Macquarie Group Ltd. Traders Sell Shares of Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) on Strength After Insider Selling Touchstone Exploration Inc (TXP) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Ezra Gardner Buys 1,900 Shares of Fortress Paper Ltd. (FTP) Stock AMC Networks Inc (AMCX) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Insider Selling: Tilly's Inc (TLYS) Major Shareholder Sells 10,000 Shares of Stock Insider Selling: Toro Co (TTC) Director Sells 3,048 Shares of Stock Paul M. Silva Sells 1,688 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) Director Ruth Ann Marshall Sells 6,046 Shares Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (REGN) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Dow Chemical (DOW) Jeffrey Chodakewitz Sells 13,750 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Stock Michael Cunningham Sells 9,000 Shares of Red Hat Inc (RHT) Stock Joseph J. Deangelo Sells 600,000 Shares of HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Stock New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New Century Investment Management Inc. lowered its stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) by 20.0% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 87,868 shares of the company’s stock after selling 21,948 shares during the period. TTM Technologies makes up about 1.7% of New Century Investment Management Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 18th largest position. New Century Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in TTM Technologies were worth $1,198,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of TTMI. MSI Financial Services Inc acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $103,000. Oberweis Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $138,000. Airain ltd acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $151,000. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan increased its position in TTM Technologies by 1.1% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 14,490 shares of the company’s stock valued at $166,000 after buying an additional 160 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC acquired a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter valued at approximately $169,000. 80.99% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) traded down 0.62% during trading on Friday, reaching $16.13. 887,326 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $16.29 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.95. TTM Technologies, Inc. has a 12 month low of $6.22 and a 12 month high of $17.86. The firm has a market cap of $1.62 billion, a PE ratio of 47.44 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.58 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.13. The company had revenue of $706.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $671.57 million. TTM Technologies had a net margin of 1.38% and a return on equity of 15.90%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.31 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that TTM Technologies, Inc. will post $1.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “New Century Investment Management Inc. Sells 21,948 Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI)” was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/new-century-investment-management-inc-sells-21948-shares-of-ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi.html. Several equities analysts have commented on TTMI shares. Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on shares of TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Needham & Company LLC increased their target price on shares of TTM Technologies from $14.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. TheStreet downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 22nd. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 1st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded shares of TTM Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $18.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, February 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. TTM Technologies currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.25. In related news, major shareholder Hsiang Chien Tang sold 4,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.70, for a total value of $62,800,000.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, January 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $14.56, for a total transaction of $43,680.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders have sold 4,140,348 shares of company stock worth $65,079,738. Insiders own 28.40% of the company’s stock. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTMI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI). Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sat 1 Apr 2017 | 2:27 EDT You are here: Home > News > Business > Article Home News Top News Business Canada Sports Entertainment Technology World Indices Canadian Rates Products & Services Support About Thomson Reuters Cenovus C$3 billion offering has been fully subscribed: sources Fri Mar 31, 2017 7:29pm EDT   Email This Article | Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter | Print This Article [-] Text [+] TORONTO (Reuters) - Cenovus Energy Inc's CVE.TO C$3 billion ($2.25 billion) equity offering to partly fund its planned C$17.7 billion acquisition of some of ConocoPhillips Co's (COP.N: Quote) Canadian assets has been fully subscribed, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. The sale of 187.5 million common shares at C$16 per share was fully allocated on Wednesday evening, soon after the deal was announced, the people said. The people declined to be named because the matter was not public. The equity sale is expected to close next week. Royal Bank of Canada (RY.TO: Quote) and JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N: Quote), which are leading the share sale, did not immediately respond to requests for comment outside office hours on Friday. A Cenovus spokesman declined to comment. Cenovus shares tumbled to their biggest one-day percentage drop in history on Thursday as investors wondered if the company had made the right move in reaching the cash and stock deal to buy ConocoPhillips' oil sands and natural gas assets. The stock was unchanged on Friday. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) © Thomson Reuters 2017 All rights reserved.     Next Article: McDonald's Canada says 95,000 affected in careers website hack     More news Bombardier Executive Chairman Beaudoin to see fall in 2016 pay BoC's Poloz says rates not fueling housing speculation: report Apple, Amazon, Google join bidding for Toshiba chip unit: media Canada GDP jumps in January, signals stronger than expected quarter More... ca.reuters.com:  Help & Info |  Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright |  Disclaimer |  Privacy Policy |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Business Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business INTERNATIONAL TRADE Li & Fung Li & Fung Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention latches on technology CEO Spencer Fung this week unveiled a US$150 million, three-year plan to invest in IT for leading the company’s transformation. PUBLISHED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am UPDATED : Saturday, 01 April, 2017, 8:00am Comments:   Eric Ng eric.mpng@scmp.com http://twitter.com/EricNgSCMP Share PrintEmail Related topics Li & Fung Trade More on this story Companies Doubts rise over Li & Fung future 9 Feb 2013 Downturn erodes Li & Fung earnings 15 Aug 2012 Investors shun Li & Fung shares 1 Jul 2011 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung answers the doubters 23 Jun 2011 Related Articles Business How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 1 Apr 2017 Companies Li & Fung needs to focus on its core businesses - and get rid of the rest 4 Apr 2014 Companies Investors turn bullish on Li & Fung after makeover 3 Mar 2014 Li & Fung is trying to reinvent itself for the eighth time in 24 years. The company, the world’s largest sourcing agent for Wal-Mart Stores and Macy’s, will fully embrace information technology -- which has already upended its century-old role as the quintessential middle person between producers and consumers -- and is investing heavily to transform its business. The transformation was given extra urgency this week, when chief operating officer Spencer Fung delivered Li & Fung’s third consecutive year of profit decline, missing analysts’ estimates with a 24 per cent slump. Core operating profit tumbled 44 per cent over three years while the profit margin narrowed by 1.4 percentage point to 2.5 per cent. “This has been one of the toughest trading environments Li & Fung has ever seen,” Fung said. Li & Fung’s 2016 revenue fell for the third year, declining 11 per cent to US$16.8 billion, the lowest since 2009. The only bright spot in its results was the logistics business, which reported a 15.5 per cent growth in core operating profit, where the profit margin widened to 6.7 per cent due to rising e-commerce demand and expansions into the Japanese and South Korean markets. Even so, depressed global freight rates and unfavourable currency movements meant the logistics operation failed to meet its goal of doubling its US dollar profit in the three years to last year. Decline in sourcing and trading profit was to a small extent offset by higher earnings from Li & Fung’s growing services business where it helps factories cut material and finance costs, move to cheaper locations and comply with increasingly stringent health and safety rules. Li & Fung was founded in Guangzhou in 1906 by Fung’s great grandfather. For more than a century, the company grew and prospered through its role as broker, facilitating trade and manufacturing between the mainland Chinese hinterland with the rest of the world. The advent of the internet and e-commerce have dealt a severe blow to the company’s business, as customers and producers can now reach each other directly. To reverse its fortunes, the company proposed a new three-year plan, after meeting its sales and profit goals in four of eight three-year plans made since 1993. It’s fallen to Fung, 43, to turn things around. The Harvard University graduate took over the reins of the company as chief executive in 2014. Fung this week announced a three-year, US$150 million plan to invest in information technology hardware and software, and to hire people who can use them, as the firm seeks to create “the supply chain of the future.” The key plank of the strategy is to bring its semi-digital operation to full digitisation, from product development, material costing, sampling, manufacturing and logistics. “A digital supply chain is essential to service a highly digitalised marketplace,” Fung said. Fung’s plan aims to halve the time it takes for products to move from concept to deliver to 21 weeks by 2019, from the current 40 weeks. That helps retailers better adjust to customers’ changing preferences and shopping behaviour more quickly, and help them compete with the online shopping platforms. This involves “rapid prototyping” by using “virtual sampling” and “digital showroom” technology to cut the time needed to design, make, and seek approvals for product samples. With Li & Fung’s huge international footprint and annual turnover, it a very large ship to steer. “What used to take weeks and days can now be done in a matter of hours. There are new technologies available today for old economy companies to take advantage of,” Fung said. “The world is moving faster and faster; how we can move as fast as a startup” is the challenge, he said. Not only is speed key to turning around Li & Fung’s sagging profits, the vast quantity of data at its disposal is also important for making its supply chain more efficient, cheaper and better able to help customers differentiate their products. Still, not everybody is convinced the new plan could bring a turnaround any time soon. Li & Fung’s shares fell in the two days after its results and its business plan, trading recently near a 14-year low of HK$3.30. Only one analyst out of 13 covering the company is recommending investors “buy” the stock. “We are not yet convinced that the speed and innovation will be able to pull up sales growth notably,” said JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s Ebru Kurumlu, the lead analyst in a report with a “neutral” recommendation on the stock, and a projection that the annual operating profit growth will only average 6 per cent over three years. To realise the ambitious goals, Li & Fung also needs a change in mindset for the company’s 22,000 employees, according to Fung. The company used to offer its “solutions to retailers and brand owners who have little knowledge about products and supply chain” in the last 100 years, he said. “Now, our approach is: what is the business model that you want, and how can we help? We can also use this approach with our bigger customers in future.” While the Hang Seng Index has gained almost 10 per cent this year, Li & Fung’s shares have fallen 1 per cent. It was dropped as one of the 50 constituents of Hong Kong’s Hang Seng Stock Index, losing the position it’s held since 2000. Some analysts don’t see any quick fixes to the company’s challenges, even if they agree with its strategic direction, especially since it requires upfront investments that can only be paid off in future years. “We share Li & Fung’s view on the growing importance of speed to market. However, macro and industry challenges will weigh on its earnings outlook,” said Deutsche Bank analysts Anne Ling and John Chou, who forecast 2.7 per cent compound average growth on its core operating profits until 2019.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 3 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 4 Job cuts at China’s Big Four banks 5 Hong Kong’s February home price index rises to a record Shared 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 How four generations left their mark in Li & Fung 3 Li & Fung’s latest attempt at reinvention bets on technology 4 How many ways did North Korea get away with murder? 5 China is on the path to global technology dominance Commented 1 Cathay Pacific aims for HK$4 billion in cuts over three years 2 Rise of the 215 sq ft home as Hong Kong price boom squeezes buyers 3 Racist attacks in India give China the edge in Africa 4 Thousands of polluters in China caught faking emissions data 5 Consuming shark’s fin soup like ‘eating a panda’       You may also like Society The Indonesian child maids of Hong Kong, Singapore 26 Mar 2017 - 12:36am 12 Your partner in the cloud In partnership with: Alibaba Cloud Opinion Why a Beijing-Taipei conflict would be lose-lose on all levels 25 Mar 2017 - 6:34pm 34 Style A. Lange & Söhne displays masterpiece 27 Mar 2017 - 12:44pm Politics John Tsang: popular with the people, not with the voters 29 Mar 2017 - 12:15am 25 Politics How Hong Kong’s Carrie Lam went from protester to leader in waiting 25 Mar 2017 - 2:34pm 11 Hong Kong Escalator going ‘twice as fast’: witnesses relive mall accident that injured 18 26 Mar 2017 - 7:21pm 28 News Teenage Singaporean blogger Amos Yee granted asylum in U.S. 25 Mar 2017 - 11:29pm 127 World Chinese elders’ Canada immigration bids bog down in Hong Kong 23 Mar 2017 - 12:58pm 27 China Chinese soccer fans flock to the streets after surprise win over South Korea 24 Mar 2017 - 8:41am 22 China 300 flights axed as Beijing airport shuts runway for repairs 23 Mar 2017 - 11:40pm China Hong Kong hopes for boom from AIIB club 24 Mar 2017 - 12:00am 11 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Cenovus C$3 billion offering has been fully subscribed: sources Add to ... TORONTO — Reuters Published Friday, Mar. 31, 2017 7:30PM EDT Last updated Friday, Mar. 31, 2017 7:31PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Cenovus Energy Inc's <CVE.TO> C$3 billion ($2.25 billion) equity offering to partly fund its planned C$17.7 billion acquisition of some of ConocoPhillips Co's <COP.N> Canadian assets has been fully subscribed, sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. The sale of 187.5 million common shares at C$16 per share was fully allocated on Wednesday evening, soon after the deal was announced, the people said. The people declined to be named because the matter was not public. The equity sale is expected to close next week. Royal Bank of Canada <RY.TO> and JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N>, which are leading the share sale, did not immediately respond to requests for comment outside office hours on Friday. A Cenovus spokesman declined to comment. Cenovus shares tumbled to their biggest one-day percentage drop in history on Thursday as investors wondered if the company had made the right move in reaching the cash and stock deal to buy ConocoPhillips' oil sands and natural gas assets. The stock was unchanged on Friday. (Reporting by John Tilak in Toronto and Nia Williams in Calgary; Editing by Jonathan Oatis) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.84 -1.19 (-1.34%) COP-NConocoPhillips Latest Price$49.87 -0.13 (-0.26%) RY-TRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$96.89 -0.98 (-1.00%) RY-NRoyal Bank of Canada Latest Price$72.91 -0.47 (-0.64%) Updated March 31 4:01 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Toronto, Ontario Calgary, Alberta ConocoPhillips Company JPMorgan Chase & Co. Royal Bank of Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » Report on Business Video: Carrick Talks Money: Three ways retirees can defend their savings against a stock market crash News Pollution in deep Pacific devastating Earth: study News Opinion: Saunders: GOP failure in Congress is derailing of Trump train Report on Business Two U.S. dividend ETFs that offer low costs and good diversification Sports Scott Moir on skating with Tessa Virtue for 20 years News New trade orders set stage for manufacturing revival, Trump says Sports Kaetlyn Osmond wants more ‘hype’ around skating in Canada Report on Business Trudeau defends Bombardier loan after executive pay hike News Five Eyes: The spy network that can track nearly any communication you make Arts Stolen Norman Rockwell painting returned after 40 Years Report on Business Markets on alert for 'Trump tantrum' News Explore the 1930s system that directs trains through Toronto’s Union Station ◀ ● ● ● ▶ Highlights Globe Drive With increased computerization comes growing fear of hacking into cars Report on Business Female entrepreneurs tread into male-dominated world of tech startups More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Sentry, former CEO reach settlement with OSC Arts McMichael Collection names British art historian as new director Most popular The 2016 ‘Sunshine List’: Which Ontario public servants earned more than $100,000? April 1: Your daily horoscope Bombardier chairman requests pay reduction amid public outrage U.S. has trade surplus with Canada, Freeland says The Conservatives’ unease about the ‘whole gay thing’ X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Sign in Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search Saturday, April 1, 2017 Sign in / Join Archives About Ghana Forums Contact Us Radio Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. News Ghana Home News Politics Crime Odd News Announcements Sports Business Finance Investments Stock Market Entertainments Editors’ Pick More Headlines World Developed Economies Emerging Markets Inside Africa Nigeria Breaking News Health Travel Rumor Mill Science Environmental news Technology Opinion Featured Articles Press Releases Special Reports Multimedia News Photos Video Auto Real Estates Jobs Home Headlines I Am Exasperated-Obama Headlines I Am Exasperated-Obama Oct 3, 2013 1 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter tweet US President Barack Obama has warned that Wall Street should be concerned that a conservative faction of Republicans is willing to allow the country to default on its debt. The US government has partially closed after Congress failed to agree a budget and will run out of cash on 17 Octoberunless its debt ceiling is raised. In a TV interview on Wednesday, Obama said he was “exasperated”. He later held talks with Congressional leaders that ended without agreement, reports the BBC. The US government closed non-essential operations on Tuesday after Congress failed to strike a deal on a new budget. Republicans and Democrats are blaming each other for the impasse. The shutdown has left more than 700,000 employees on unpaid leave and closed national parks, tourist sites, government websites, office buildings, and more. However, as one budget crisis raged in Washington DC, another one – potentially more dangerous – loomed in the coming weeks. On 17 October, the US government will run out of cash to pay its bills unless the debt ceiling is raised. On both issues, the Republicans who control the House of Representatives have demanded concessions from Obama and his fellow Democrats in return for funding the government’s continued operation and for raising the debt ceiling. Chiefly, the Republicans demand the repeal, delay or defunding of a healthcare reform law – dubbed Obamacare – passed by the Democrats in 2010. Major portions of that law, which was subsequently validated by the US Supreme Court and was a major issue in the 2012 presidential election, took effect on Tuesday. On Wednesday, Obama met the heads of some of Wall Street’s biggest banks – including JPMorgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Bank of America – to discuss the debt ceiling and other economic issues. The bankers are members of the Financial Services Forum, a lobby group which has, along with 250 other businesses, sent a letter to Congress urging it to raise the debt limit. Following the meeting, Obama told CNBC “it’s important for them to recognise that this is going to have a profound impact on our economy and their bottom lines”. Obama also said he was unwilling to negotiate “with the extremist wing of one party” as the 17 October deadline neared. “The message I have for the [Congressional] leaders is, as soon as we get a clean piece of legislation that reopens the government… until we get that done, until we make sure that Congress allows [the Department of the Treasury] to pay for things that Congress itself already authorised, we are not going to engage in a series of negotiations,” he said. As foreign markets anxiously monitored the US budget crisis, European Central Bank chief Mario Draghi warned that a protracted shutdown was “a risk not only for the US, but also the world economy”. On Wednesday evening Obama met Republican House Speaker John Boehner, as well as Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi at the White House. Boehner later left the talks complaining that the Democrats would not negotiate. Do you have more to share about this story - photos or video etc - you can send them to: (newsghana101@gmail.com) TAGS Danger default Obama WARNS SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleGovt is working assiduously towards surpassing the 2015 NHIS benchmark Next articleMove from just empathising with people dailytimes.com.ng RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Ghana President names new central bank governor Ghana ranked among top NIS countries in West Africa Death toll rises to 11 in Northwest Pakistan market blast, 54 injured 1 COMMENT asia sexkontakte Mar 31, 2017 at 7:17 pm Ungefährt eine halbe Stunde vor der Untersuchung wird der Enddarm mit einem Einlauf gereinigt. LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Please enter your comment! Please enter your name here You have entered an incorrect email address! Please enter your email address here Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. we respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Recent Posts African Business Center Proves Passion Towards Mentorship Nautica Makes Song Available To Public Ghana President names new central bank governor Ghana ranked among top NIS countries in West Africa 10 leftist rebels, 2 soldiers killed in clash in northern Philippines BREAKING NEWS March 31 Asia-Pacific news summary at 0600 GMT March 31 world news summary at 0030 GMT March 27 World News Summary at 0030 GMT March 26 world news summary at 0030 GMT ABOUT USNews Ghana is Ghana’s leading online news publication for business executives in West Africa and around the continent. Tel: +233 244244807 Contact us: newsghana101@gmail.com FOLLOW US Home Advertising About Us About Ghana Contact Us Partners Privacy & Cookies © 2017 News Ghana
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 51 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM APR 1, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 1, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 51 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login United’s 777 cabin stumbles on seat delays By MICHAEL SASSO AND JULIE JOHNSSON Bloomberg News First Published Mar 31 2017 04:57PM    •    Last Updated Mar 31 2017 04:57 pm Single page Share This Article United Airlines faces a new setback in its bid to win back business customers as production snags hinder deliveries of Boeing Co. jetliners outfitted with new luxury seats. "Short delays" are affecting two 777-300ER aircraft with United's Polaris luxury interiors, said Megan McCarthy, a spokeswoman for the airline. United and the planemaker are working with French seatmaker Zodiac Aerospace to expedite shipments, said McCarthy and Doug Alder, a spokesman for Boeing. The stumbles will slow United's efforts to woo international travelers with a rebranding campaign centered on the Polaris cabins, which offer pod-style suites with Zodiac's lie-flat berths. Zodiac, which agreed to be acquired by Safran, has also held back production of Airbus Group's marquee A350 with delays of seats and lavatories. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "It's not just seatless in Seattle, it's seatless in Toulouse," said aviation consultant Robert Mann, referring to the planemakers' manufacturing hubs and a Tom Hanks movie. "It's a serious problem and it's been building." Even delays of a month or two could hurt Chicago-based United if, after a year of marketing build-up, the airline misses a chance to deploy the brand-new 777s on high-profile routes to Asia during the peak summer travel season, Mann said. "You can only make the most money when you have a product in the market at the right time," Mann said. "You are talking consequential damages." Boeing may have to park additional United planes if Zodiac can't provide the complex seats on schedule. For the Chicago-based manufacturer and Airbus, receiving lie-flat seats at the right time is crucial because the products can require extensive rewiring, ductwork changes and reinforced cabin floors. When deliveries run late, planemakers may be forced to remove fittings such as galleys and lavatories so the berths can be installed. It's the latest in a series of production stumbles for Plaisir, France-based Zodiac, which warned this month that fiscal 2017 operating profit would plunge 10 percent. Delays also slowed deliveries of Boeing 787 Dreamliners to customers such as American Airlines Group Inc. over the past two years. At United, Zodiac seats are being installed first on the 777-300ER fleet, then on the carrier's 787-10 and Airbus A350-1000 jets. Existing 767-300 and 777-200 aircraft also will be retrofitted with the cabins. "We're not happy, period," United Chief Executive Oscar Munoz told investors at a JPMorgan Chase event this month. "But rather than just be unhappy, we've got people on site with the folks there to make sure that we can expedite and accelerate as much as we can." Zodiac on March 14 revealed bottlenecks at the Cwmbran, Wales, plant where the Polaris seats are manufactured, as well as problems at U.S. factories that make lavatories for Airbus. The latest production meltdown prompted TCI Fund Management to urge Paris-based Safran to abandon its acquisition of the seatmaker. Zodiac declined to comment on United, a spokeswoman said Thursday. The company said in the March 14 statement that the snags in Wales were "generating significant disruptions and delays that are currently being addressed." The production issues plaguing Zodiac are "probably the worst that the seat-supplier sector has seen in a decade," said Gary Weissel, managing officer with Tronos Aviation Consulting Inc. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES 'Do your job': Crowd boos border wall, health overhaul at Rep. Stewart town hall Roy releases body camera footage of police officers disarming, fatally shooting man with his own gun Utah basketball: Devon Daniels, JoJo Zamora leaving Utes Utah Jazz: Hayward fights through pain, early struggles to help Jazz beat Wizards Draper pulls shelter sites after hundreds protest, boo homeless man ELEVATE 2017’s top six tax questions answered   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Stocks start year strong despite Trump missteps The broad U.S. stock market posted a 5.5% gain in the first three months of the year. Post to Facebook Stocks start year strong despite Trump missteps The broad U.S. stock market posted a 5.5% gain in the first three months of the year.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2nEZngX {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Stocks start year strong despite Trump missteps Adam Shell , USA TODAY 4:56 p.m. ET March 31, 2017 Specialist Meric Greenbaum, center, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Thursday, March 30, 2017. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) (Photo: Richard Drew, AP) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Despite concerns about President Trump's ability to push through his market-friendly economic agenda, investors stuck with stocks at the start of the year, propelling the market to its biggest quarterly gain since the last three months of 2015. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index, a benchmark gauge of large U.S. stocks, gained 5.5% in the first three months of 2017, its best quarter since the final quarter of 2015 and the best start to a year since a 10% gain in 2013. Stocks continued their post-election rally despite Trump's setbacks, including the inability of the Republican-controlled Congress in March to pass a new law to replace Obamacare. That political loss sparked worries that the president's plans to cut corporate taxes, reduce business regulation and get an infrastructure spending plan underway would get delayed or watered down. Those concerns weighed on segments of the stock market that would benefit more from Trump's plans, such as banks and other financial stocks, which declined in March and gained 2.1% in the quarter. Gains in Bank of America shares, which had climbed 17% for the year in early March, shrank to less than 7% by quarter's end. Market's outlook on Trump Still, many investors say it's premature to say that Trump's pro-business moves won't materialize. They still think a tax cut for companies is coming, and that the benefits will trickle down to companies' bottom lines. "The carrot remains tax reform," says Bruce Bittles, chief investment strategist at Baird. "As long as the carrot is out there stocks are not vulnerable." Wall Street bulls also have been emboldened by signs of a global economic pickup and rising confidence readings for both consumers and businesses, says Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. Market optimists still expect the White House to "produce a signature piece of legislation,"  he adds. Still, Quinlan wouldn't rule out fresh political obstacles causing problems for stocks. "Political disappointment and dismay could emerge as headwinds in the second quarter," he says. Tech the quarter's big winner  Technology stocks are the big winner early in 2017. The industry sector, led by iPhone maker Apple, which jumped 24%, rose 12.2% -- or double the performance of the S&P 500. Tech stocks found buyers as the economy downshifted from a 2.1% growth rate in the final three months of 2016 to an estimated 1.4% pace in 2017's first quarter. Tech companies are seen as having the ability to grow their businesses at a rapid clip with or without help from Trump's hoped-for economic stimulus measures. Wall Street will quickly pivot to the next wave of potentially market-moving news when the second quarter kicks off Monday. Related:  Trump urges 'America First' but stock investors should look outside U.S. Small businesses boost benefits, tout quality of life to lure job hunters Money borrowed to buy stocks hits record The March employment report set for release on April 7 will provide a fresh reading on the strength of the job market, following a better-than-expected 235,000 jobs created in February. The first batch of key quarterly earnings reports will occur in mid-April when major banks like Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo report first-quarter results. Overall, earnings of companies in the S&P 500 are expected to have grown 10.2% in the January-thru-March period, up from 8% in the final quarter of 2016, earnings tracker Thomson Reuters says. Investors also will be watching the Federal Reserve in the coming weeks in search of clues as to when the nation's central bank will increase interest rates next. In March, the U.S. central bank boosted short-term rates a quarter-point to a range of 0.75% to 1%. Futures markets are now pricing in just 6% odds of another quarter-point hike at the Fed's May meeting, but the probability jumps closer to 60% at the June meeting, according to CME Group. "The success of stocks in the second quarter will come down to how earnings come in and whether there's progress on Trump's tax plans," says JJ Kinahan, chief strategist at TD Ameritrade. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2nEZngX
null
Skip to main Content Site Search Search Advanced Search Register Member Login Send to a friend Member Login Your Email PasswordForgotten your password? Home News Exchanges Exchange Directory Exchange Holidays Sample Exchanges Handbook Articles Regulators/Associations Publications White Papers FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Exchange Forum You are here: Home Media & Resources News News Centre ISDA Announces Annual Determinations Committees Outcome Press Events News RSS Videos Newsletters About Mondo Visione Vendors Polls Glossary Acronyms FT Trading Room Elsevier and Mondo Visione Media Contacts NYSE Exchanges Blog White Papers Newsletter Subscription Form Newsletter Enter your email address to receive regular updates ISDA Announces Annual Determinations Committees Outcome Date 31/03/2017 The International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) today announced the outcome of an annual process to determine the composition of five regional Determinations Committees (DCs). The DCs are responsible for determining whether a credit event has occurred in the credit derivatives market by comparing publicly available information to the legal conditions set out in the ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions. The process for selecting DC members is specified in the DC rules, and selection takes place on an annual basis. The selected firms (listed below) will serve on the DCs effective April 29, 2017. Voting Dealers (for all regions): Bank of America N.A. Barclays Bank plc BNP Paribas Citibank, N.A. Credit Suisse International Deutsche Bank AG Goldman Sachs International JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Mizuho Securities Co., Ltd. Société Générale Voting Non-Dealers (for all regions): AllianceBernstein L.P. Cyrus Capital Partners, L.P. Citadel LLC Elliott Management Corporation Pacific Investment Management Co., LLC A DC exists in each of the following regions: Americas, Asia excluding Japan, Australia-New Zealand, EMEA (Europe) and Japan. For more information, visit the Determinations Committee website: http://dc.isda.org/. Back to List Publications Handbook Online Exchange Handbook Trading Places World Exchanges Media & Resources Press Events News FTSE Mondo Visione Exchanges Index Glossary Acronyms White Papers Twitter Legal and About Us About Mondo Visione Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap © Mondo Visione 2017 About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Careers Sitemap Back to Top News RSS Site by Red Ant
  Markets Pre-Market Market Movers Dow Jones Live Currencies Live Commodities Live Rates Your Portfolio Stocks Stocks Finder Market Movers Index Constituents Dividends Indices Market Movers Index Constituents Dow Jones Live S&P 500 Live NASDAQ Live Commodities News Commodities Live Gold Oil Copper Currencies News Currencies Live Currency Converter EUR/USD GBP/USD Bitcoin US Dollar Index Mutual Funds News Mutual Funds Finder Mutual Funds Issuers ETFs News ETF Finder ETF Issuers Bonds News Bonds Finder Rates News SIGN IN BUSINESS INSIDER       PORTFOLIO SEARCH Markets Stocks Indices Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds ETFs Bonds News CANCEL DOW 30 6.28 20,669.50     (0.03%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT S&P 500 -1.99 2,360.73     (-0.08%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT NASDAQ 100 1.56 5,437.79     (0.03%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT ESTOXX 50 -16.50 3,484.43     (-0.47%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT DOW 30 6.28 20,669.50     (0.03%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT S&P 500 -1.99 2,360.73     (-0.08%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT NASDAQ 100 1.56 5,437.79     (0.03%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT ESTOXX 50 -16.50 3,484.43     (-0.47%) Official Close 3/31/2017 EDT Goldman Sachs is among the worst performing stocks in the Dow so far this year (GS, JPM) Frank Chaparro Mar. 31, 2017, 03:26 PM Screenshot/CNBC The financial sector gained 26% in the months following the election of Donald Trump on his plans to roll back regulations. The stand out performer in the space was none other than Goldman Sachs, which soared 32% from election night until the end of the year.  However, the momentum in the financial sector began slowing as it appeared Trump might not be able to get things done as quickly as he wanted. The S&P 500 Financial Index fell about 5% during March.   That weighed on Goldman Sachs, which is set to end the first quarter of 2017 in negative territory, down about 4%. The bank is the fifth-worst performing stock in the Dow. Meanwhile, rival JPMorgan fared a bit better, but was still among the worst performers in the Dow. Its stock eked out a gain of about 2%, which is about half of the Dow's gains during the quarter. Other laggards include Intel Corp, which has seen a -0.4%, and energy stocks such as Chevron and Exxon Mobil which lost about 9% apiece.  23 of the 30 companies companies listed on the Dow are in positive territory for the year. Apple led the pack, climbing about 24%, on its way to its best quarter in five years. Other firms in the top 10 include Boeing, Cisco, and Nike. The gained between 9% and 14%. Data for this story were collected at approximately 12:30 PM Eastern time.  Business Insider/ Andy Kiersz, data from Bloomberg. SHARE THIS POST News for Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs is among the worst performing stocks in the Dow so far this year (GS, JPM) Business Insider 12h UPDATE 1-Wall Street lowers Q1 GDP view after weak spending data (JPM, BARC, GS) Reuters 13h Victor Li acquires Canada's Reliance Home Comfort for C$2.8 billion (HSE, BARC, GS, CM, JE, UTX, ECI) Reuters 15h UPDATE 1-Global equity listings start to recover after 2016 slump (BX, TEF, GS, JPM, UCG, DBK) Reuters 15h BRIEF-Sorl Auto Parts reports Q4 EPS $0.43 (SORL, MS, GS, BAC, C) Reuters 21h Global equity listings start to recover after 2016 slump (BX, TEF, GS, JPM, UCG, DBK) Reuters 1d US STOCKS-Wall St higher as bank stocks gain after GDP data (BAC, C, JPM, GS, LULU, COP) Reuters 2d EU mergers and takeovers (March 30) (GS, SGRO, ACA, 6201, LXS, CHMT, HPQ, MAERSK , PGHN, COL, BEAV, LEA, ALV, HEI, CEMEXCPO, SAF, III, RR., BOL, VIV, BNP, FP, KKR, 6752, VOW3, SGRO) Reuters 2d Click here for more news your MARKET VIEW Your Personalized Market Center Related Stocks Goldman Sachs 229.65 -1.44 (-0.62%) 3/31/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time Goldman Sachs charts here >> JPMorgan Chase & 87.83 -1.20 (-1.34%) 3/31/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time JPMorgan Chase & charts here >> JPMorgan Chase & 87.83 -1.20 (-1.34%) 3/31/2017 Disclaimer Get real-time JPMorgan Chase & charts here >> MORE Find News GO Home / Stocks / Goldman Sachs-Quote / News for Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs / Goldman Sachs is among the worst performing stocks in the Dow so far this year (GS, JPM) Follow us Need help? Contact us! Visit our network Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. and finanzen.net GmbH (Imprint). All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service amd Privacy Policy Disclaimer | Commerce Policy | Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK | DE | AUS | ID | IN | MY | SG | PL | SE
Latest News Dow 20,663 -65.27 -0.31% Nasdaq 5,912 -2.61 -0.04% S&P 500 2,363 -5.34 -0.23% 3:00 A.M. ET Every time you buy this glittering bottle of $59 bubbly, 15 starving children get meals 12:01 A.M. ET 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 12:01 A.M. ET Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 3/31 Updated The Moneyologist: Do I now have to tip at fancy fast-food burger restaurants too? 3/31 Updated Dow’s 4,400-point rally in a year and a half has Wall Street debating the stock market’s next move 3/31 Updated This scam plays the ultimate confidence trick on unsuspecting bank customers 3/31 Updated President Trump’s perfect storm — in one (scary) chart 3/31 Updated Lower house prices lead to higher student loan default rates 3/31 Updated Scientists discovered these two colors make office workers more alert and productive 3/31 Mike Flynn: Seeking Immunity From What? 3/31 Updated You can help Big Papi plan his retirement 3/31 Updated The expensive risk lurking in nearly every medical experience you have 3/31 Mylan stock slumps 1.3% after company says voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens 3/31 Updated The massive shift coming in world population, captured in one animation 3/31 Updated This is why baby boomers are divorcing at a stunning rate 3/31 Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' 3/31 Why You Should Get Life Insurance 3/31 Trade-show operator Emerald Expositions files for IPO 3/31 Updated Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author 3/31 Don’t worry Jack Bogle, investors aren’t overtrading ETFs, data show Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Card Industry Celebrates Winners of the Elan Awards at the 27th Annual ICMA EXPO By Published: Mar 31, 2017 1:44 p.m. ET Share Mar 31, 2017 (Marketwired via COMTEX) -- Winners Recognized at ICMA's Global Awards Ceremony ORLANDO, FL--(Marketwired - March 31, 2017) - The International Card Manufacturers Association (ICMA), a global trade association for card manufacturers, personalizers, issuers and suppliers, has announced its winners of the 2017 Élan Awards for Card Manufacturing Excellence. Jeffrey Barnhart, ICMA founder and executive director, revealed the winners at the 27th annual ICMA Card Manufacturing and Personalization EXPO. The conference and tradeshow was held March 27-30 at the Renaissance Orlando in Florida. "As the card industry continues to change with expanding marketplaces, and as new technologies literally continue to revolutionize the way we do business, manufacturers and personalizers are turning the tide with innovative products. For the 20th year, ICMA is proud to recognize the top producers creating the highest quality cards worldwide. Congratulations to all," Barnhart said. In the global arena of world-class cards, the ICMA Élan Awards for Card Manufacturing Excellence celebrates the pinnacle of design innovation, security, and technical achievements in the industry by leading manufacturers from around the globe. Winners of this prestigious competition tap the power of industry recognition and promotional opportunity. For more than 27 years, the ICMA EXPO has served as a fusion meeting place for industry professionals to connect, network and discuss changing technologies, developments and products. ICMA honors its members' world class achievements in both card design and technology innovation through its Élan Awards. After Barnhart announced each respective winner, ICMA board president Keith Yeates, of Bristol ID Technologies, presented the individual awards to each honoree. The 2017 winners and finalists include: Best Supplier/Vendor New Product, Service or Innovation: First Finalist: Matica Technologies for the Instant Issuance Bankcards at 600 DPI for Problem Solved, Inc. Winner: H.W. Sands Corp. for the H.W. Sands Colorshift Inks Best Personalization & Fulfillment (P&F) Product, Service or Project: First Finalist: Plasticard-Locktech International for the Starbucks Mother's Day Holiday Bundle for Starbucks Second Finalist: Placard Pty Ltd for the Virgin Platinum Velocity Global Wallet Welcome Pack for Cuscal Limited Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Holiday Special Edition My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks MANUFACTURING EXCELLENCE AWARDS The first category is Loyalty, Promotional and Gift Cards: First Finalist: Pure Continental Ltd for the Nike Metal Gift Card for Nike, Inc. Second Finalist: Goldpac Limited for the Yunjin My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks Winner: CompoSecure LLC for the Starbucks for Life Card for Starbucks The second category is ID and Access Control Cards: First Finalist: Variuscard GmbH for the Congo School Identity Photo Card for Ministry of Education Congo Second Finalist: ABCorp for the Bahamas Driver's License for DataTorque Winner: Gemalto AG for the Maryland Driver License and Identification Card for Maryland DMV Unique Innovation: First Finalist: CompoSecure LLC along with personalization partner Goldpac Limited for the China Industrial Bank "Cang Ka" Metal Card for Goldpac/China Industrial Bank Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the American Express Platinum with Dual Interface Technology for American Express Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Goddess of Wood Grain Card for the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Best Secure Payment Card, final manufacturing category: First Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the Chase Sapphire Reserve for JPMorgan Chase Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC with personalization partner Goldpac Limited for the Hua Xia Elite - Priority Platinum Credit Card for Goldpac/Hua Xia Bank Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Global Credit Card for the Bank of Communications The People's Choice Award, based on the ballots as cast by ICMA EXPO delegates: First Finalist: Goldpac Limited for the Yunjin My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the Starbucks for Life Card for Starbucks Winner: Variuscard GmbH for the Congo School Identity Photo Card for Ministry of Education Congo The judging criteria for the winners are based on three categories: card manufacturing, personalization and fulfillment and suppliers. The 2017 judges included ICMA Standards Representative David Tushie of Magellan Consulting; Brian Summerhayes of Barnes International; and Thies Janczek of COCASO. The global card industry generated $19.8 billion in revenues in 2016, equating to the production of 35.4 billion cards worldwide and representing a 0.8 percent increase compared to 2015. Last year, the industry earned $19.2 billion USD in the manufacturing of cards, which is 3.1 percent more than earned in 2015. To learn more about the benefits of ICMA membership, visit www.icma.com. About ICMA Based in Princeton Junction, New Jersey, ICMA is a nonprofit association of card manufacturers, personalizers, suppliers and related industry participants. With 225 members globally, ICMA acts as a resource for industry issues, including the production, technology, application, security and environmental issues of cards. More information is available at www.icma.com. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/30/11G134617/Images/CMA_pic-747ba6b07e188a9f8c628bed11332175.jpg Jen Samuel communications manager jsamuel@cmasolutions.com 484-868-8405 (cell) © 2017 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Most Popular Baby boomers ruined America, according to this Generation X author Dow’s 4,400-point rally in a year and a half has Wall Street debating the stock market’s next move My father left his home to his kids — my stepmother sold it for $1 million The Dow is about to do something it hasn't done in 10 years Can employers solve the student-loan crisis? MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Creative Marketing Alliance (CMA) March 31, 2017 13:43 ET Card Industry Celebrates Winners of the Elan Awards at the 27th Annual ICMA EXPO Winners Recognized at ICMA's Global Awards Ceremony ORLANDO, FL--(Marketwired - March 31, 2017) - The International Card Manufacturers Association (ICMA), a global trade association for card manufacturers, personalizers, issuers and suppliers, has announced its winners of the 2017 Élan Awards for Card Manufacturing Excellence. Jeffrey Barnhart, ICMA founder and executive director, revealed the winners at the 27th annual ICMA Card Manufacturing and Personalization EXPO. The conference and tradeshow was held March 27-30 at the Renaissance Orlando in Florida. "As the card industry continues to change with expanding marketplaces, and as new technologies literally continue to revolutionize the way we do business, manufacturers and personalizers are turning the tide with innovative products. For the 20th year, ICMA is proud to recognize the top producers creating the highest quality cards worldwide. Congratulations to all," Barnhart said. In the global arena of world-class cards, the ICMA Élan Awards for Card Manufacturing Excellence celebrates the pinnacle of design innovation, security, and technical achievements in the industry by leading manufacturers from around the globe. Winners of this prestigious competition tap the power of industry recognition and promotional opportunity. For more than 27 years, the ICMA EXPO has served as a fusion meeting place for industry professionals to connect, network and discuss changing technologies, developments and products. ICMA honors its members' world class achievements in both card design and technology innovation through its Élan Awards. After Barnhart announced each respective winner, ICMA board president Keith Yeates, of Bristol ID Technologies, presented the individual awards to each honoree. The 2017 winners and finalists include: Best Supplier/Vendor New Product, Service or Innovation: First Finalist: Matica Technologies for the Instant Issuance Bankcards at 600 DPI for Problem Solved, Inc. Winner: H.W. Sands Corp. for the H.W. Sands Colorshift Inks Best Personalization & Fulfillment (P&F) Product, Service or Project: First Finalist: Plasticard-Locktech International for the Starbucks Mother's Day Holiday Bundle for Starbucks Second Finalist: Placard Pty Ltd for the Virgin Platinum Velocity Global Wallet Welcome Pack for Cuscal Limited Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Holiday Special Edition My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks MANUFACTURING EXCELLENCE AWARDS The first category is Loyalty, Promotional and Gift Cards: First Finalist: Pure Continental Ltd for the Nike Metal Gift Card for Nike, Inc. Second Finalist: Goldpac Limited for the Yunjin My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks Winner: CompoSecure LLC for the Starbucks for Life Card for Starbucks The second category is ID and Access Control Cards: First Finalist: Variuscard GmbH for the Congo School Identity Photo Card for Ministry of Education Congo Second Finalist: ABCorp for the Bahamas Driver's License for DataTorque Winner: Gemalto AG for the Maryland Driver License and Identification Card for Maryland DMV Unique Innovation: First Finalist: CompoSecure LLC along with personalization partner Goldpac Limited for the China Industrial Bank "Cang Ka" Metal Card for Goldpac/China Industrial Bank Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the American Express Platinum with Dual Interface Technology for American Express Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Goddess of Wood Grain Card for the Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Best Secure Payment Card, final manufacturing category: First Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the Chase Sapphire Reserve for JPMorgan Chase Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC with personalization partner Goldpac Limited for the Hua Xia Elite - Priority Platinum Credit Card for Goldpac/Hua Xia Bank Winner: Goldpac Limited for the Global Credit Card for the Bank of Communications The People's Choice Award, based on the ballots as cast by ICMA EXPO delegates: First Finalist: Goldpac Limited for the Yunjin My Starbucks Rewards Card for Starbucks Second Finalist: CompoSecure LLC for the Starbucks for Life Card for Starbucks Winner: Variuscard GmbH for the Congo School Identity Photo Card for Ministry of Education Congo The judging criteria for the winners are based on three categories: card manufacturing, personalization and fulfillment and suppliers. The 2017 judges included ICMA Standards Representative David Tushie of Magellan Consulting; Brian Summerhayes of Barnes International; and Thies Janczek of COCASO. The global card industry generated $19.8 billion in revenues in 2016, equating to the production of 35.4 billion cards worldwide and representing a 0.8 percent increase compared to 2015. Last year, the industry earned $19.2 billion USD in the manufacturing of cards, which is 3.1 percent more than earned in 2015. To learn more about the benefits of ICMA membership, visit www.icma.com. About ICMA Based in Princeton Junction, New Jersey, ICMA is a nonprofit association of card manufacturers, personalizers, suppliers and related industry participants. With 225 members globally, ICMA acts as a resource for industry issues, including the production, technology, application, security and environmental issues of cards. More information is available at www.icma.com. Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/3/30/11G134617/Images/CMA_pic-747ba6b07e188a9f8c628bed11332175.jpg Contact Information Jen Samuel communications manager jsamuel@cmasolutions.com 484-868-8405 (cell) Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Creative Marketing Alliance (CMA) From this industry Education and Training Food and Beverage Manufacturing and Production From this sub-industry Education Aids and Products Schools and Courses, Colleges/Universities Training/Online Retailers Machinery and Tools See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Keith Yeates, board president of the International Card Manufacturers Association, celebrates Variuscard GmbH with CEO Michael Dorner and Alexandra Erben, operations executive, for winning the People's Choice Award during the 2017 Élan Awards for Card Manufacturing Excellence on March 29 in Orlando, Florida. The Austrian-based company won in recognition of its Congo School Identity Photo Card created for the Ministry of Education Congo. View Image   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Trade Desk Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Anticipate BankFinancial Co. (BFIN) to Announce $0.11 Earnings Per Share Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Major Shareholder Harbor Master Investors Hadley Sells 161,400 Shares Workday Inc (WDAY) Director Michael A. Stankey Sells 78,600 Shares CO2 Solutions Inc (CST) Director Purchases C$15,000.00 in Stock Abattis Bioceuticals Corp (ATT) Director Sells C$18,000.00 in Stock Peel Hunt Reaffirms “Add” Rating for Fuller, Smith & Turner plc (FSTA) GLI Finance Ltd (GLIF) Research Coverage Started at Liberum Capital GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Earns Underperform Rating from BNP Paribas Calian Group Ltd (CGY) Insider Patrick Joseph Thera Sells 900 Shares Contrarius Investment Manageme Sells 2,400 Shares of McClatchy Co (MNI) Stock HNI Corp (HNI) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research International Flavors & Fragrances Inc (IFF) Price Target Raised to $127.00 Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Raised to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Illinois Tool Works Inc. (ITW) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages Shenandoah Telecommunications Company (SHEN) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Veolia Environnement SA (VEOEY) to Sell Wolseley plc (WOSYY) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Merit Medical Systems’ (MMSI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Canaccord Genuity Finish Line Inc (FINL) Price Target Lowered to $14.00 at Credit Suisse Group AG Foxtons Group Plc Unspon (FXTGY) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Major Shareholder Harbor Master Investors Hadley Sells 161,400 Shares March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Trade Desk Inc (NASDAQ:TTD) major shareholder Harbor Master Investors Hadley sold 161,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.48, for a total transaction of $6,049,272.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Major shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s shares are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Trade Desk Inc (NASDAQ:TTD) traded up 2.04% during trading on Friday, hitting $37.48. 215,322 shares of the stock traded hands. The company’s 50 day moving average is $37.99 and its 200 day moving average is $30.42. Trade Desk Inc has a one year low of $22.00 and a one year high of $46.21. The company’s market capitalization is $1.47 billion. Trade Desk (NASDAQ:TTD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, February 16th. The company reported $0.33 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.23 by $0.10. The business earned $72.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $62.12 million. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 69.6% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Trade Desk Inc will post $0.83 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Major Shareholder Harbor Master Investors Hadley Sells 161,400 Shares” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/trade-desk-inc-ttd-major-shareholder-harbor-master-investors-hadley-sells-161400-shares.html. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Gilder Gagnon Howe & Co. LLC acquired a new position in shares of Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $446,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $1,682,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. acquired a new position in shares of Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $20,336,000. Monashee Investment Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $847,000. Finally, Citadel Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Trade Desk during the third quarter valued at $1,690,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 53.22% of the company’s stock. Several research firms have recently commented on TTD. Vetr upgraded shares of Trade Desk from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock in a report on Thursday. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Trade Desk from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, March 10th. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price target on shares of Trade Desk from $32.00 to $48.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Cantor Fitzgerald cut shares of Trade Desk from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $40.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Thursday, March 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada restated a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of Trade Desk in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $37.33. About Trade Desk The Trade Desk, Inc is a technology company. The Company provides a self-service platform that enables clients to purchase and manage digital advertising campaigns across various advertising formats, including display, video and social, and on a range of devices, including computers, mobile devices and connected television. Receive News & Ratings for Trade Desk Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Trade Desk Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More By Jon C. Ogg March 31, 2017 8:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet Stocks were indicated marginally lower on Friday ahead of several economic reports. This was the last day of the quarter, and the Dow was up 5.4% and the S&P 500 was up 6.1% so far in 2017. Investors have continued to prove for more than five years that they want to buy market pullbacks, even now the bull market is more than eight years old. Investors are also still looking for new trading and investing ideas. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst research reports each day of the week in an effort to find new ideas for our readers. Some analyst reports cover stocks to buy, and some cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Color has been added on many of the following calls, and the consensus analyst price targets referenced are from Thomson Reuters. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Friday, March 31, 2017. Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings Inc. (NYSE: AJRD) was started as Buy and assigned a $28 price target (versus a $21.50 prior close) at Jefferies. This is a very lightly followed defense and rocket play, and Jefferies feels that Aerojet Rocketdyne is a unique enterprise, with sole source positions on key missile defense systems, tactical munitions and human space exploration programs. The firm believes that the core technologies can be leveraged to win new space and defense programs for double-digit earnings growth ahead. Alcoa Corp. (NYSE: AA) was upgraded to Outperform from Market Perform and the price target was raised to $45 from $35 (versus a $33.49 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Alcoa has a 52-week trading range of $20.00 to $39.78 and a consensus analyst price target of $42.40. Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) was started with a Buy rating and assigned a $1,100 price target at Loop Capital. It was given a similar upside target at Barclays this week as well. Shares closed at $876.34, in a 52-week range of $585.25 to $877.06. The consensus target price is $948.61. ArcelorMittal S.A. (NYSE: MT) was raised to Overweight from Neutral at JPMorgan in an overseas call. Its American depositary shares (ADSs) closed at $8.40 on Thursday and were indicated up 0.5% at $8.44 on Friday. The 52-week range is $4.18 to $9.37, and the consensus price target is $10.47. Corning Inc. (NYSE: GLW) was downgraded to Neutral from Buy at Citigroup. The stock closed up 0.3% at $27.56 on Thursday but was indicated down 0.6% at $27.39 on Friday. Corning’s consensus target price is $26.93 and its 52-week range is $18.21 to $28.36. Intel Corp. (NASDAQ: INTC) was started with an Outperform rating and assigned a $40 price target (versus a $35.75 close) at Macquarie. Intel has a 52-week range of $29.50 to $38.45 and a consensus analyst target of $40.03. Vale S.A. (NYSE: VALE) was raised to Market Perform from Underperform and the price target was raised to $10 from $7 (versus a $9.54 close) at BMO Capital Markets. Vale’s ADSs have a 52-week range of $3.85 to $11.70, and the consensus target price is $10.30. Follow @Jonogg on Twitter to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your feed. Other top analyst calls were seen in the following: Pages: 1/2 « Infrastructure Build-Out and Energy Recovery Huge for 5 Top Steel Stocks IBM Begins Firings at North Carolina Site » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), Alkermes, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALKS), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NYSE:AMD), Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Avago Technologies (NASDAQ:AVGO), Corning (NYSE:GLW), HUBS, Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (NASDAQ:MRVL), ArcelorMittal (NYSE:MT), NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Owens Corning (NYSE:OC), Quintiles Transitional Holding... (NYSE:Q), Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), Texas Instruments, Inc. (NASDAQ:TXN), Companhia Vale Ads (NYSE:VALE), Xilinx, Inc. (NASDAQ:XLNX) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Acacia Research Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Research Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Intel (INTC) Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Biogen’s (BIIB) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Cantor Fitzgerald FBR & Co Lowers Finish Line Inc (FINL) Price Target to $22.00 Maxim Group Analysts Give Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) a $4.00 Price Target Piper Jaffray Companies Reaffirms “Positive” Rating for Cara Therapeutics Inc (CARA) Qiagen NV (QGEN) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives “Buy” Rating from Liberum Capital Marine Products Corp. (MPX) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research RH Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share (RH) Paychex, Inc. (PAYX) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Analysts SunTrust Banks Weighs in on Brown & Brown, Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (BRO) Nomura Cuts Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Price Target to $925.00 Zacks Investment Research Lowers Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (DLB) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Callaway Golf Co (ELY) to Sell Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Reaffirms Hold Rating for HCI Group Inc (HCI) Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Research Coverage Started at Needham & Company LLC TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Discover Financial Services (DFS) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Acacia Research Corp (NASDAQ:ACTG) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Monday. According to Zacks, “Acacia Research Corporation, through its subsidiaries, develops, acquires, and licenses patented technologies. It assists patent owners with the prosecution and development of their patent portfolios, protection of their patented inventions from unauthorized use, generation of licensing revenue from users of their patented technologies and enforcement against unauthorized users of their patented technologies. Acacia Research Corporation is based in Newport Beach, California. “ Acacia Research Corp (NASDAQ:ACTG) opened at 5.55 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is $280.09 million. Acacia Research Corp has a 12 month low of $3.64 and a 12 month high of $7.68. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $5.64 and a 200 day moving average price of $6.20. Acacia Research Corp (NASDAQ:ACTG) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, March 9th. The company reported $0.02 EPS for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.06. Acacia Research Corp had a negative net margin of 94.19% and a positive return on equity of 9.53%. The firm had revenue of $22 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $24 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $0.09 earnings per share. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 41.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts anticipate that Acacia Research Corp will post $0.50 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/acacia-research-corp-actg-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In other news, Director Frank E. Walsh III purchased 7,335 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, March 14th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $5.05 per share, with a total value of $37,041.75. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now owns 322,197 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,627,094.85. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Director Frank E. Walsh III purchased 44,765 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, March 13th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of $5.09 per share, for a total transaction of $227,853.85. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 270,097 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,374,793.73. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 2.81% of the company’s stock. Several hedge funds have recently made changes to their positions in ACTG. Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its stake in shares of Acacia Research Corp by 14.0% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 3,401,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $22,112,000 after buying an additional 418,500 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Acacia Research Corp by 2,208.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,695,035 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,572,000 after buying an additional 2,578,313 shares during the last quarter. CWM LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Acacia Research Corp during the third quarter worth approximately $14,265,000. State Street Corp raised its stake in shares of Acacia Research Corp by 4.2% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 850,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,526,000 after buying an additional 34,165 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP raised its stake in shares of Acacia Research Corp by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 831,637 shares of the company’s stock worth $5,406,000 after buying an additional 17,122 shares during the last quarter. 76.59% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Acacia Research Corp Acacia Research Corporation, through its subsidiaries, is engaged in patent investment, prosecution, licensing and enforcement activities. The Company’s subsidiaries partner with inventors and patent owners for patented inventions. The Company operates in patent licensing and enforcement business segment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Acacia Research Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acacia Research Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Land Securities Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Owens Corning (OC) Stock Rating Upgraded by Wedbush Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Insider Acquires £62,520 in Stock Ryan J. Morris Purchases 21,651 Shares of InfuSystem Holdings Inc (INFU) Stock Jonathan Ilany Buys 26,449 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock Fredric J. Tomczyk Buys 5,000 Shares of Liberty Property Trust (LPT) Stock Allan Jay Collins Sells 100,000 Shares of Banyan Gold Corp (BYN) Stock Baidu Inc (BIDU) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Brian E. Brown Sells 2,196 Shares of Ellie Mae Inc (ELLI) Stock Camping World Holdings’ (CWH) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Forward View Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Paragon Group of Companies PLC (PAG) Keywords Studios PLC’s (KWS) Buy Rating Reiterated at FinnCap Macquarie Reaffirms “Outperform” Rating for Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Charles Taylor PLC (CTR) Rating Reiterated by Peel Hunt Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Brokerages 58.com Inc (WUBA) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages Snap Inc (SNAP) Earns Sell Rating from Moffett Nathanson Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Robert Bruce Hodgins Purchases 2,000 Shares of Enerplus Corp (ERF) Stock Ibstock plc (IBST) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Land Securities Group plc (LAND) Insider Acquires £62,520 in Stock March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) insider Martin F. Greenslade acquired 6,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 1,042 ($13.10) per share, for a total transaction of £62,520 ($78,572.33). Shares of Land Securities Group plc (LON:LAND) opened at 1039.00 on Friday. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 8.21 billion. Land Securities Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 810.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,211.00. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 1,049.84 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 1,020.75. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 9th will be issued a GBX 8.95 ($0.11) dividend. This represents a dividend yield of 0.87%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, March 9th. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/land-securities-group-plc-land-insider-acquires-62520-in-stock.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 950 ($11.94) price objective on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a GBX 1,250 ($15.71) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Thursday, February 16th. Liberum Capital reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 950 ($11.94) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Friday, March 24th. BNP Paribas reiterated an “underperform” rating and issued a GBX 1,100 ($13.82) price target on shares of Land Securities Group plc in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Finally, Canaccord Genuity downgraded shares of Land Securities Group plc to a “hold” rating and reduced their price target for the company from GBX 1,115 ($14.01) to GBX 1,075 ($13.51) in a report on Friday, February 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 1,082.43 ($13.60). About Land Securities Group plc Land Securities Group PLC is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company operates through two segments: Retail Portfolio and the London Portfolio. The Company’s Retail Portfolio includes all the shopping centers and shops (excluding central London shops), hotels and leisure assets, and retail warehouse properties. Receive News & Ratings for Land Securities Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Land Securities Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Trump Advisor Michael Flynn Seeking Immunity Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Weekday Trader Corporate Earnings Set For Grand Slam Quarter Opening day is almost here and S&P 500 firms look like they will belt out their best earnings since 2011. By Johanna Bennett Biography March 31, 2017 7:38 a.m. ET As we near opening day, it appears that first-quarter earnings will knock the ball out of the park, delivering some of the best numbers in years. Earnings season kicks off in earnest the week of April 10, when Citigroup (ticker: C), JPMorgan Chase (JPM) and Wells Fargo (WFC) unveil quarterly results. First-quarter operating income by S&P 500 companies is expected to climb 9.1% — the fastest pace since the fourth quarter of 2011 — with per share profits totaling $29.51, according to FactSet Research. It should mark the... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Dear T-Mobile: You’re Not That Funny Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Tesla: Why a Bare Bones Model 3 Could Be Smart Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Intel, With a 3% Dividend Yield, Can Rise By 30% Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Watch Out Adidas! Here Comes Under Armour Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. CSX Is on the Right Track: How Investors Can Profit Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Buy High-Quality MLPs for Income and Stability 2 3 MLPs Offering Growth and Yield 3 Why You Should Get Life Insurance Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance TTM Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $684,000 Position in Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $769,000 Stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) Sturm Ruger & Company Inc (RGR) Position Raised by USA Financial Portformulas Corp PPG Industries, Inc. (PPG) Stake Held by Becker Capital Management Inc. Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Invests $665,000 in J C Penney Company Inc (JCP) Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Position Maintained by Becker Capital Management Inc. Becker Capital Management Inc. Holds Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) 17,500 Shares in RSP Permian Inc (RSPP) Acquired by Hudson Bay Capital Management LP Tax Systems PLC (TAX) Given “Corporate” Rating at FinnCap Dicerna Pharmaceuticals Inc (DRNA) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results China Automotive Systems, Inc. (CAAS) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Misses Expectations By $0.01 EPS Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Posts Earnings Results Aldeyra Therapeutics Inc (ALDX) Releases Earnings Results Searle & CO. Takes Position in NetEase Inc (NTES) Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Position Raised by Highbridge Capital Management LLC BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Position Increased by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Searle & CO. Acquires New Position in Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Purchases New Position in Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Kentucky Retirement Systems Insurance Trust Fund Invests $1,028,000 in McKesson Co. (MCK) Kentucky Retirement Systems Buys New Position in Public Storage (PSA) USA Financial Portformulas Corp Has $769,000 Stake in TTM Technologies, Inc. (TTMI) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet USA Financial Portformulas Corp increased its position in TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) by 32.2% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 56,419 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 13,742 shares during the period. USA Financial Portformulas Corp’s holdings in TTM Technologies were worth $769,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First Mercantile Trust Co. bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $193,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in TTM Technologies by 0.9% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 45,402 shares of the company’s stock worth $520,000 after buying an additional 400 shares in the last quarter. MSI Financial Services Inc bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $103,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $667,000. Finally, New Century Investment Management Inc. bought a new position in TTM Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $1,257,000. 80.99% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI) opened at 16.23 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $16.29 and a 200-day moving average of $13.93. The stock has a market cap of $1.63 billion, a PE ratio of 47.74 and a beta of 1.39. TTM Technologies, Inc. has a 52 week low of $6.22 and a 52 week high of $17.86. TTM Technologies (NASDAQ:TTMI) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, February 8th. The company reported $0.58 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.45 by $0.13. TTM Technologies had a net margin of 1.38% and a return on equity of 15.90%. The company had revenue of $706.50 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $671.57 million. During the same quarter last year, the business earned $0.31 EPS. The firm’s revenue was up 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that TTM Technologies, Inc. will post $1.60 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/usa-financial-portformulas-corp-has-769000-stake-in-ttm-technologies-inc-ttmi.html. TTMI has been the subject of a number of research reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of TTM Technologies from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Needham & Company LLC boosted their price target on shares of TTM Technologies from $14.00 to $18.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price target on shares of TTM Technologies from $15.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. cut shares of TTM Technologies from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $18.00 price target for the company. in a research note on Friday, February 17th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of TTM Technologies from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. TTM Technologies has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.25. In other TTM Technologies news, Director Kenton K. Alder sold 3,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $17.43, for a total transaction of $52,290.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, insider Douglas L. Soder sold 38,685 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, March 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.95, for a total transaction of $617,025.75. Following the sale, the insider now owns 122,189 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,948,914.55. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 4,140,348 shares of company stock worth $65,079,738. 28.40% of the stock is owned by company insiders. TTM Technologies Company Profile TTM Technologies, Inc is a manufacturer of printed circuit board (PCB) products and is focused on technologically advanced PCBs and electro-mechanical solutions (E-M Solutions). As of January 2, 2017, the Company operated a total of 25 specialized facilities in North America and China. The Company’s segments include PCB, E-M Solutions and Corporate. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTMI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for TTM Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:TTMI). Receive News & Ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for TTM Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 March 2017 by Military News Park-Ohio Industries, Inc. Launches Cash Tender Offer and Consent Solicitation for Its Outstanding Senior Notes Due 2021 CLEVELAND, OHIO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Park-Ohio Industries, Inc., a subsidiary of Park-Ohio Holdings Corp. (NASDAQ: PKOH), announced today that it is commencing a cash tender offer and intends to purchase any and all of its outstanding $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 8.125% senior notes due 2021 (CUSIP No. 700677 AN7) (the “Notes”). The tender offer is being made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement and a related Letter of Transmittal and Consent, dated March 31, 2017. The tender offer is scheduled to expire at midnight, New York City time, at the end of April 27, 2017, unless extended or earlier terminated (the “Expiration Date”). In conjunction with the tender offer, Park-Ohio Industries will be soliciting consents to proposed amendments to the indenture governing the Notes. The amendments would eliminate substantially all restrictive covenants and certain events of default, would allow for a shorter period, as acceptable to the Trustee, in which we are required to give notice to Trustee of a redemption and would shorten the minimum period required to deliver notice of redemption of the Notes to holders to three business days. Holders that tender their Notes will be required to consent to the proposed amendments, and holders that consent to the proposed amendments will be required to tender their Notes. Tenders of Notes may be validly withdrawn and consents may be validly revoked at any time prior to 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 13, 2017 (the “Withdrawal Deadline”). Tenders of Notes and deliveries of consents made after the Withdrawal Deadline may not be validly withdrawn or revoked except in the limited circumstances described in the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement. Holders who validly tender their Notes and deliver their consents to the proposed amendments to the indenture governing the Notes before 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on April 13, 2017, unless extended (the “Early Tender Deadline”), will be eligible to receive the Total Consideration (as defined below). Holders that validly tender Notes prior to the Early Tender Deadline and have their Notes accepted for purchase are expected to receive payment of the Total Consideration promptly following the Early Tender Deadline on the initial payment date (the “Initial Payment Date”). The Initial Payment Date is currently expected to occur on April 14, 2017. The “Total Consideration” offered is an amount, paid in cash, equal to $1,032.08 for each $1,000 principal amount of the Notes validly tendered and accepted for purchase, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. The Total Consideration includes an early tender premium (the “Early Tender Premium”) of $30.00 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes accepted for purchase that were validly tendered and not withdrawn prior to the Early Tender Deadline. Holders that tender their Notes after the Early Tender Deadline but prior to the Expiration Date will be eligible to receive $1,002.08 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes validly tendered and accepted for payment, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the settlement date. The settlement date for Notes accepted for purchase that were validly tendered on or after the Early Tender Deadline but before the Expiration Date, is currently expected to occur on April 28, 2017. Park-Ohio Industries intends to finance the tender offer and pay the early tender premium and related fees and expenses with a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of new long-term debt. The tender offer is conditioned upon the financing of the new long-term debt issuance on terms and conditions satisfactory to Park-Ohio Industries and the entry into a supplemental indenture that will implement the proposed amendments, as well as other general conditions. The exact terms and conditions of the tender offer and consent solicitation are specified in, and qualified in their entirety by, the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement and related materials that are being distributed to holders of the Notes. To the extent that any Notes are not validly tendered in the tender offer, the Company intends to redeem such pursuant to the redemption and satisfaction and discharge provisions of the indenture governing the Notes at a redemption price equal to 102.708% of the principal amount redeemed thereby, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the redemption date. The Company intends to deliver an irrevocable notice of redemption to the trustee at the completion of the notes offering that is expected to be part of the debt financing. However, no assurance can be given that such untendered Notes will be redeemed as contemplated or at all. Park-Ohio Industries has retained Barclays Capital Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to serve as the Dealer Managers for the tender offer. Questions regarding the tender offer may be directed to Barclays Capital Inc. at (800) 438-3242 (toll free) or (212) 528-7581 (collect) and to J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at (800) 270-3994 (toll free) and (212) 270-5613 (collect). Requests for documents may be directed to Global Bondholder Services Corporation, the Information Agent for the tender offer, and banks and brokers can call collect at (212) 430-3775/3779, all others can call toll free at (866) 470-3800. This press release is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of consents, which may be made only pursuant to the terms of the Offer to Purchase and Consent Solicitation Statement and related materials and in accordance with applicable securities laws. This press release shall not constitute a notice of redemption of the Notes. This press release contains forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the ability to satisfy the conditions to consummate the tender offer or to receive the requisite consents to amend the indenture governing the Notes. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. These and other risks and assumptions are described in the Park-Ohio Industries’ reports that are available from the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. Park-Ohio Industries assumes no obligation to update the information in this release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Snapchat, Google, and Nestle Waters to Speak at Merkle’s Annual Digital Marketer Summit Next PostNext Global Mobile Application Testing Services Market 2017-2021 – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts MedMira Reports FY2017 Second Quarter Results Genius Brands International, Inc. Announces 2016 Financial Results and Business Update Chicory Global Market Segmentation, Growth Drivers , Challenges, Key Players, Scope, Context and Forecast 2021 Celebration to honor 9-1-1 calltakers and emergency dispatch personnel Kentuckys new leadership tries to pull it back from the pension cliff Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Betting on two stocks for trading on Monday: Kunal Bothra Market to remain expensive in next month or so: Pankaj Sharma Buoyed by BJP's UP win, forex reserves jump $1.1 billion to $368 billion Wall Street Week Ahead - Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Gold posts best quarter in a year amid political uncertainty Oil caps biggest weekly gain in 2017 as OPEC eyes deal extension Sebi probing Lanco Infra's share issue to IDFC Bank Is real estate past the bad patch? Slew of govt measures promises turnaround Demonetisation has not derailed NPA resolution but it has to be tackled urgently: KV Kamath Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 04:05 PM | 31 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,620-26.92 NIFTY 50 9,1740.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,451-91.0 USD/INR 64.85-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex snaps 3-day winning streak; Nifty ends flat Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW JP Morgan Mutual Fund agrees to pay Sebi nearly Rs 92 lakh By ET Bureau | Updated: Mar 31, 2017, 05.15 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Securities and Exchange Board of India | mutual fund | Legal | JP Morgan Mutual Fund Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 MUMBAI: The Securities and Exchange Board of India has settled legal proceedings against JP Morgan Mutual Fund after the fund house agreed to pay Rs 91.80 lakh as settlement charges for not complying with certain provisions of mutual fund regulations. The regulator alleged that the fund house had launched a particular scheme after the expiry of the scheme information document. Besides, the offer document contained misleading and incorrect scheme name and even units that were allotted to the investors were under the incorrect scheme name. Sebi has also passed consent order on JP Morgan Asset Management India and JP Morgan Mutual Fund India after they agreed to pay Rs 91.80 lakh each as settlement charges for violating certain provisions of the mutual fund regulations. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 20 Celebs You Might Not Know Are Twins Trend Chaser The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter 11 Beautiful Places In The World Where Homes Cost As Littl.. SmartTravel.Tips $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage READ MORE ON » Securities and Exchange Board of India | mutual fund | Legal | JP Morgan Mutual Fund To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Inside Porinju Veliyath’s portfolio: Top stocks that helped this maverick make 42% return Porinju Veliyath buys over 2 lakh shares in this smallcap firm; should you buy too? Rupee set for best first quarter since 1975, all thanks to foreign flows India as a theme is a huge opportunity, but it’s a heaven for midcap stockpickings: Porinju Veliyath Property prices down 5-7%, but realty stocks should take off on RERA, GST More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States What Analysts Are Saying About Snap After the Quiet Period By Chris Lange March 27, 2017 12:45 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) has been a source of contention since the company had its initial public offering (IPO) in early March. Many market analysts have argued that there is not an efficient way to evaluate this company and as such most of the price targets have been weak, until now. The quiet period is over for the investment houses underwriting the IPO and — not surprisingly — they were very bullish on Snap. This many analysts covering the IPO and taking positive stances on the stock calls into question whether these firms really have Chinese walls — meaning if their brokerage operations are truly separate from their corporate advisory operations. Keep in mind that a majority of the firms issuing calls prior to the end of the silent period were more bearish on the stock. Either way, it appears the analysts have spoken and a majority issuing calls were positive on the stock. No less than eight analysts initiated coverage of Snap, according to FactSet, with five of them giving the company the equivalent of Buy ratings and three placing Hold ratings, with price targets ranging from $23 to $31. That brings the average rating of the 25 analysts surveyed by FactSet to Hold and the average price target to $23.27. Credit Suisse initiated coverage with an Outperform rating with a price target of $30. The brokerage firm went on to say: While we freely concede that SNAP shares remain a concept stock with an investment thesis we expect to play out over the coming fiveplus years, we should receive signals every quarter of its monetization ramp progress. We believe Snap shares will be one of the most volatile in our coverage given its nascent state and high valuation. A few other analysts commented after the silent period as well: Merrill Lynch started Snap with a Neutral rating. Cowen initiated it with an Outperform rating with a $26 price target. Deutsche Bank started it with a Buy rating and a $30 price target. Goldman Sachs has a Buy rating and a $27 price target. Jefferies started it with a Buy rating and a $30 price target. JPMorgan initiated coverage with a Neutral rating and a $24 price target. Morgan Stanley has an Overweight rating with a $28 price target. RBC starts initiated an Outperform rating with a $31 price target. Stifel has a Hold rating and a $24 price target. Prior to the end of the silent period, analysts sounded more like this: Nomura has a Reduce rating with a $16 price target. FBN Securities has a Hold rating with a $23 price target. Cantor Fitzgerald has an Underweight rating with an $18 price target. Needham has an Underperform rating. Mizuho has a Neutral rating with a $20 price target. Susquehanna has a Neutral rating with a $22 price target. Monness Crespi & Hardt has a Buy rating with a $25 price target. Pivotal Research has a Sell rating with a $10 price target. Atlantic Securities has an Underweight rating with a $14 price target. Shares of Snap were last seen up nearly 4% at $23.60 on Monday, with a post-IPO trading range of $18.90 to $29.44. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « How Home Depot and Lowe’s Are Winning in the Omni-Channel While Others Are Losing Manufacturing Recovery Continues in Texas Region » Read more: Media, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, social media Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States Where the Most People Have Green Cards Beers Americans No Longer Drink America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets America's 25 Largest Private Companies Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Aerojet Rocketdyne, Alcoa, Amazon, ArcelorMittal, Corning, Intel, Vale, AMD and More Recent Cenovus, Rite Aid Slide into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Exxon, DuPont Weigh on DJIA Friday Nearly 400 2017 Data Breaches Have Exposed More Than 7 Million Records Cara Therapeutics Announces Pricing for Secondary Offering Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Mylan voluntary recall will include U.S. EpiPens as 'precautionary measure' Frontier Airlines parent company files for IPO Frontier Airlines didn't specify number of shares being offered in IPO Factors that Could Dampen Chemical Industry Momentum 10 Facts About Boeing's Revolutionary 787 Dreamliner Top Research Reports for Today: DIS, TXN, LMT Beyond jobs, car sales to give insight on consumer health Major internet providers say will not sell customer browsing histories Fed signals it could promptly start shedding bonds from portfolio this year Why Homebuyers Should Think Twice Before Applying for a Mortgage in These 3 States 1 Time When Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Don't Make Sense You Avoided Under Armour: Here's Why National Beverage Is the Next Bubble Stock to Avoid Trump Skips Out On Signing Executive Orders After Reporter's Question About Flynn This Little Girl Loves Costco So Much, She Made It Her Birthday Party Theme Trump Products Are Reportedly No Longer Sold At Bed Bath & Beyond Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
AOL MailMenuAmazon Visit AmazoneBay Visit eBay Sign Up Options Account Info Make this your homepage Home News Sport Money Entertainment Living Travel Cars Games Weather Change Location| Read Mail Horoscopes Games AOL Favourites UK Politics World Featured The Huffington Post Football F1 Cricket Rugby Union Other Sports News Property Mortgages House Prices Home Insurance Retirement Pensions Banking & Savings Savings & ISAs Credit Cards Loans Current Accounts Compare Credit Check Money Saving Tips Bills Debt Shopping & Deals Deals Travel & Work Holidays Motoring Career Commuting Consumer Rights Investing Stock Quotes Guides Compare Finance ProductsBest Buy Tables Celebrity TV Film Music Fun & Viral Huffington Post Health Food Animals & Pets Relationships Horoscopes Huffington Post Inspire & entertain me Travel News World Travel News Reviews Green Features Car Photos Arcade Card Strategy Word Quizzes All Games Games Help AOL App Favourites Browser Upgrade AOL Desktop Free eMail My Account Safety & Security Toolbar PC Checkup HP Home HP Hot Offers HP Support HP Accessories Buy Online HP Games Compaq Home HP Hot Offers Compaq Support HP Accessories Buy Online HP Games Home 2 income funds that have thrashed Neil Woodford By The Motley Fool  31 Mar 2017, 11:22 Updated: 31 Mar 2017, 11:31 - Everybody loves star fund manager Neil Woodford, or rather they did. One year of underperformance and the doubters are out in force. CF Woodford Equity Income hasn't done as badly as people claim, rising 13.1% in the past 12 months, but it still trailed its benchmark equity income index which grew 16.1%, and people don't expect that. So should you shun the blue-eyed boy of equity income? Stormy weather Woodford has been through rough waters before, as you would expect with a manager who is happy to swim against the tide, and has always emerged with his reputation enhanced. I expect him to do it again, but it is always worth checking out the competition. Different fund managers have different styles and invest in different stocks, giving you much-needed diversification. The following two have outpaced Woodford over the last year, although they may not always do so. Ben Whitmore's £2.3bn Jupiter Income Trust is a minnow next to Woodford's £10bn giant. But small is beautiful with the fund returning 23% in the past year, and 75% over five years. It has some crossover with the Woodford vehicle, both feature pharmaceutical stocks AstraZeneca and GlaxoSmithKline, although these two make up a whopping 16.48% of Woodford's total fund, more than double Jupiter's 7.7% exposure. Woodford has also gone massive on tobacco stocks, with a 14.21% total weighing in Imperial Brands and British American Tobacco, far greater than Jupiter. Going global These are Woodford's hits. His misses include ignoring oil and commodity stocks, which enjoyed a bumper 2016, and going big on outsourcing company Capita Group, whose share price halved. He also shunned the banks while Whitmore has a 4.8% stake in HSBC Holdings, which leapt 50% in the last year. Jupiter Income is 100% invested in the UK, Woodford Equity Income is around 14% exposure to other countries, notably the US, with smaller stakes in Norway, Ireland, Luxembourg and Switzerland. Robin Geffen's Neptune Income has even greater US exposure at 20%, and its top 10 holdings feature no less than five US stocks: Microsoft Corporation, derivatives marketplace CME Group, JP Morgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co and Johnson Matthey. Sector splits Neptune Income therefore gives you greater diversification, with a completely different top 10 to Woodford. It also has has more energy exposure with a 3.34% stake in Royal Dutch Shell, and 3.26% in Rio Tinto. Geffen has returned 20% over the past year, and 55% over five years.  Drilling down further, Woodford has 36.85% exposure to healthcare and 28.33% in financials, but has next to nothing in technology, consumer services, utilities or telecommunications. Jupiter Income has 25% in financials and 20% in consumer services, but then has a much more even spread of sectors. It is a similar story with Neptune, which has major financials exposure at 34%, followed by a broad spread across the sectors. You can see which man is making the big calls here: Woodford. Next year those calls might pay off. Three-way bet Finally, the income. Neptune is the high highest yielding of the three, returning 4.66% a year, beating Jupiter's 3.5% and Woodford's 3.17%. So a spread of all three funds may give you better balance than going all-in on Woodford. We live in uncertain times with Prime Minister Theresa May firing the starting gun to begin the two-year process of exiting the EU. Whether you voted Leave or Remain, your investments will not escape the fallout. This BRAND NEW special Motley Fool report sets out exactly what Brexit means for your portfolio, and how you can take advantage by picking up top company stocks at bargain basement prices. Don't fret about Brexit any longer but click here to read this no-obligation report. It will be yours in moments and won't cost you a penny. Harvey Jones holds units in CF Woodford Equity Income but has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of and has recommended GlaxoSmithKline. The Motley Fool UK has recommended AstraZeneca, BP, HSBC Holdings, Imperial Brands, Rio Tinto, and Royal Dutch Shell B. Views expressed on the companies mentioned in this article are those of the writer and therefore may differ from the official recommendations we make in our subscription services such as Share Advisor, Hidden Winners and Pro. Here at The Motley Fool we believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. RECOMMENDED EBAY PRODUCTS (20) Explore Today's Featured Collections SHOP NOW Bath Mat Bathroom Rug 100% Cotton Soft Toilet... Bath Mat Bathroom Rug 100% Cotton... £4.99 Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons 100% DUCK... Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons... £37.99 Flat sheets Percale Plain Dyed Luxury Combed... Flat sheets Percale Plain Dyed... £2.95 LUXURY 6 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET 100% PURE... LUXURY 6 PIECE TOWEL BALE SET 100%... £10.99 Plain Dyed Percale Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding... Plain Dyed Percale Duvet Quilt... £10.99 Learn to build your own solar cells panels diy... Learn to build your own solar... £50.34 Terry Waterproof Mattress Protector Cover... Terry Waterproof Mattress... £6.95 Super King Size 85% White Goose Feather 15%... Super King Size 85% White Goose... £29.99 Single Bed Luxury Goose Feather & Down... Single Bed Luxury Goose Feather... £19.99 STAR MATTRESS 3FTSINGLE 4FT6 DOUBLE 5FT KING... STAR MATTRESS 3FTSINGLE 4FT6... £73.99 Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons 100% DUCK... Perfect Fit Luxury All Seasons... £37.99 ZIPPED QUILTED PILLOW PROTECTOR ANTI ALLERGY -... ZIPPED QUILTED PILLOW PROTECTOR... £7.95 New Fashion Luxury Grace Floral Duvet Set... New Fashion Luxury Grace Floral... £9.89 Luxury CONTEMPORARY Duvet Cover With Pillow... Luxury CONTEMPORARY Duvet Cover... £9.89 New Luxury Modern Paris Script Quilt Cover... New Luxury Modern Paris Script... £9.83 New Fashion Luxury Style Butterfly Print Duvet... New Fashion Luxury Style Butterfly... £9.89 4 PAIR LADIES INVISIBLE LINER TRAINER SHOE... 4 PAIR LADIES INVISIBLE LINER... £2.89 3FT SINGLE 4FT6 DOUBLE 5FT KING QUILTED MEMORY... 3FT SINGLE 4FT6 DOUBLE 5FT KING... £75.99 3D Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding Set Panel Print... 3D Duvet Quilt Cover Bedding Set... £11.99 EXTRA DEEP LUXURY QUILTED MATTRESS PROTECTOR... EXTRA DEEP LUXURY QUILTED MATTRESS... £0.99 Tags: CF Woodford Equity Income, Investing Articles, Jupiter Income Trust, Neptune Income - SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT More from the web Popular videosBy Gravity You might also like... Conversation ( ) Login Search Markets Europe US Global Currencies CAC 40 5,122.51 +32.87 +0.65% DAX 12,312.87 +56.44 +0.46% NASDAQ 5,911.738 -2.6061 -0.04% DJI 20,663.22 -65.27 -0.31% DOW 63.54 -0.64 -1.00% S&P 500 2,362.72 -5.34 -0.23% NIKKEI 225 18,909.26 -153.96 -0.81% Hang Seng 24,111.59 -189.50 -0.78% GBP (PER EUR) 1.1782 +0.0002 +0.02% GBP (PER USD) 1.2543 +0.0068 +0.55% GBP (PER JPY) 139.86 +0.01 +0.01% GBP (PER CHF) 1.2589 +0.011 +0.88% Get Quote Read More Competitions Free brochures Editor's picks How to save £200 on your energy bills Hardest place in the UK to sell your home 'Council tax refund' scam could cost you Over 40s don't know the cost of retirement Currency Converter Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Go powered by AOL Search Follow AOL Money facebook twitter rss gplus Most Popular on AOL AOLMoney & Finance About AOL Contact AOL UK Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Advertising Contact Help RSS AOL App Connect with AOL : facebook twitter gplus email © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance General Electric Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mayo Investment Advisers LLC Boosts Stake in Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Chevron Co. (CVX) Shares Bought by Advisory Research Inc. Good Life Advisors LLC Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) LBA Wealth Management LLC Has $284,000 Position in Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Analysts Expect CRH Medical Corp (CRHM) to Announce $0.04 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Analysts Set $27.67 Target Price for Merus NV (MRUS) Zacks: Brokerages Set $17.50 Price Target for Grupo Supervielle SA -ADR (SUPV) Axa SA (AXAHY) Receives Average Rating of “” from Analysts Zacks: Rhino Resource Partners, L.P. (RHNO) Given $5.40 Average Price Target by Brokerages Zacks: Medgenics Inc (GNMX) Given $7.10 Consensus Target Price by Brokerages Galmed Pharmaceuticals Ltd to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.39) Per Share, FBR & Co Forecasts (GLMD) Snap Inc (SNAP) Research Coverage Started at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Summit Research Reaffirms “Sell” Rating for Snap Inc (SNAP) Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Philippe F. Courtot Sells 20,000 Shares of Qualys Inc (QLYS) Stock Fmr LLC Increases Stake in Intralinks Holdings Inc (IL) Fmr LLC Lowers Stake in Dean Foods Co (DF) Valley National Bancorp (VLY) Shares Bought by Fmr LLC Fmr LLC Boosts Stake in Sterling Construction Company, Inc. (STRL) Federated Investors Inc. PA Lowers Position in Credit Acceptance Corp. (CACC) Good Life Advisors LLC Takes Position in General Electric Company (GE) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Good Life Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 52,018 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,635,000. General Electric Company makes up about 1.0% of Good Life Advisors LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 23rd largest position. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. increased its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 848.2% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 15,458,705 shares of the company’s stock valued at $488,626,000 after buying an additional 13,828,422 shares in the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 3.0% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 357,567,340 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,299,139,000 after buying an additional 10,321,746 shares in the last quarter. Russell Investments Group Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the fourth quarter valued at $177,435,000. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of General Electric Company by 61.5% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 7,870,526 shares of the company’s stock valued at $233,124,000 after buying an additional 2,998,167 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Piedmont Investment Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of General Electric Company during the third quarter valued at $56,167,000. 54.68% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) opened at 29.87 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $29.92 and a 200-day moving average price of $30.21. General Electric Company has a 52-week low of $28.19 and a 52-week high of $33.00. The stock has a market capitalization of $260.61 billion, a PE ratio of 33.45 and a beta of 1.20. General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) last announced its earnings results on Friday, January 20th. The company reported $0.46 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, meeting analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.46. The firm earned $33.10 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $33.67 billion. General Electric Company had a return on equity of 15.99% and a net margin of 6.86%. The business’s revenue was down 2.4% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.52 EPS. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that General Electric Company will post $1.63 EPS for the current fiscal year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, April 25th. Investors of record on Monday, February 27th will be given a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 23rd. This represents a $0.96 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.21%. General Electric Company’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 106.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/good-life-advisors-llc-takes-position-in-general-electric-company-ge.html. Several research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an “underweight” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. Zacks Investment Research cut General Electric Company from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Sanford C. Bernstein upgraded General Electric Company from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and raised their price objective for the stock from $33.00 to $40.00 in a research note on Thursday, December 15th. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “positive” rating on shares of General Electric Company in a research note on Wednesday, March 22nd. Finally, Vetr upgraded General Electric Company from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $34.04 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have issued a hold rating, twelve have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $33.24. In other news, insider Jeffrey S. Bornstein bought 5,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $29.63 per share, with a total value of $148,150.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 68,757 shares in the company, valued at $2,037,269.91. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, Vice Chairman David Leon Joyce sold 159,662 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $29.56, for a total value of $4,719,608.72. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 738,907 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $21,842,090.92. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.23% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About General Electric Company Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for General Electric Company (NYSE:GE). Receive News & Ratings for General Electric Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for General Electric Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Comerica Bank Boosts Stake in Nanometrics Incorporated (NANO) State Street Corp Buys 32,058 Shares of Innophos Holdings, Inc. (IPHS) State Street Corp Raises Stake in Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) State Street Corp Reduces Position in Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) Position Decreased by State Street Corp EarthLink Holdings Corp. (ELNK) Shares Sold by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Position Boosted by Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 7,446 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN) Xerox Corp’s (XRX) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Credit Suisse Group AG Imperial Brands PLC (IMB) Rating Reiterated by Societe Generale Constellation Brands, Inc. (STZ) Downgraded by OTR Global Scotiabank Reiterates $17.00 Price Target for Statoil ASA (STO) Statoil ASA (STO) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Comerica Bank Boosts Position in Kindred Healthcare, Inc. (KND) First Potomac Realty Trust (FPO) Stake Maintained by State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System 23,892 Shares in Connecticut Water Service Inc (CTWS) Acquired by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Cummins Inc. (CMI) Given a $173.00 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Lifted to Outperform at Credit Suisse Group AG Deltic Timber Corp (DEL) Receives Equal Weight Rating from Morgan Stanley Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 7,446 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN) March 31st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Dimensional Fund Advisors LP boosted its position in Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) by 1.5% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 498,616 shares of the medical technology company’s stock after buying an additional 7,446 shares during the period. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP’s holdings in Inogen were worth $33,492,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its position in Inogen by 1.6% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 3,220 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $193,000 after buying an additional 50 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. purchased a new position in Inogen during the third quarter worth approximately $211,000. Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its position in Inogen by 4.6% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 4,780 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $286,000 after buying an additional 210 shares during the period. Arizona State Retirement System boosted its position in Inogen by 9.3% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 8,200 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $491,000 after buying an additional 700 shares during the period. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in Inogen by 40.1% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 11,102 shares of the medical technology company’s stock worth $665,000 after buying an additional 3,179 shares during the period. Shares of Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) opened at 77.01 on Friday. Inogen Inc has a 52-week low of $43.16 and a 52-week high of $79.94. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $72.23 and its 200-day moving average price is $64.71. The stock has a market cap of $1.58 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 79.39 and a beta of 1.07. WARNING: “Dimensional Fund Advisors LP Buys 7,446 Shares of Inogen Inc (INGN)” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/31/dimensional-fund-advisors-lp-buys-7446-shares-of-inogen-inc-ingn.html. INGN has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Needham & Company LLC initiated coverage on Inogen in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “strong-buy” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research lowered Inogen from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Stifel Nicolaus upped their price objective on Inogen to $65.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price objective on Inogen and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. Finally, TheStreet raised Inogen from a “c” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, three have given a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $72.60. In other Inogen news, EVP Matt Scribner sold 2,500 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.85, for a total value of $184,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 4,833 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $356,917.05. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Raymond Huggenberger sold 5,680 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $63.96, for a total transaction of $363,292.80. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 12,488 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $798,732.48. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold a total of 51,358 shares of company stock valued at $3,394,316 over the last ninety days. 5.18% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Inogen Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company is engaged in developing, manufacturing and marketing portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device weighing approximately 4.8 or seven pounds. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding INGN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN). Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Challenges on Rollback of Climate Policies to Come President Trump Creating American Innovation Office Republicans in Senate Vote to Repeal Rules on Internet Privacy Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Bonds LATEST NEWS Gold posts best quarter in a year amid political uncertainty Sebi probing Lanco Infra's share issue to IDFC Bank Is real estate past the bad patch? Slew of govt measures promises turnaround Demonetisation has not derailed NPA resolution but it has to be tackled urgently: KV Kamath Overseas portfolio money pushing the domestic equity market higher Overseas portfolio money pushing the domestic equity market higher March sees rush to close deals as new tax rules kicks in from April 1 Yes Bank raises Rs 4906 crore through QIP Sebi eases disclosure norms for rating agencies Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationKapasCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Bonds 04:05 PM | 31 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,620-26.92 NIFTY 50 9,1740.00 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,451-91.0 USD/INR 64.85-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex snaps 3-day winning streak; Nifty ends flat Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Yield-hungry investors struggle to tell good from bad in India's bond market By Bloomberg | Updated: Mar 31, 2017, 12.32 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » yield | UDAY bonds | reserve bank of india | liquidity | ICRA | Gross Domestic Product | Crisil Company Summary NSE BSE ICRA Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Crisil Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 By Subhadip Sircar It’s hard to separate winners from losers in India’s burgeoning market for state-government bonds. A recent debt auction saw West Bengal -- a state struggling to meet its debt obligations -- paying a coupon of 7.64 percent to borrow for 10 years, the same as Haryana -- a northern state that generates most revenue on its own, with limited reliance on federal grants. The lack of price differentiation and liquidity is reason why global funds such as PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. have largely stayed away from state bonds despite being granted access to them in 2015. Even so, raising funds isn’t a tall order for states, as the implicit sovereign guarantee of their debt -- besides yields that are typically higher than those on notes issued by the federal government -- means they are a draw for local investors. “The relatively little yield difference among states isn’t reflective of their fundamentals,” said Anders Faergemann, a senior fund manager in London at PineBridge Investments, which oversees about $83 billion globally. “Bonds of ‘good’ and ‘bad’ states should be priced differently.” Working together, India’s 29 states combined would form a bloc that has a bigger economy than the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, more members than the European Union, and twice the population of North America. Net borrowing by regional administrations is set to rise 12 percent to 3.8 trillion rupees ($59 billion) in the financial year starting April 1, after surging an estimated 30 percent to 3.4 trillion rupees this year, according to ICRA Ltd. The central government plans to borrow a net 4.2 trillion rupees in the coming year. Cutoff yields for states’ 10-year borrowings were bunched up in a tight five-basis point range at an auction on March 27, showing little differentiation between the silk-to sandalwood-producing southern Indian state of Karnataka and the mineral-rich northwestern Rajasthan. Rising supply of state bonds has caused their spread over corresponding sovereign notes to widen to about 90 basis points, from an average 55-60 basis points over the last one year, according to Crisil Ratings Ltd., the local unit of S&P Global Ratings. Part of the increase has been because some states are acquiring debt piled up at power distribution companies under a 2015 federal plan to revive the utilities. A report by ratings firm ICRA Wednesday showed that 13 states have so far issued 2.32 trillion rupees of the so-called UDAY bonds toward refinancing the borrowings of state-owned electricity retailers. “The indebtedness of states is likely to increase” going forward due to the takeover of debt under the UDAY scheme, said Manish Gupta, a director at Crisil Ratings in Mumbai. “Higher salary payout and increased interest burden may widen the fiscal deficits over the medium term.” Thanks to the extra debt burden on account of the UDAY scheme, Rajasthan’s fiscal gap is estimated to have bloated to more than 6 percent of gross domestic product in a financial year ending Friday. That’s double the 3 percent cap set by the finance commission, a panel that decides every five years how tax revenues should be divided between federal and state governments. West Bengal has been hit by repayment woes and needs to shell out about 470 billion rupees in fiscal 2018 for principal and interest repayments, budget documents show. Tamil Nadu expects a ‘significant impact’ on its resources as the closing down of state-owned liquor shops hurts revenue. ‘Little Incentive’ Markets need to pay greater attention to states’ finances as their widening deficits have completely offset the consolidation at the central level, and borrowings by states is poised to overtake the centre’s by 2018-19, Sajjid Chinoy and Toshi Jain, economists at JPMorgan Chase & Co., wrote in a February report. Global funds own 15.6 billion rupees worth of state-government bonds, just 7.4 percent of the 210-billion rupee investment limit available to them, according to data from the National Securities Depository Ltd. That’s even as they have exhausted 85.9 percent of their cap for purchases of sovereign debt. “There is little incentive for investors to discriminate among underlying fiscal positions of states and place a premium on quality,” the JPMorgan economists wrote in their report. “The corollary, of course, is that there is little incentive for states to consolidate, because prudent states are not rewarded and profligate states are not disciplined.” Boosting Liquidity That said, Suyash Choudhary, Mumbai-based head of fixed income at IDFC Asset Management Co., says the securities will appear more attractive to investors should authorities improve reissuances to boost liquidity and sell bonds across more maturities. The Reserve Bank of India typically auctions state bonds once in fortnight. A Finance Ministry report earlier this year said the sale process needs to be reviewed if a ‘modicum of discipline’ is to be introduced on how regional governments’ finances are managed. “It is a good opportunity to invest in state and corporate bonds now, as their spreads over sovereign notes have backed up quite a bit,” he said. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers 23 Baby Names Parents Say They Regret Giving Their Kids CafeMom 9 Discounts Seniors Get Only If they Know BusinessAdviceSource.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 20 Celebs You Might Not Know Are Twins Trend Chaser No gamer should miss this free game Vikings: Free Online Game Why We’re Obsessed With These New Sheets GQ | Parachute $91 for a $300 Watch. Here's how I did it. Watch of the Month Club Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport BRO to build tunnels on Bomdila-Tawang road China cautioned over Silk Road projects in disputed regions READ MORE ON » yield | UDAY bonds | reserve bank of india | liquidity | ICRA | Gross Domestic Product | Crisil To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Inside Porinju Veliyath’s portfolio: Top stocks that helped this maverick make 42% return Porinju Veliyath buys over 2 lakh shares in this smallcap firm; should you buy too? Rupee set for best first quarter since 1975, all thanks to foreign flows India as a theme is a huge opportunity, but it’s a heaven for midcap stockpickings: Porinju Veliyath Property prices down 5-7%, but realty stocks should take off on RERA, GST More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex|Gold rate Income Tax Slabs|Income Tax calculator RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Brexit Bulletin: More Paperwork The tense wait begins for the EU to set out its negotiating position. by Simon Kennedy @simonjkennedy More stories by Simon Kennedy March 31, 2017, 2:30 AM EDT EU's Tusk Says 'No Such Thing as Brexit Bill' for U.K. Sign up to receive the Brexit Bulletin in your inbox, and follow @Brexit on Twitter. Now it’s the European Union’s turn to send paperwork. Sometime around 9 a.m. Brussels time, EU President Donald Tusk will distribute draft negotiating guidelines around the bloc’s 27 states. Ambassadors will then meet to discuss the text and Tusk will speak to reporters in Malta. Donald Tusk, president of the European Union (EU). Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg The marching orders for negotiator Michel Barnier are not meant to be made public until EU leaders ratify them on April 29, although they will likely leak. Bloomberg has already reported they will probably limit Barnier’s remit to discussing the divorce rather than the terms of any new trade relationship. That means focusing on the bill, borders and citizens’ rights. Guy Verhofstadt, the European Parliament’s point person on Brexit, told Channel 4 News he wants residents’ rights resolved this year, while Germany will insist the U.K. promise not to slash taxes and regulation as part of any trade deal. Meanwhile, Bloomberg’s Nikos Chrysoloras has a handy list of the key dates for the coming talks. May on Court The U.K. might be rethinking its attitude towards the European Court of Justice, whose jurisdiction Theresa May vowed to end in January. This week the British prime minister appeared to soften her stance. She was also told by the European Parliament she would need to accept the Luxembourg-based judges’ rulings if she wanted any post-Brexit transition. European Court of Justice in Luxembourg Photographer: Geert Vanden Wijngaert “Theresa May seems to have intimated that during any transitional period she’d be willing to accept the EU court’s jurisdiction,” said Phillip Souta, head of policy at law firm Clifford Chance.“Basically, the price of a transition might be the U.K. accepting the court.” Maintaining a softer line might facilitate the trade pact May wants, according to Bloomberg’s Ian Wishart and Stephanie Bodoni. Brexit Secretary David Davis nevertheless said on Thursday that the court would play “no future role” in the U.K. after Brexit. Another Vote? The British government told lawmakers they might get to vote on whether the U.K. should stay in the EU’s single market after Brexit, fueling calls for a Norway-style trade deal. Also in Westminster on Thursday, May named Davis, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, Home Secretary Amber Rudd and Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond to a panel overseeing Brexit talks. She also issued opinion pieces to newspapers across seven European countries, focusing on their individual concerns in an attempt to bypass the region’s political machine and appeal directly to voters. She noted the security worries of the Swedes and told Spaniards she cared about tourism. As for the opposition Labour Party, Eddie Buckle illustrates why a May 4 special election in north-west England poses a test for its Brexit strategy. Banks and Brexit Banks aren’t hanging around. As it considers expanding in the Irish capital, JPMorgan is in talks to buy a 130,000 square foot Dublin office building, according to people with knowledge of the matter. JPMorgan Said in Talks to Buy Dublin Office Space Lloyd’s of London, the insurance market, said it would open an EU hub in Brussels by the beginning of 2019 and Citigroup said it may move some of its thousands of workers in London to a new trading unit on the continent. “For planning purposes, we must assume a ‘hard’ Brexit,” Jim Cowles, Citi’s regional head, wrote in a memo to staff.   Goldman Sachs, lobbyists TheCityUK and Barclays were among the companies who met with Davis’s department at the end of last year, new documents showed. What may determine how many bankers move is whether May secures a transition. To learn more about that topic, read our QuickTake Q&A by Silla Brush. On the Markets It’s 2012 again for companies in the U.K. The first quarter of this year was the busiest for mergers by volume and the slowest for initial public offerings since the same period five years ago, when Greece’s debt crisis weighed on investors and boards, write Ruth David and David Hellier.  “Over the next two years there will be a period of heightened uncertainty and that will make companies think harder about M&A to generate growth,” said Ed Byers, co-head of U.K. investment banking at JPMorgan.  Brexit Bullets British business confidence fell and consumers were hesitant about their financial situation this month, according to reports from Lloyds Bank and GfK. Nationwide said house prices fell for the first time in almost two years. The Bloomberg Brexit Barometer rose to 32.9 on Thursday Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is preparing to formally ask for a second referendum on independence Gina Miller may file another legal challenge over May’s bid to take control over EU laws The U.K. computer system may not be able to deal with a surge in post-Brexit customs declarations, the Financial Times reports Bloomberg View’s Mark Gilbert identifies a key lesson for the EU to learn from Brexit Luxembourg invokes a 1965 agreement between the founding members of what is now the EU in an attempt to win the top banking regulator from London Britain is playing Russian roulette with its industrial heroes, says Chris Bryant of Bloomberg Gadfly Premier League soccer clubs worry Brexit will sap their teams of imported players. “The bottom line is the Premier League is the greatest league the world has ever known,” said David Gold, West Ham’s co-owner. “Why would you stifle that?” Bournemouth's Norwegian striker Joshua King (L) scores a goal from the penalty spot during their English Premier League football match with Manchester United on March 4, 2017. Photographer: Oli Scarff/AFP/Getty Images And Finally... European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said he would champion American states leaving the U.S. after President Donald Trump backed Brexit.  “The newly elected U.S. president was happy that Brexit was taking place and was asking other countries to do the same,” Juncker said on Thursday. “If he goes on like that, I’m going to promote the independence of Ohio and the exit of Texas.” White House spokesman Sean Spicer on Wednesday called Trump a “leader in the effort to call Brexit.” For more on Brexit follow Bloomberg on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram, and see our full coverage at Bloomberg.com Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Oscar Williams-Grut Mar. 31, 2017, 2:00 AM 894 facebook linkedin twitter email print George Lewys, aged 5, poses for a photograph with Owl butterflies during an event to launch the Sensational Butterflies exhibition at the Natural History Museum in London, Britain March 30, 2017. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Friday. 1. Chinese telecom equipment and smartphone maker Huawei Technologies said on Friday that net profit edged up just 0.4% last year, its slowest annual growth since 2011. Huawei, the world's No. 3 smartphone maker behind Apple and Samsung, said net profit rose to 37.1 billion yuan (£4.2 billion, $5.3 billion). 2. Fourth quarter GDP figures are coming. Economic growth data for the UK is due at 9.30 a.m. BST (4.30 a.m. ET). Year-on-year growth is forecast to be 2%, unchanged on the previous quarter, and quarterly growth is also expected to be unchanged at 0.7%. 3. The US judge overseeing a blockbuster case over self-driving car technology suggested Uber could face an injunction if a key Uber executive does not testify for fear of exposing himself to criminal prosecution, according to a transcript seen by Reuters. Waymo, the self-driving car unit of Alphabet, sued Uber last month, alleging that a former Waymo executive, Anthony Levandowski, downloaded over 14,000 confidential documents before leaving the company to subsequently join Uber, which benefited from the stolen secrets. 4. US private equity firm Silver Lake Partners and US chipmaker Broadcom have offered Toshiba about 2 trillion yen (£14.3 billion, $17.9 billion) for its chip unit, the Nikkei business daily reported on Friday. About 10 potential bidders are interested in buying a stake in the NAN flash memory maker, a source with knowledge of the planned sale told Reuters earlier. 5. Volkswagen said Thursday it has agreed to settle environmental claims from 10 US states over its excess diesel emissions for $157.45 million (£126.1 million), as the world's largest automaker looks to move past the scandal. The German automaker's settlement covers states including New York, Connecticut, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Washington and also covers some consumer claims. 6. US stocks closed higher on Thursday after the Commerce Department revised fourth-quarter economic growth up on the back of stronger consumer spending. The Dow closed up 0.34%, the S&P 500 was up 0.31%, and the Nasdaq was up 0.27%. 7. Asian stocks are lower despite China's manufacturing PMI beating forecasts. Japan's Nikkei is down 0.41% at the time of writing (6.35 a.m. BST/1.35 a.m. ET), the Hong Kong Hang Seng is down 0.72%, but the Shanghai Composite in China is up 0.20%. 8. Uber has reached a settlement with Pennsylvania's taxi regulator to end the ride-sharing company's appeal of a record $11.4 million (£9.1 million) fine for operating illegally. A notice posted on Tuesday with the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania said Uber and the state's Public Utility Commission had reported an agreement in principle to settle the case, which involved the largest fine imposed by that regulator. 9. Saudi Arabian Oil Co. (Aramco) has appointed JPMorgan Chase & Co., Morgan Stanley, and HSBC for key roles on its initial public offering, according to people familiar with the matter, as it moves ahead with its plans for what could be the world’s biggest share sale. Bloomberg reports that the global banks will act as advisers on the listing, the people said, asking not to be named because the discussions are private. 10. Google's venture capital arm has taken part in a £4 million investment round in a startup spun out of Oxford University that is trying to use "biotech superglue" to create new vaccines. GV, formerly Google Ventures, is backing SpyBiotech, which is trying to commercialise a biological discovery that it believes can be used to create highly effective vaccines. NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Telling Good From Bad Is Tough for Bond Investors in India by Subhadip Sircar More stories by Subhadip Sircar March 30, 2017, 4:00 PM EDT March 30, 2017, 11:33 PM EDT State-government bonds offering little differentiation ‘Indebtedness of states is likely to increase’: Crisil’s Gupta It’s hard to separate winners from losers in India’s burgeoning market for state-government bonds. A recent debt auction saw West Bengal -- a state struggling to meet its debt obligations -- paying a coupon of 7.64 percent to borrow for 10 years, the same as Haryana -- a northern state that generates most revenue on its own, with limited reliance on federal grants. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The lack of price differentiation and liquidity is reason why global funds such as PineBridge Investments Europe Ltd. have largely stayed away from state bonds despite being granted access to them in 2015. Even so, raising funds isn’t a tall order for states, as the implicit sovereign guarantee of their debt -- besides yields that are typically higher than those on notes issued by the federal government -- means they are a draw for local investors. “The relatively little yield difference among states isn’t reflective of their fundamentals,” said Anders Faergemann, a senior fund manager in London at PineBridge Investments, which oversees about $83 billion globally. “Bonds of ‘good’ and ‘bad’ states should be priced differently.” Working together, India’s 29 states combined would form a bloc that has a bigger economy than the whole of sub-Saharan Africa, more members than the European Union, and twice the population of North America. Net borrowing by regional administrations is set to rise 12 percent to 3.8 trillion rupees ($59 billion) in the financial year starting April 1, after surging an estimated 30 percent to 3.4 trillion rupees this year, according to ICRA Ltd. The central government plans to borrow a net 4.2 trillion rupees in the coming year. Read: States on Borrowing Binge Bad News for Modi and Indian Bonds Cutoff yields for states’ 10-year borrowings were bunched up in a tight five-basis point range at an auction on March 27, showing little differentiation between the silk-to sandalwood-producing southern Indian state of Karnataka and the mineral-rich northwestern Rajasthan. State Name Estimated Fiscal Deficit for FY17 (%) FY18 Estimate (%) Cut-off Yield for 10-Year Debt at March 27 Sale Andhra Pradesh 3.06 3 7.62% Gujarat 1.80 1.82 Didn’t sell Karnataka 2.16 2.61 7.59% Haryana 2.49 2.84* 7.64% Rajasthan 6.36* 2.99 7.61% Tamil Nadu 4.58* 2.79 7.62% Source: State budget documents. *Includes impact from UDAY bonds Rising supply of state bonds has caused their spread over corresponding sovereign notes to widen to about 90 basis points, from an average 55-60 basis points over the last one year, according to Crisil Ratings Ltd., the local unit of S&P Global Ratings. Part of the increase has been because some states are acquiring debt piled up at power distribution companies under a 2015 federal plan to revive the utilities. A report by ratings firm ICRA Wednesday showed that 13 states have so far issued 2.32 trillion rupees of the so-called UDAY bonds toward refinancing the borrowings of state-owned electricity retailers. “The indebtedness of states is likely to increase” going forward due to the takeover of debt under the UDAY scheme, said Manish Gupta, a director at Crisil Ratings in Mumbai. “Higher salary payout and increased interest burden may widen the fiscal deficits over the medium term.” Thanks to the extra debt burden on account of the UDAY scheme, Rajasthan’s fiscal gap is estimated to have bloated to more than 6 percent of gross domestic product in a financial year ending Friday. That’s double the 3 percent cap set by the finance commission, a panel that decides every five years how tax revenues should be divided between federal and state governments. West Bengal has been hit by repayment woes and needs to shell out about 470 billion rupees in fiscal 2018 for principal and interest repayments, budget documents show. Tamil Nadu expects a ‘significant impact’ on its resources as the closing down of state-owned liquor shops hurts revenue. ‘Little Incentive’ Markets need to pay greater attention to states’ finances as their widening deficits have completely offset the consolidation at the central level, and borrowings by states is poised to overtake the centre’s by 2018-19, Sajjid Chinoy and Toshi Jain, economists at JPMorgan Chase & Co., wrote in a February report. Global funds own 15.6 billion rupees worth of state-government bonds, just 7.4 percent of the 210-billion rupee investment limit available to them, according to data from the National Securities Depository Ltd. That’s even as they have exhausted 85.9 percent of their cap for purchases of sovereign debt. “There is little incentive for investors to discriminate among underlying fiscal positions of states and place a premium on quality,” the JPMorgan economists wrote in their report. “The corollary, of course, is that there is little incentive for states to consolidate, because prudent states are not rewarded and profligate states are not disciplined.” Boosting Liquidity That said, Suyash Choudhary, Mumbai-based head of fixed income at IDFC Asset Management Co., says the securities will appear more attractive to investors should authorities improve reissuances to boost liquidity and sell bonds across more maturities. The Reserve Bank of India typically auctions state bonds once in fortnight. A Finance Ministry report earlier this year said the sale process needs to be reviewed if a ‘modicum of discipline’ is to be introduced on how regional governments’ finances are managed. “It is a good opportunity to invest in state and corporate bonds now, as their spreads over sovereign notes have backed up quite a bit,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Wall Street’s New Favorite Way to Swap Secrets Is Against the Rules This Is Why Australia Hasn't Had a Recession in Over 25 Years Airlines Make More Money Selling Miles Than Seats Jack Ma's Latest U.S. Expansion Plan Threatened by Trump Agenda FBI Visits Office of Saipan Casino Run by Trump Protege Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Morgan Stanley tops Asia ex-Japan M&A league table in Q1 By Reuters Published: 21:38 EDT, 30 March 2017 | Updated: 21:38 EDT, 30 March 2017 e-mail March 31 (Reuters) - Merger and acquisitions involving Asian companies fell 39 percent in the first quarter of 2017 to $176 billion, the lowest level in nearly three years and highlighting a sharp pull back in overseas deals by Chinese firms. A $23 billion tie-up between India's Idea Cellular controlled by the Aditya Birla Group, and the Indian business of Vodafone Group, was the biggest deal in Asia Pacific in the January-March quarter. Morgan Stanley was the top adviser in Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, followed by Goldman Sachs and UBS , according to the Thomson Reuters league table data. Top 10 advisers by deal value: --------------------------------------------------- Financial Deal value Market No. Of adviser (including share (in deals net debt, %) $ million) Morgan Stanley 24,162.9 13.7 24 Goldman Sachs 20,791.7 11.8 20 UBS 18,816.8 10.7 12 Rothschild 18,561.3 10.6 14 Bank of 15,360.8 8.7 9 America Merrill Lynch Kotak Mahindra 13,062.6 7.4 4 Bank Robey Warshaw 13,000.4 7.4 2 Axis Capital 11,627.3 6.6 1 Veda Capital 6,014.9 3.4 12 JPMorgan 4,739.9 2.7 5 -------------------------------------- Top 10 advisers by total fees earned Bank Fees ($ Fees mln) (%)(up/dow n) Morgan Stanley 40.0 -36.7 Industrial &amp; 37.0 -15.2 Commercial Bank of China Credit Suisse 31.5 -28.8 Evercore 30.8 2,074.5 Partners UBS 21.6 -44.5 Bank of 20.8 -17.3 America Merrill Lynch Goldman Sachs 16.3 -49.6 CITIC 15.7 404.0 CBRE Holdings 10.4 186.5 China 9.7 -73.3 International Capital (Reporting by Sumeet Chatterjee) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS The white stuff! Kim Kardashian highlights her figure in bodysuit and tight shorts after modeling for Khloe's jeans range 'I'm really scared- I don't want to die': Linda Nolan reveals heart-breaking fears of not growing old with her grandkids... as she addresses shock cancer diagnosis Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, spotted 'packing on the PDA' poolside in Hawaii Seen giggling and hugging in the pool in Waikiki, Hawaii 'Can I leave you to it?' Unwell Gary Barlow walks off The One Show mid-interview... but later tells concerned fans he's 'absolutely fine' after fearing he was 'going to faint live on TV'  The boyband richer than the Beatles: Seven years on from coming third on X Factor, One Direction are worth a quarter of a BILLION. So how DO they splash the cash?  She's cracked it! Mum blogger Clemmie Telford taste tests M&S Easter eggs and picks the PERFECT chocolate treat for everyone in her life SPONSORED 'What a sick, twisted joke': Coronation Street fans slam 'insensitive' storyline that sees Sally Webster being told her cancer has come back in evil prank 'Plenty of times I've thought about this film and my own life': Liam Neeson admits Love Actually reunion made him reflect on the loss of his wife Natasha Richardson  Kourtney Kardashian strips down to a towel and reveals daily four-step body moisturizing regimen Tips involve organic coconut oil, apple cider vinegar and detox salts MIC's Jess Woodley shows off her figure in tiny yellow bikini in Barbados... just two months after THAT trip with her ex Alex Mytton and Lottie Moss Gary Barlow plans to renew wedding vows with 'amazing wife' Dawn saying it's 'definitely on the agenda' after being married for 17 years Roger Moore was a model, Dorothy Squires his superstar wife determined to make him famous. Then he cheated... and her revenge was pyrotechnic The tight stuff! Glowing Scarlett Moffatt shows off svelte figure in velvet leggings and denim jacket as she leaves Saturday Night Takeaway rehearsals Just tattoo of us! Loved-up Charlotte Crosby and Ex On The Beach fling Stephen Bear get cosy for cute couple selfie Spoiler-hungry Game Of Thrones fans claim to spot season seven clues in the reflection of an EYE in latest teaser  Like mother, like daughter! Suri Cruise, 10, is a little fashionista in a flared lilac coat as she joins smart and chic Katie Holmes for a New York outing 'Swish!': Kim Kardashian carries son Saint West as he mimics basketball shooting motion in adorable snap Girls night! Kim Kardashian and daughter North West get the full backstage experience at Ariana Grande concert Is she fur-real? Khloe Kardashian wears unusual fuzzy shouldered jacket as she flies out of LAX The 32-year-old made a bold and slightly odd fashion statement 'What has she done to her hands?' Katie Price sparks concern among fans AGAIN after sharing holiday snap of her daughter Bunny, two, in bandages The weight is over! Mama June FINALLY unveils the results of her astounding body transformation on Not To Hot It's been a long road littered with setbacks  Cat Deeley enjoys relaxing mani pedi as she is seen for the first time since 14-month-old son gave her a black eye Spotted with quite the shiner Bending the rules! Adrienne Bailon barely avoids wardrobe malfunction in all white yoga outfit Adrienne Bailon had luck on her side Friday Sylvester Stallone 'leaves The Expendables franchise and turns down $20 MILLION payday' Said to be at odds with movie executive Avi Lerner Ladies who lunch! Selena Gomez embraces assistant Theresa Marie Mingus at Mr. Chow in Beverly Hills Showers bring flowers! Helena Christensen braves the rain to fetch a bouquet of blooms Helena Christensen knows how to weather a storm 'Don't give up': Brie Larson reveals past DJ days as she encourages 'dreamers with day jobs' to persevere Sent a positive and inspirational message Preparing for takeoff? Lisa Vanderpump steps out in Beverly Hills as she dons air hostess inspired outfit The 56-year-old star stepped out in Beverly Hills on Friday  Casual chic: Jenna Elfman looks stylish in white leather jacket over patterned blouse while promoting new series Imaginary Mary at WonderCon Stylish Sofia Richie rocks a sheer lace jumpsuit as she steps out to run errands in Malibu The blonde beauty added a dark grey cardigan Surf's up! Adam Sandler enjoys boogie boarding with his two daughters as wife rocks two-piece bikini in Hawaii Taught his family some tricks on the surf board Fabulous at 52! Courteney Cox slips into a bikini while enjoying beach holiday with daughter Coco Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class Gigi Hadid rocks red, white, and blue in rainy NYC... alongside her personal umbrella holder New poster unveiled for Tom Cruise's summer thriller The Mummy highlights stunning actress Sofia Boutella 'We can't do a reunion without Uncle Phil!' Fresh Prince star Karyn Parsons says they won't make TV return now that star James Avery has died Flying under the radar: Sean Penn looks worse for wear as he makes his way through airport in New York Denim diva! Ashley Tisdale steps out in this season's hottest jean style as she treats herself to some retail therapy  What a catch! Beaming Casey Batchelor proudly shows off her fishing skills as she tries her hand at angling on The Big Fish Off Let them eat cake! Chrissy Teigen cannot stop laughing or tasting the merchandise as she decorates a giant desert while wearing hot pants  'He's very prone to put on weight like I am': Elton John reveals he warned Ed Sheeran against piling on the pounds on break from music Agyness Deyn looks a million miles away from her modelling days as she sports an anorak and casual tracksuit bottoms to film gritty crime drama Travelling in style! Sofia Vergara is casually comfortable in black as she preps for flight out of LAX 'You've got to respect your child's wishes': Rebecca Judd calls for kids to be protected under stronger paparazzi laws... as she signs up her daughter Billie, three, as the face of Mattel's Barbie campaign Dipsy makes a slipsy! Teletubby appears to accidentally grab Lorraine Kelly's breast during flamboyant appearance on her ITV show 'I have a lot of people contacting me': Australian model Sophie Taylor reveals she's been inundated with modelling offers since being pictured with Prince William 'Finally visiting Penny's hometown!' Kaley Cuoco pays homage to her Big Bang Theory character on trip to Nebraska with boyfriend 'I'm a rock chick' Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson debuts new look as she tames long glossy locks into intricate braids  Ab-tastic! Draya Michele displays her taut tummy in fitted black sports bra and mesh leggings after yoga class 'I'm not homophobic': Candace Cameron Bure defends herself after being slammed for wearing shirt with phrase made famous by a drag queen Harry's girl Meghan Markle cements her position as a future royal wife in Vanity Fair photoshoot alongside other 'future leaders' including Emma Watson  Bikini time! Kelly Bensimon rocks a stylish white swimsuit while living it up in paradise  50 cent denies feud with Chris Brown amid claims he ditched tour over money Offered scheduling conflicts as the sole reason for leaving Who knew they were friends? Holly Valance gets in on the pre-wedding festivities at the pub as pals Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic prepare to say 'I do' Back on mom duty! Charlize Theron enjoys outing with her two children after work trip to CinemaCon Kenya Moore's ex Matt Jordan was NOT invited to the RHOA reunion... following Moore's restraining order against her former lover No clothes, no problem! Pretty Little Liars star Shay Mitchell goes topless for fashion in Africa 'I like my women thick and orange': CJ Meeks appears to hit out at ex Bianca Gascoigne in Instagram post  On the prowl! Kyle Richards sprints into Beverly Hills department store in leopard patterned top for some speedy shopping Dragging along! Melanie Griffith puffs on a cigarette as she steps out for a leisurely stroll The New York native was enjoying the slower-pace life in sunny California  Terrifying trailer for Stephen King's It clocks 197m views in 24 hours... beating The Fate Of The Furious' 139m record Time to chill! Eden Sassoon shows off her beach body in plunging orange bathing suit during Hawaiian holiday ahead of explosive row on RHOBH Cara Delevingne ditches model glamour for grungy ensemble as she covers up in long hooded coat and baggy trousers for day in NYC Dangerous curves ahead! Khloe Kardashian shows off physique in plunging leotard and extremely tight blue jeans  'The booty's back!' Ariel Winter channels Kardashian vibes as she flaunts shapely derriere in revealing bodysuit How Goldie Hawn keeps her sparkle at 71: Actress shares sneak peek at her beauty regimen while relaxing in negligee with hair curlers 'God bless Kendrick Lamar!' Rapper earns very enthusiastic praise online after celebrating women's STRETCH MARKS in a new 'body positive' song Rock chic! Alice Dellal opts for edgy look in a leather jacket with a dishevelled ponytail as she lounges outside a London gym Busty Ferne McCann displays her slender midriff in a tropical blue bikini and skirt ensemble as she enjoys her sun-soaked holiday in the Maldives He's back! Orlando Bloom returns from the sea after decade long absence in new Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 trailer 'I've kept it very private for years and years': Alec Baldwin reveals he overdosed on drugs in his twenties Suns out buns out! Joanna Krupa poses for yet another cheeky naked picture by the pool SPOILER ALERT: William Roache spotted on Corrie set after Ken Barlow was violently pushed down the stairs... as soap gears up for whodunnit storyline Baby kisses! Zoe Saldana's husband Marco cuddles up to their six-week old son Zen   Imogen Thomas poses up a storm as she takes a stream of busty selfies while soaking up the Miami sunshine in a skimpy black bikini Selfie obsessed Justin Bieber puts on a cosy display with a mystery brunette in Rio de Janeiro as he leans in for a kiss in the back of his limo She didn't seem too keen Tie me up! LeAnn Rimes wears bodysuit with deep plunging neckline for flight to LAX She was not shy in a white, long-sleeve bodysuit  'It shouldn't be a big deal in the 21st century': Actress Pearl Mackie will play Doctor Who's first openly gay companion... and admits it's 'about time' 'It hit me like a gut punch': Walking Dead star Daniel Newman comes out as gay on Twitter... before explaining why in powerful YouTube message 'It rocked my world': Luke Bryan reflects on his big brother Chris' tragic death... ahead of hosting ACM Awards 'We'd hug each other after': Alexander Skarsgard on bonding with Nicole Kidman after violent sex scenes on Big Little Lies left her battered and bruised 'I'm not sorry': Ricky Gervais hits back at criticism over 'dead baby joke' and says he's 'f***ing loving' the outrage  Blac Chyna 'obtains work permits for son King Cairo and daughter Dream' as she is seen at government building She's no wallflower! Kaia Gerber looks just like her supermodel mom Cindy Crawford as the teen appears in a new ad for Marc Jacobs Daisy fragrance Style Swoon: From celebs like Bella Hadid in affordable fashions to the Coach and Rodarte collaboration, FEMAIL reveals the fashions that caught our attention this week Britain's Next Top Model's first transgender contestant Talulah-Eve puts on a busty display in a thigh-skimming nude mini dress as she enjoys night out in London Lisa Rinna, 53, prowls around in leopard print bikini during 20th wedding anniversary vacation with Harry Hamlin Rachel Riley shows off her enviably toned physique in cycling shorts and skin-tight top after trip to the gym Proud mum! Jenny Stefanovic beams in a sheer black frock alongside her sister at the wedding rehearsal as her son Peter prepares to marry Sylvia Jeffreys Something to smile about! MAFS' Jesse Konstantinoff becomes a first home buyer as he picks up the keys to a lavish inner-city Adelaide apartment  'I have so many GREYS!': Model Jesinta Campbell, 25, reveals the stressful reason behind her luscious locks turning grey Need a pick-me-up? Richard Wilkins cuts a tired figure after night at the pub as he grabs coffee just hours before Sylvia Jeffreys' wedding to Peter Stefanovic Look away Frankie! Jamie Laing puts on a cosy display with Hollyoaks' Sophie Porley as he swaps the streets of Chelsea for the cobbles of Cheshire Baby joy! 'NSYNC's Chris Kirkpatrick and wife announce they're expecting first child Announced the exciting news on social media on Friday Professor Paris Hilton! Heiress takes on the role of scientist to save the planet from pollution in funny spoof video campaign for SodaStream 'Love my Spice Girls!' Victoria Beckham appears to offer an olive branch to 'livid' Mel B following Spice Girl skit... as she pokes fun at her matching mannequin's ensemble Party time! Courtney Stodden shows off toned physique in plunging violet romper during night out in LA...after turning heads with her bikini body Mother of the groom: Karl Stefanovic's mum Jenny arrives with the family ahead of brother Peter and Sylvia Jeffreys' nuptials They're already dressing alike! Jennifer Lopez and beau Alex Rodriguez step out in coordinated outfits after athlete calls her 'an amazing girl' Lady in red! Big Brother's Lateysha Grace flaunts her eye-popping curves as she puts on risqué dance display in semi-sheer lace bodysuit Tatt's naughty! Busty Jemma Lucy strips completely naked as she channels Margot Robbie in VERY raunchy Suicide Squad photoshoot 'Incredible': Nick Cannon marvels at his own strength during impressive fitness session while fighting Lupus Rebel Rebel! Evan Rachel Wood pays homage to her 'high priest' David Bowie in androgynous new glam shoot for Elle Canada 'I was alone and suffering': Mary J. Blige on the moment she realized her husband of twelve years didn't want to be with her anymore 'I don't think people will be in the mood to laugh': Alec Baldwin considers retiring SNL impersonation of 'satire-resistant' Donald Trump Going in the right direction? Single Niall Horan gets a hug from a mystery female friend as he dines out in Hollywood Looked close Australian model is the first transgender woman to appear on the cover of iconic fashion magazine GQ Ouch! Brave Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes to the stage with her legs in bandages after BURNING herself... forcing Little Mix to perform as a trio Back in her skinny jeans already! New mum Rebekah Vardy shows off her slender post-baby figure in a chic designer outfit as she hits the shops  In bloom! Pregnant Ciara wears floral crown and flowy white dress to celebrate baby shower with friends and husband Russell Wilson too  'I'm not the same guy': Tim Allen recalls his time in prison for drug trafficking as he says 'I'm extremely grateful for where I am today' 'It feels like a dollhouse': Big Little Lies star Laura Dern opens the doors to her vibrant mid-century home in California  'I lost a child at almost eight months': Katey Sagal opens up about her stillbirth heartbreak while promoting new memoir  'I'm a mixture of white and red with holiday bloat': Playful Katie Piper slips into a tiny coral bikini as she enjoys family beach break to Dubai Heavily-pregnant Daniella Semaan shows off her baby bump in a tight wool dress as she heads to lunch with footballer beau Cesc Fabregas Age-defying Rachel Hunter, 47, flaunts her ample cleavage and trim waist in tiny bikini as she frolics on beach in her native New Zealand Fab in her forties 'I won't get that time back': Beverley Callard discusses bipolar diagnosis following her battle with depression.... before Corrie so-star Charlie Lawson surprises her with 60th birthday bash 'So happy Ivanka joined me': Marla Maples shares very candid throwback snap of herself playing basketball with her former step-daughter - who has said they're 'not close' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear Lucy Mecklenburgh stumbles to taxi before dozing off on the back seat... after raucous night at Ashley James' 30th bash 'It's never too late to turn your life around!' Denise Welch, 58, poses in a bikini looking fantastic as she celebtates five years booze-free 'You're literally killing the internet': Harry Styles' fans go WILD on social media as One Direction heartthrob reveals title of his debut solo single Hot mama! Carol Wright, 56, shows off her flat tummy and toned figure as she poses in a paisley patterned bikini in Dubai beach snap   Doing something Wright! Flower power! TOWIE's Jess Wright flaunts her gorgeous figure in an array of summery floral frocks as she models new clothing line in sunny Chelsea All white now! Doutzen Kroes displays her endless legs in just an oversized cardigan and thigh-high boots as she poses for photoshoot in Paris  EXCLUSIVE: 'I've never fancied someone so much!' Josie Gibson steps out with new welder beau Sam... AND says he's the 'only man who can handle her' Daddy day care! David holds hands with cute Harper, 5, and carries her toy doll through the airport as the Beckhams descend on LA EXCLUSIVE: Gaunt Brad Pitt looks a shadow of his former self in shock new pictures as split from Angelina Jolie takes a toll Yazmin Oukhellou and James Lock hit the town amid feud with Danielle Armstrong... as she sends fans into a frenzy with 'engagement ring' photo 'I should have taken a chance': Melissa Joan Hart reveals she was 'smitten' with co-star Ryan Reynolds on Sabrina the Teenage Witch Pretty in hot pink! Victoria Justice sizzles in cleavage-baring pantsuit for GLAAD Rising Stars Luncheon Joanna Krupa keeps it casual in a tight vest and ripped jeans as she enjoys a girls' night out with her pals  Uncharacteristically demure 'I'm in the movie and they're harassing me': Green Power Ranger Jason David Frank kicked out of premiere for trying to record his cameo on phone 'She has a superpower': Osher Günsberg credits wife Audrey Griffen for helping The Bachelor host come to terms with his depression Going to the club? Lauryn Goodman displays her ample cleavage in dress as sisters Chloe and Amelia follow suit in the Maldives 'It's bittersweet, beautiful and heartbreaking': Lauren Cohan reflects on The Walking Dead season seven finale... as she smoulders in new shoot Love Bugg! Leo DiCaprio's 'ex' Roxy Horner looks smitten as she cosies up to unlikely musician flame Jake at theme park A wild ride!  What's eating Leo's face? Actor DiCaprio attempts to go incognito in a BALACLAVA as he steps out for solo stroll around the streets of NYC Kasabian's You're In Love With A Psycho video showing band members in hospital is slammed for 'sad and tired' mental health stereotype She's got good jeans! Kate Hudson cuts a stylish figure in neutral coat with ripped denim while heading to Good Morning America in NYC  Doing her homework! Sofia Vergara steps out in ripped jeans and sheer blouse as she carries scripts in LA Left an elocution class on Thursday Getting Down(ton) and dirty! Jessica Brown Findlay heats things up in racy onscreen tryst in new drama Harlots... and reveals she had odd way of breaking the ice 'This is a get help or die situation': Stephanie Davis claims Jeremy McConnell will 'spend six weeks in rehab to battle drug addiction' following his dad's death Former TOWIE star Elliott Wright displays his rippling abs as he packs on the PDA with bikini-clad fiancée Sadie Stuart during romantic getaway to Tenerife What a (tummy) tease! Kristen Stewart packs on the PDA with girlfriend Stella Maxwell as they walk hand-in-hand wearing matching crop tops 'I wasn't surprised - she had to do it': Thomas Cohen recalls the harrowing moment he found late wife Peaches Geldof's body in anniversary interview  'He has no shame': will.i.am is branded 'rude' for wearing an earpiece on TV to plug his headphones range (and refusing to remove his hat and sunglasses) Still saving the world! Former Bond Pierce Brosnan is joined by wife Keely Shaye Smith as they promote environmental documentary Flying solo! Karl Stefanovic is by younger brother Peter's side for his wedding to Sylvia Jeffreys... but where's girlfriend Jasmine Yarbrough? Taking her mind off it: Bambi Northwood-Blyth enjoys a day at the beach with hunky model Jordan Barrett as husband Dan Single recovers from balcony fall Newly-single Megan McKenna sizzles in skintight cut-out orange frock as she heads on glamorous girls' night out... after emotional split from Pete Wicks She's getting carried away! Victoria Beckham is lugged through the streets by James Corden as the pair spoof scenes from classic movie Mannequin Getting steamy! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, showcases her lithe frame in a tiny bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Blue Lagoon in Iceland 'There were hard days and still are!' Scott Eastwood emotionally reflects on his friend and co-star Paul Walker's tragic death as he promotes new film EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm still the same sweet, down-to-earth girl': Paris Hilton reveals how running her MULTI-BILLION dollar empire keeps her grounded Emily Ratajkowski bares her pert bosom in a VERY small crop top as she dons lacy underwear and a bright purple wig in racy throwback shot 'I AM NOT pregnant': Lauren Goodger firmly denies she's expecting... hours after hiding under a sheet amid claims she tweeted about a 'baby bump' From hostels to a £4.2m mansion: How did Big Brother star Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace turn her five minutes of fame into a MULTI-MILLION fortune? Keeping a low profile? Make-up free Kylie Jenner ditches her usual glamour as she grabs a coffee amid Tyga's child support row with Blac Chyna 'The kinkier the banana the better!' Lorraine Kelly is left red-faced as she misconstrues TV chef John Whaite's cooking instructions for smutty banter TV's night of nights heading to Sydney? Iconic Logies ceremony eyeing move from Melbourne to Sydney a Cheeky girl! Shanina Shaik shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she frolics on the beach at WAGS star Nicole Williams' bachelorette party Salma Hayek flashes her cleavage in chic knitted midi dress as she accepts her prize at the CinemaCon Big Screen Achievement Awards 'I won the role fair and square': Hugh Jackman reveals he had to audition for the lead role in his own movie The Greatest Showman at ComicCon Michael Caine and glamorous wife Shakira join Morgan Freeman at the star-studded Going In Style world premiere in NYC Legend unite This Morning's Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield accused of being 'condescending' towards ex Dawson Creek star James Van Der Beek Footballer Harry Kane's girlfriend Kate Goodland shows off her trim post-baby body in skinny jeans two months after giving birth on night out in London Brood it like Beckham: David Beckham looks sultry in black and white for Hong Kong magazine cover shoot International cover superstar Mel B is left 'livid' at Victoria Beckham's Carpool Karaoke... as she 'accuses former bandmate of using Spice Girls' music to boost profile' On top form! The Grand Tour host Richard Hammond enjoys a night out with daughter Isabella... as he recovers from high speed motorbike crash Glum Vanessa Paradis looks less than impressed as she sports head-to-toe gold body paint for her role as a living STATUE on the set of Big Bang 'Julian is trying to free the world, I love him for this': Pamela Anderson reveals her feelings for Assange in rambling blog on sex and 'faking orgasms' Rehearsal drinks! Sylvia Jeffreys and Peter Stefanovic gather with loved ones including brother Karl and Richard Wilkins at Kangaroo Valley pub the night before their wedding Proportion parade! Kim Kardashian shows off new shorter hair after ditching extensions as she celebrates famed shape in high-waisted jeans 'It's overwhelming': Widower Rio Ferdinand shares sweet snap of him with his three kids as he thanks fans for their support after emotional documentary All that glitters! Khloe Kardashian shows off her INCREDIBLE figure in a sparkly sheer one-piece during sexy photoshoot Stunning Who says three's a crowd? Newly-divorced Nick Knowles parties with two leggy ladies as he hits the town in London Back on the market The frill of it all! TOWIE's Amber Turner shows off her sensational figure in quirky flares as she hits the town with new love interest Dan Edgar Shannen Doherty looks healthy and happy as she stops by a farmers' market in Malibu just weeks after completing breast cancer treatment Wonder in white! Halle Berry goes braless under thin lacy poncho as she shares VERY sexy snap on Instagram Wowed fans  More money than sense! James Corden fills tank of his $192K Aston Martin at more expensive full serve pump He's really made it Ab-tastic! Sofia Richie shows off her toned physique as she has a pool day with English reality star Vas J Morgan From TOWIE to wowie 'I still feel very warm towards her': Russell Brand on how fame wrecked his marriage to Katy Perry, his 'giddy love' for daughter Mabel and love for her mother Does she get your vote? Scarlett Johansson mulls running for office in the future as she reveals a long-held interest in local politics  Yummy mummies! Pregnant Irina Shayk dons long-sleeved shirt and slippers as she stocks up on strawberries with mother Olga 'It's every girl's dream': Hugh Jackman SAVED an unwitting Zac Efron from a burning building on set as faulty pyrotechnics put his life in danger 'It's a blessing from God': Michael Bublé's brother-in-law praises singer's return to Argentina as son Noah, three, recovers from cancer treatment She's specs-y and she knows it! Gigi Hadid rocks zany orange glasses and a bright tangerine hoodie as she steps out in NYC Bright young thing  A Birkin bag's too heavy for me now, says Jane Birkin, 70: Actress says she prefers to fill her pockets 'like a man'  Inspired one of the most exclusive bags in history Not her best look: Kendall Jenner tucks oversized button-down into Daisy Dukes for outing with sister Kim Kardashian in LA Bizarre combo Kourtney Kardashian goes uber-glam in LBD as she enjoys girls' night out with Larsa Pippen at WeHo hotspot Catch LA Single and mingling Cindy Crawford shares snap of baby grows emblazoned with Tequila brand... after George joked pregnant wife Amal won't let him call twins after it 'The little dancing feet have arrived': Strictly's Anton Du Beke, 50, welcomes twins with girlfriend Hannah Summers, 41 Happy news George's final resting place: Singer is buried next to his beloved mother Lesley at Highgate Cemetery in a 'makeshift tomb'  After private funeral Could Katie Price be in hot water over topless sunbathing? Glamour model 'bends strict Maldivian nudity law' to tan her 32GG chest Flouted the rules Ten years at the top! Aussie actress Naomi Watts beams on stage as she accepts Decade of Achievement In Film award at CinemaCon in Las Vegas Her favorite Legend! Chrissy Teigen shows off cute daughter Luna as she goes on Hollywood shopping spree Just Ordinary People 'Shame on you': John Legend defends Kim Kardashian after nasty dig on Twitter about her plans to have more children  Lashed out  Who's that girl? Grinning Justin Bieber FaceTimes with mystery girl while completing gruelling hike in Brazil Got to keep up with his female fans Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley glows as she displays her blossoming bump in figure-hugging frilled pink dress at Seoul Fashion Week Red hot! Kelly Bensimon flaunts her ample assets in plunging swimsuit as she takes a dip on vacation in Florida Sleek and chic: Chloe Grace Moretz pairs stylish new platinum 'do with plunging bedazzled motorcycle jacket at glitzy event Seriously edgy new look EXCLUSIVE: Mischa Barton opens up about the dark side of fame to Dr Phil and how she exhausted herself by working which left her in a psychiatric hold 'We were a mess': Lauren Pope reveals TOWIE scenes were often cut because she and ex co-star Lauren Goodger went to filming DRUNK after nights out . A vision in white! Naomi Watts displays svelte figure in sheer lace dress as she receives CinemaCon award Lovely in lace 'Here we go again!' Westlife's Kian Egan and wife Jodi Albert announce they're expecting their third child Growing brood Cop a look at me! Hailey Baldwin puts on a very busty display while singing along to The Police Showed off her figure while singing along Bronze ambition! Ferne McCann shows off her stunning figure in a metallic bikini as she posts yet another sizzling snap from her Maldives holiday Steph Davis claims her Twitter was HACKED after penning her love for Jeremy McConnell... following his sharing of a sweet family photo with their son Caben-Albi Imogen Thomas shows off her sensational curves in brightly coloured one-piece as she exhibits her very best gymnastics moves on Miami beach A family affair: Patricia Arquette joins brothers David and Richmond to honor their late sister Alexis at charity benefit in LA United in grief Susan Sarandon enjoys SoHo stroll with mystery man... after FaceTiming granddaughter with Elmo Family focused 'The wheels are falling off a bit!' Mel C, 43, reveals she's feeling the physical effects of ageing... after years of embracing ultra fit Sporty Spice image Winter and war comes to Westeros in dark and brooding teaser with Kit Harington, Emilia Clarke and Lena Headey for Game Of Thrones' seventh season  Alesha Dixon looks summery in a vest top as she joins long term boyfriend at star-studded Thorpe Park launch A wild ride Blade of Conan! Arnold Schwarzenegger jokes 'some things never change' as he cuts Patrick's hair off... and shares sweet flashback photo Abs-olutely ripped! Lily Collins shows off impressively toned torso in black sports bra and sheer leggings while on coffee run in LA Svelte physique Her shining moment! Selena Gomez dazzles in a strapless tangerine dress as she attends the premiere for the series she produced 13 Reasons Why Back in business! Lamar Odom boasts 'another great meeting' following bombshell interview filled with drug and cheating revelations Comeback trail Style and the city: Kate Hudson looks chic as she rocks long green coat and flared trousers in New York Looked high fashion in the Big Apple Kate Mara gives just a peek of her slim torso in a loose top and trousers as she runs errands in West Hollywood Running errands in West Hollywood That's aviary nice dress! Jessica Chastain rocks bird cage frock as she is named Female Star Of The Year at CinemaCon Ruffling feathers Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 1 April 2017 by Military News John Chen Joins Houses ATL’s Board of Directors *Adds Growth and Operational Expertise *Houses ATL announces 300% month over month revenue growth *Houses ATL strengthens sales team with the addition of 11 new agents in past month Atlanta, Georgia – March 31, 2017 – Houses ATL, Atlanta’s leading independent residential real estate brokerage and investment firm, today announced that John L. Chen, founding Chief Financial Officer of MoPub Inc., has joined the board of directors of Houses ATL. “John has a wealth of experience in growing and scaling companies from scratch” said Jamie Cutter, founder and CEO of Houses ATL. “From our initial meeting, John has provided helpful and thoughtful insight and advice. I look forward to our continued partnership, and I’m confident that John is going to make a positive impact on our company as a member of our board of directors as we continue to gain market share.” “I am thrilled to have John join Houses ATL as a member of the board of directors” adds Chris Simpson, Managing Broker of Houses ATL. “I look forward to the assistance that John brings to our team as we continue to grow.” “It’s been exciting to watch Jamie and his talented team grow Houses ATL’s real estate brokerage and investment business,” said John Chen. “The Atlanta metropolitan area has excellent demographic characteristics, a strong growth profile, and provides an excellent base of operations in the Southeastern United States. Jamie has been able to assemble a world-class team of not only real estate professionals, but also leaders in technology and business. I am particularly impressed with Houses ATL’s approach in incorporating data and technology to innovate in the real estate industry, and I look forward to assisting Jamie and his team in realizing their vision.” John Chen graduated with honors from Yale University with a BA in Economics. John began his career as an investment banker with UBS Investment Bank in New York City with a focus on technology. At UBS, John advised and arranged financing for the $4.5 billion acquisition of Travelport by Blackstone, the $1.4 billion sale of Atlanta-based Worldspan to Travelport, and the $700 million initial public offering of Orbitz Worldwide. After UBS, John joined Vector Capital, a San Francisco-based private equity firm with $3.3 billion in capital under management, specializing in transformational investments in established technology businesses. John subsequently joined Google, Inc. and focused on helping Google grow and manage business units at scale. After Google, John served as the founding Chief Financial Officer of MoPub, Inc, a San Francisco and New York City based technology company. Under John’s leadership, MoPub expanded headcount from 10 to over 100 worldwide as revenue grew from pre-revenue to over $100 million in revenue while achieving EBITDA profitability. John assisted in raising 3 rounds of equity capital totalling $20 million and negotiated the acquisition of MoPub by Twitter for $350 million. John is a guest speaker and contributor to the Yale Entrepreneurs and Investors Network. John also actively volunteers with Telluride Association – a Cornell University based nonprofit organization that creates and fosters educational communities that teach leadership and service through democratic participation. About Houses ATL Houses ATL is Atlanta’s leading independent full service discount real estate brokerage and investment firm serving all of metropolitan Atlanta. Led by founder and CEO, Jamie Cutter, Houses ATL has grown revenue over 300% month over month by focusing on providing exceptional service to residential real estate buyers and sellers across the price point spectrum. The team currently has over twenty licensed real estate agents and anticipates doubling by the end of 2017. The company has more than two decades of experience in real estate, not only as brokers but also as principal investors in both residential and commercial markets. Houses ATL has been recognized numerous times by Zillow, Inc. as the top premier agent in metro Atlanta. In addition, Houses ATL has garnered the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the industry on several platforms, including a perfect 5 star rating on Zillow. Houses ATL prides itself in innovation in the real estate industry, investing heavily in both front office and back office technologies in order to assist real estate agents in the field, ultimately strengthening the customer experience. The investment in technology provides financial efficiencies which allows the company to pass the savings on to the customer in the form of reduced seller commissions and a buyer’s reward program. Houses ATL has one of the largest real estate investment portfolios of its brokerage peers in metro Atlanta, owning and managing more than 50 single family homes, several commercial properties and a large residential development project located in Fulton County, Georgia near the Hartsfield Jackson Atlanta Airport. A crown jewel of the company’s commercial holdings is an office building located near the new Atlanta Braves stadium, SunTrust Park. Houses ATL is a member of the Atlanta Board of Realtors, the Cobb Association of Realtors and the Smyrna Business Association. Houses ATL is located at 860 Concord Rd SE, Smyrna, GA 30080. For more information, visit http://www.housesatl.com/ or call (678) 720-8080. About Jamie Cutter Jamie Cutter is a successful entrepreneur and real estate investor. A native South Carolinian, Jamie graduated from Clemson University and later obtained his MBA from Mercer University in Atlanta, Georgia where he currently resides. Jamie began his career as a commercial banker and worked with Wachovia, JPMorgan Chase and SunTrust, where he consistently ranked in the top 5% of sales production company-wide. After a successful six year stint, Jamie decided to pursue his entrepreneurial calling. With over a decade of experience and over one hundred principal real estate transactions in his portfolio, Jamie is determined to grow the brokerage division of Houses ATL. Outside of real estate, Jamie is currently in the process of creating a non-profit organization as a way to give back for all that he’s been blessed with. Jamie enjoys staying active, writing songs and volunteering in community events around Atlanta. Media Contact Company Name: Houses ATL Contact Person: Joe Nichols Email: joe@housesatl.com Phone: 678-720-8080 Country: United States Website: http://housesatl.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Employment, Personal Finance, Real Estate, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 60X Custom Strings Announces Recent Expansion Next PostNext Tenaris presenta Reporte Anual 2016 y convoca a Asamblea General Anual de Accionistas Search Recent Posts StorageVault Reports Fiscal 2016 Annual Results; Highlighting $178.4 Million in Acquisitions; Significant Growth in NOI and FFO; Provides 2017 Outlook China Distance Education Holdings Limited Announces Restructuring of Zhengbao Yucai Moore Steelhead Sanctuary Bill Moves World Lip Balm Market By Product Type, Market, Players And Regions-Forecast To 2021 World Moisture Analyzer Market By Product Type, Market, Players And Regions-Forecast To 2021 Business Contacts Business Directory Proudly powered by WordPress
Firstpost . Saturday, April 01, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Watch: Rahul Gandhi engaged, Robert Vadra spills the beans CM Yogi Adityanath declares Uttar Pradesh a vegetarian state BJP sets prelude to upcoming polls in Gujarat, makes cow slaughter akin to murder Life imprisonment for cow slaughter, makes Gujarat the state with harshest laws on beef ban Rahul Gandhi’s elevation to party president could spark a Congress exodus Chargesheet against Himachal CM Virbhadra Singh, wife in DA case after Delhi HC denies relief Sports India Open 2017: PV Sindhu, Saina Nehwal's intense quarter-final proved it's a rivalry beyond winning IPL 2017: RCB pacer Tymal Mills says Rs 12-crore price tag won't put pressure on him IPL 2017: Cheteshwar Pujara may sneak into tournament after many overseas players pull out IPL 2017: From Steve Smith to Trent Boult, ten overseas players who can set the stage on fire IPL 2017: Umesh Yadav will find it easier to maintain fitness the more he plays, says Zaheer Khan Miami Open: Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal set up dream final with contrasting wins in semis India Finance bill in India, Donald Trump's budget: Legislatures of stealth and global rise of the Right Let them eat cockroach: Will Yogi Adityanath's beef crackdown spur a 'bug revolution' in India? Income Tax: 12 changes that kick in today; here's our tax calculator to help you out Modi to inaugurate longest Chenani-Nashri tunnel in Kashmir: Separatists call for statewide bandh Petrol prices are down around Rs 5 and diesel around Rs 3.5: Price table for metros Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77, diesel by 2.91: Get on to your BS-3 bike and ride on World Finance bill in India, Donald Trump's budget: Legislatures of stealth and global rise of the Right September 11 attacks: FBI releases never-before-seen photos of devastation at Pentagon April Fool's Day: US presidents who should be in the WWE Hall of Fame Venezuela says murders soared to 60 per day in 2016 | Reuters Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case | Reuters Gilbert Baker, inventor of gay rights rainbow flag, dies at 65 | Reuters Business Unitech MD Sanjay Chandra, brother Naresh arrested for money laundering Petrol prices are down around Rs 5 and diesel around Rs 3.5: Price table for metros Petrol price cut by Rs 3.77, diesel by 2.91: Get on to your BS-3 bike and ride on Income tax, SBI min bal, general insurance premium: full list of changes; here's our tax calculator to help you out SBI's minimum account balance, ATM withdrawal charges kick in today: All you need to know Hiking vehicle, health insurance premium rate could blight further insurance awareness and penetration Life Indian soldiers who fought during World War I, largely forgotten, are now being honoured April Fool's Day: Top five pranks to play on your friends and loved ones Women and the workplace: Is the new maternity bill an opportunity for us to reset company cultures? Nirodh to Durex Jeans: The condom ad in India has travelled a long and interesting road April Fool's Day: Take this quiz and see if you can sift fake news from real news Watch: Indians can now get a visa on arrival in the UAE Entertainment Weekend Views: Watch Impractical Jokers, Stand by Me, Avengers and Poorna this April Fool's weekend Legion season 1 review: Marvel's newest superhero TV show is unlike any other in the genre April Fool's Day 2017: From Ishq to Mean Girls, here are the best film and TV pranks Rituparna Sengupta to play a film critic in Sanjoy Nag's Good Morning Sunshine Riteish Deshmukh's Bank-Chor to become first Hindi film to release in 16D technology Watch: Bob Dylan finally agrees to accept his Nobel Prize Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case | Reuters Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case | Reuters ReutersApr, 01 2017 05:30:07 IST #Reuters Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country's president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said.The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other Iranian entities. The letter marks the latest attempt by Manhattan federal prosecutors to raise questions about the role of Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey in representing Zarrab. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, raising potential conflicts of interest. Giuliani and Mukasey "are trying to play a critical - rather than their claimed 'ancillary' - role in this proceeding," acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in the letter. "Mr. Guiliani and Mr. Mukasey's efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in this case." Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), Citigroup Inc (C.N), Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE), HSBC Holdings Plc (HSBA.L), JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N), Standard Chartered Plc (STAN.L), UBS Group AG (UBSG.S) and Wells Fargo & Co (WFC.N). (reporting by Nathan Layne; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: Apr 01, 2017 05:30 am | Updated Date: Apr 01, 2017 05:30 am Also See Factbox - Modi revisits economic reform agenda after landslide election win | Reuters Indian drugmakers face squeeze in U.S. healthcare market | Reuters Airbus says engine issues will not affect A320 NEO deliveries | Reuters Airbus says French probe shows firm's compliance working | Reuters Top Stories Indian soldiers who fought during World War I, largely forgotten, are now being honoured Chasing Veerappan and his Lankan Dreams – India's Most Famous Bandit Manhunt Income Tax: 12 changes that kick in today; here's our tax calculator to help you out IPL 2017: Sunrisers Hyderabad, despite getting stronger, will attempt the near impossible as reigning champs Balanced Funds: Twin advantages of tax and rebalancing Finance bill in India, Donald Trump's budget: Legislatures of stealth and global rise of the Right April Fool's Day 2017: From Ishq to Mean Girls, here are the best film and TV pranks Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 United Arab Emirates beat Papua New Guinea by 82 runs Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 3 runs Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Match Abandoned Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 Pakistan beat West Indies by 6 wickets Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 Bangladesh beat Sri Lanka by 90 runs Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 India beat Australia by 8 wickets South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 New Zealand drew with South Africa Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 7 wickets Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Ireland beat Afghanistan by 3 wickets Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 1st, 2017, 10:00 PM IST ICC World Cricket League Championship, 2015/17 UAE vs PNG - Apr 2nd, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 2nd, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Papua New Guinea in United Arab Emirates, ODI series, 2017 UAE vs PNG - Apr 4th, 2017, 11:30 AM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 4th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 HYD vs BLR - Apr 5th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 T20 International Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Apr 6th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE vs MUM - Apr 6th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Apr 7th, 2017, 07:00 PM IST Indian Premier League, 2017 GUJ vs KOL - Apr 7th, 2017, 08:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus India Open 2017 New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Photos Videos Topics Live SL 161/4 (30.3) - BAN (Yet to bat) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Giuliani sought to end prosecution of Turk in Iran sanctions case Shares1 Sat, 1 Apr 2017-05:04am , Reuters Former New York City Mayor Rudolph Giuliani went to Turkey to meet with the country's president and sought meetings with U.S. government officials in an attempt to end U.S. prosecution of a wealthy Turkish gold trader charged with conspiring to violate U.S. sanctions on Iran, Manhattan federal prosecutors said. The moves were disclosed in a letter on Friday to U.S. District Judge Richard Berman, who is overseeing the case in which the trader, Reza Zarrab, is accused of conspiring with others to conduct illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other Iranian entities. The letter marks the latest attempt by Manhattan federal prosecutors to raise questions about the role of Giuliani and former U.S. Attorney General Michael Mukasey in representing Zarrab. Zarrab allegedly victimized at least eight large banks which are current or former clients of Giuliani and Mukasey's law firms, raising potential conflicts of interest. Giuliani and Mukasey "are trying to play a critical - rather than their claimed 'ancillary' - role in this proceeding," acting U.S. Attorney Joon Kim in Manhattan said in the letter. "Mr. Guiliani and Mr. Mukasey's efforts are aimed at reaching a disposition in this case." Giuliani is a lawyer for Greenberg Traurig, while Mukasey, who is also a former federal judge, is a lawyer for Debevoise & Plimpton. The eight banks are Bank of America Corp, Citigroup Inc, Deutsche Bank AG, HSBC Holdings Plc , JPMorgan Chase & Co, Standard Chartered Plc , UBS Group AG and Wells Fargo & Co. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World China bans burqas, 'abnormal' beards in Muslim province of Xinjiang World Cyclone Debbie kills two, leaves thousands stranded in Australia World Trump brands Russia probe 'witch hunt' as fired NSA Michael Flynn seeks immunity World Once again, Japan kills over 300 whales World South Carolina man charged with trying to join Islamic State World As Flynn's fling with law looks inevitable, Trump advises him to take immunity Live Cricket Score Live SL 161/4 (30.3) BAN (Yet to bat) Full Scorecard | Commentary Related Iran sanctions 15 US firms, citing human rights abuse & cooperation with Israel in 'terrorism' Afghanistan wants more help from US in fight against Taliban, Islamic State China says will push Silk Road projects after UN Security Council endorsement Video Watch: Indian skipper Virat Kohli recieves Padma Shri Award Watch | This heart-wrenching true story of a transgender mother has all the right feels! WATCH | This Sikh man has a unique way to protest hate crimes in the US! View all Tags Iran Manhattan Debevoise & Plimpton Greenberg Traurig JPMorgan Chase New York City Turkey Wells Fargo Michael Mukasey Rudolph Giuliani Guiliani Richard Berman America Corp Bank of America Corp Citigroup Inc Deutsche Bank AG HSBC Holdings Plc JPMorgan Chase & Co Standard Chartered Plc UBS Group AG Wells Fargo & Co. SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News MP Govt vows to reform Romeos, bring bill to hang rapists Macau gambling revenue rises 18 pct in March as high rollers return Shame on you Mr Parrikar and your hunger for Power, tweets Digvijaya Singh Centre seems to be 'unperturbed' by farmers' issues Stalin WORLD NEWS SCHEDULE AT 0600 GMT/2 AM ET @ 4/1/2017 11:36:41 AM Sport Cricket-Ashwin, Vijay to miss IPL, Kohli out for part of tournament Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 30 Basketball-Connecticut's 111-game winning streak ended by buzzer beater Entertainment FLASHBACK: When Shah Rukh Khan asked Priyanka Chopra if she would marry a star like him! Kevin Spacey, Michelle Williams to star in Ridley Scott's next BREAKING! Sunil Grover BACK on The Kapil Sharma Show! Akshay Kumar has a unique way to promote 'Toilet Ek Prem Katha' Laila singer Pawni Pandey takes a DIG at Priyanka Chopra and Parineeti Chopra! Money Maruti sales rise 8.1 pc in March at 1,39,763 units ED raids over 100 locations to crackdown over 300 shell companies India to grow at 7.7 pc in 2018; EMs face newer challenges: FM SBI begins operations as merged entity from April 1 New fiscal year, new rules: From insurance premium to income tax rules, here's what changes from April 1 Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Investment Fund Fires Morgan Lewis for 'Enabling' Trump With Ethics Advice Roy Strom The American Lawyer CONTINUE Jeff Sessions Swipes Calif. Chief Justice for Accusing Feds of 'Stalking' Immigrants Cheryl Miller The Recorder Opinion: Legal Service Corp. Funding is Critical to Justice for All Eve Runyon Law.Com Giuliani, Mukasey Play Mysterious Roles in Case of Turkish Trader Andrew Denney New York Law Journal Fraud Conviction in $23M Scheme Targeting Lawyers Lizzy McLellan The Legal Intelligencer Leaving Big Law: Who’s Going, Why They’re Walking, and How They’re Doing It › In-Depth Analysis Law Firm Spinoffs an Option as Lawyers Look to Go Lean By David Gialanella and Zack Needles|The Legal Intelligencer In-Depth Analysis When Leaving Big Law, the Financial Struggle Is Real News A Quick Turnaround for a Morgan Lewis Lateral Cravath Partner Allen Parker Is Named Wells Fargo GC Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Big Law Rainmakers Spill Their Secrets The American Lawyer Staff Paul's Case Isn't Dead, McCartney Lawyers Say Scott Graham The Recorder If It’s a New Law Dean, It’s Likely a Woman Karen Sloan Law.Com Underestimate Harvard’s New Admissions Strategy at Your Own Risk William D. Henderson Law.Com What's a Law Firm To Do About Anonymous Online Reviews? Sue, of Course Brenda Sapino Jeffreys Texas Lawyer Why General Counsel Oppose Trump's Legal Services Cuts Rebekah Mintzer The National Law Journal Appeals Court: Warrant Needed to Search Car's 'Black Box' Jim Saunders Daily Business Review Popular     If It’s a New Law Dean, It’s Likely a Woman Underestimate Harvard’s New Admissions Strategy at Your Own Risk OMG! Lawyers Suing Buzzfeed Get Creative With Clickbait Court Filing Judge Faces Federal Charges Alleging Sex with Defendants, Bribery Who Rules the World of Litigation Funding? PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Adam Kosloff Planning for Digital Assets Wendy S. Goffe, Kim Kamin and Deborah J. Tedford Industry Insights: A Healthy Demand for Lawyering in the Health Insurance Sector Kristen Rasmussen and Gina Passarella MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Artificial intelligence: patentability of an interface between the human brain and a computer Major Silicon Valley tech companies are rolling out their own AI projects. This briefing looks at the patentability of such projects. Download California approves new regulation to reduce methane emissions from oil and gas facilities The California Air Resources Board has approved a new stringent regulation to curb methane emissions from oil and gas operations in California. Download Employment essentials: March 2017's top 5 Gowling WLG's employment, labour & equalities experts bring you the latest top five employment law developments that may affect your business. Download Brexit: Jurisdiction and Enforcement - all change? The UK has formally triggered Article 50. It is expected that most EU laws will be transferred into our legislative framework but what does this mean for businesses? Download Wife denied divorce by Court of Appeal In a landmark judgment, a wife has been denied a divorce by the Court of Appeal. Download The White Paper on the Great Repeal Bill – scrutiny v speed Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union David Davis has stressed the intention to give businesses, workers, investors and consumers the maximum possible certainty as we leave the EU. Download SEC shortens standard securities settlement cycle from T+3 to T+2 The United States Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted an amendment to Rule 15c6-1 under the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Download California's Automatic Renewal Law: three recent decisions, and what they mean for businesses Yet another trial court has decided the question of whether California's Automatic Renewal Law (ARL) provides a private right of action. The answer is a resounding no. Download FTC approves Final Consent Order allowing Enbridge and Spectra merger The Federal Trade Commission has approved the merger between Enbridge and Spectra, following the parties’ acceptance of certain terms designed to preserve competition. Download Air quality - 2017 A series of legal and political developments have catalysed growing concern among the public towards the health risks of air pollution, especially in urban areas. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Using Background Checks to Hire and Retain Employees Litigation in Twitter Nation: When You Can and Can’t Tweet in #Court Minimizing Distraction: Jurors in the Age of Technology A Constitutional Checklist Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Trump Critics on Climate Policy Hope Executives Can Sway Him The New York Times By HIROKO TABUCHI and DIANE CARDWELL 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL $1T infrastructure crisis threatens safety and the economy 7 reasons you could get less Social Security © Jeremy M. Lange for The New York Times Air and fuel heaters at General Electric’s Gas Turbine Technology Lab in Greenville, S.C. G.E.’s chief has been outspoken about clean energy. Jeffrey R. Immelt, General Electric’s chief executive, says climate change is real, a position at odds with the Trump administration. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 72.08 +0.49 +0.68% Intel Corp INTC ▲ 36.07 +0.32 +0.90% General Electric Co GE ▼ 29.80 -0.07 -0.23% PepsiCo Inc PEP ▼ 111.86 -0.32 -0.29% As a member of a White House manufacturing advisory council, he also has President Trump’s ear. And environmentalists are counting on Mr. Immelt, and other executives close to the president, to use that access to argue for policies to combat global warming when the White House is rolling them back. Sign Up For the Morning Briefing Newsletter The companies’ business objectives and credibility are also at stake. Elon Musk of Tesla, another member of Mr. Trump’s council, is building an energy business intended to avoid the need for fossil fuels in favor of solar panels, batteries and electric vehicles. Doug McMillon of Walmart, the retail giant, has committed his company to a sharp reduction in the planet-warming gases it emits, as has Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, the food and beverage company. BlackRock, the world’s largest publicly traded money manager — whose chief executive, Laurence D. Fink, sits on Mr. Trump’s council — has pledged to press companies to address the effects of climate change on their businesses. And Intel, Johnson & Johnson and Campbell Soup were among hundreds of businesses that urged the United States after Mr. Trump’s election to stick with last year’s Paris climate agreement and its commitment to reduce carbon emissions. “Mr. Trump says the business perspective is especially important, so hearing the business voice is critical,” said Kevin Moss, of the World Resources Institute, an environmental research group in Washington. “The companies are demonstrating that it’s in their business interest to take action on climate,” he said. “The more they’re willing to say that and take action, the stronger the message comes across.” Those hopes have become increasingly urgent as Mr. Trump — against the warnings of scientists, environmentalists and even the government’s own research — has moved to nullify the Obama administration’s efforts on climate change. On Tuesday, Mr. Trump directed the Environmental Protection Agency to start withdrawing and rewriting Mr. Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which would have closed hundreds of coal-fired power plants. In a joint statement after the order, a group of technology companies, including Apple, Amazon, Google and Microsoft, urged Mr. Trump to stay the course. “Strong clean energy and climate policies, like the Clean Power Plan, can make renewable energy supplies more robust and address the serious threat of climate change,” they said. That action also spurred Mr. Immelt to write a blog post to G.E.’s 300,000 employees in which he criticized the rollback. “We believe climate change is real and the science is well accepted,” said the post, first reported by Politico. “This is just the beginning of what will be a long process” of a repeal, he said, but “no matter how it unfolds, it doesn’t change what G.E. believes.” Jennifer Friedman, a General Electric spokeswoman, declined to say whether Mr. Immelt intended to relay his thoughts to Mr. Trump personally. Many other companies also declined to commit their executives to intervening with the president on climate-related policies. But Ms. Friedman emphasized that Mr. Immelt was outspoken, and she cited G.E.’s focus on clean energy, including Current, a subsidiary that focuses on products and services in energy efficiency, renewable generation and energy storage to large customers. “He’s pretty out there and clear,” he said. “That’s his position in every conversation he has.” A PepsiCo spokesman, Jay Cooney, said the company believes that “combating climate change is critical to the future of our company, customers, consumers and our world.” Kevin Gardner of Walmart, said its environmental commitments were “embedded in our business.” Thomas Hushen, spokesman for Campbell Soup, said the company supported “continued U.S. participation in the Paris agreement and the continuation of low-carbon policies and investment in a low-carbon economy.” Campbell’s chief executive, Denise Morrison, participates in Mr. Trump’s advisory council because “we believe it is important to have a voice on matters that will affect our industry, our company and our employees.” Mr. Hushen said. Corporations, especially those with strong consumer brands, have been increasingly responsive to customer and shareholder concerns about climate change. And the global nature of their businesses means many of their customers are in countries where there is a greater acceptance of the science behind climate change, and the need to tackle it. Walmart, Intel, General Motors and Lockheed Martin — all of which have senior executives on Mr. Trump’s business councils — have signed on to the principles of the Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance, a coalition of nonprofit groups working to make corporate purchases of renewable energy easier. Last year, General Motors said it would generate or procure 100 percent of its electricity from renewable sources by 2050. Dell, another company with the president’s ear, says it expects to reduce the energy intensity of its products by 80 percent by 2020. “In many cases, I think businesses disagree with the administration,” said Danielle Fugere, president of As You Sow, a nonprofit group that uses shareholder resolutions to advocate for greater corporate environmental and social responsibility. “People still care about climate change,” she said. “The administration may not, but they do have consumers and employees and reputations to uphold.” Some corporations’ positions on climate change are not as clear-cut as they may seem. Intel joined in a plea for the United States to honor its Paris commitments but was also among companies that submitted comments critical of the carbon pollution regulations in the Clean Power Plan. Environmentalists also worry about the influence of companies that have opposed climate regulations. General Motors and Ford, for example, successfully advocated a review of stringent federal regulations on vehicle pollution. And at least six companies with seats on Mr. Trump’s advisory boards — JPMorgan Chase, Walmart, Boeing, IBM, Dow Chemical and Lockheed Martin — also participate in the Business Roundtable, which in mid-February gave Mr. Trump a wish list of 16 rules it wanted killed, including the Clean Power Plan. (Walmart declined to address the discrepancy between that group’s demands and its climate commitments, and Intel did not respond to requests for comment.) Then there is the former ExxonMobil chief executive, Rex W. Tillerson, now secretary of state. Mr. Tillerson has publicly disparaged the Clean Power Plan, calling it “an unfortunate example of E.P.A. exceeding its authority” in a 2015 speech. But Exxon has also urged the Trump administration not to retreat from the Paris agreement and has supported a tax on carbon emissions. Businesses are pushing for policies to fight climate change “because of a well-balanced economic judgment of whether or not they should,” said Hervé Touati, a managing director at the Rocky Mountain Institute, an environmental research group. He added that sentiment among corporate executives had, after the 2009 global climate conference in Copenhagen, shifted away from the belief that fighting climate change would be too expensive. “In Paris, there was a very significant number of business leaders that had changed their minds and considered that it was going to hurt the economy if we don’t do something,” he said. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The New York Times ‘Just see how I shoot': Norway women joining the hunt The New York Times Suzann Pettersen Leads by One Stroke at ANA Inspiration The New York Times What’s on TV Saturday: ‘Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie’ and ‘Red Dwarf’ The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Perfectly portable: 0.7in thin, 2.4 pounds Take your projects to the next level Spring PC Sale! Save up to $1,100 on select PCs This mouse works on almost any surface! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 8 L/RAIN TOKYO (4 p.m.) Markets 111.81 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Since the Bank of Japan began its yield-curve-control program, the market has been focusing on the bond operations only. | BLOOMBERG Business / Financial Markets Spotlight on BOJ moves from monetary policy to market operations Bloomberg Mar 31, 2017 Article history Online: Mar 31, 2017 Last Modified: Mar 31, 2017 PRINT SHARE Last year, attention on the Bank of Japan focused squarely on its nine-member board and the thinking of key officials at the monetary affairs department. After six months of monetary policy on cruise control, and little prospect of change in 2017, the spotlight has turned to the financial markets department and its daily and monthly operations. While Gov. Haruhiko Kuroda and the board set down basic guidelines in September to pin short-term interest rates at minus 0.1 percent and the yield on 10-year government bonds at about zero percent, they left management of this yield-curve control program to the financial markets department. This means everything from which bonds to buy and when, to how to purchase them, whether it be on a regular schedule or in special actions. “The bond operations have been the only focus of the market since the yield-curve control program began, whereas before it was Kuroda’s comments and the board’s policy statements,” said Maiko Noguchi, a senior economist at Daiwa Securities Co. and a former BOJ official. “Investors can’t help but go this way because of the increasing dominance of the BOJ in the market. Even a small change by them can move the market.” Akio Okuno, the head of the market operations division, and his boss, financial markets department chief Seiichi Shimizu, are key players, leading yield-curve management from nondescript offices on the fourth floor of the BOJ’s Tokyo headquarters, far from the wood-paneled boardroom many floors above. Okuno and his staff make decisions on operations, which they typically run by Shimizu, according to people familiar with the matter. The pair, who combined have more than five decades experience at the central bank, consult Executive Director Masayoshi Amamiya, who has overall oversight of the markets and monetary affairs groups. Okuno’s staff frequently call bond dealers to better understand market conditions, analyzing what they hear and filtering out self-interested advice from traders before determining purchase operations, said the people, who asked not to be named because the matters are private. Last week provides a good example. After the biggest drop in a decade in the rate for bond repurchase agreements, or repos, the bank released an unscheduled one-page statement at 5 p.m. on Thursday announcing that the BOJ would conduct a repo operation the next day. That pushed rates right back to near where they’d been before. Meanwhile, the department’s announcement on the schedule of bond purchases for each month is getting more and more attention. It’s prompted the BOJ to provide more transparency on its intentions by revealing the exact dates for most of its purchases from March. Many investors are also looking at the monthly tally of purchases for signs of a future rate hike or tapering of asset purchases, even though Kuroda has repeatedly said that these market operations don’t provide a guide to monetary policy. But they do affect the market significantly. When the central bank offered to buy fewer bonds than expected in February, 10-year yields shot up. A few hours later, Okuno and his colleagues brought the rate sharply down by offering to buy an unlimited amount of bonds at a fixed rate. The BOJ hasn’t given more information on its plans because a certain amount of vagueness gives it flexibility, said Takafumi Yamawaki, chief rates strategist at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in Tokyo. “This allows various interpretations in the market, so bond traders have to keep a close eye on each operation announcement,” Yamawaki said. “We have to figure out what the BOJ means by ‘about 80 trillion’ by watching the operations. It’s not that important for the overall economy but market participants are living on the smallest changes, like a few basis points.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords BOJ, Haruhiko Kuroda, monetary policy, markets Financial Markets Tokyo stocks fall further on position-adjustment selling Dollar eases to around ¥111 in late Tokyo trading Tokyo stocks fall on halt to yen’s drop Dollar hits ¥111 on strong U.S. consumer confidence data Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now The psychological perils of a Japanese homestay Best parks for cherry-blossom viewing in Tokyo Kim deal chance for North Korea to bury murder evidence, analysts say Japan’s foreign residents sound off in unprecedented survey on discrimination Kansai Electric employees owed ¥1.7 billion in overtime pay For long-distance lovers, apps that make the heart grow fonder Elderly men who dine alone die sooner, study says Spy fiction? Byzantine Russia tale envelops Washington Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
