Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation’s leading health systems and physician organizations („Evolent Health”), today announced the pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC, The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the „Investor Stockholders”) and certain management selling stockholders (the „Management Stockholders” and, together with the Investor Stockholders, the „Selling Stockholders”). The shares of Class A common stock are being sold to the public at a price of $24.65 per share. The offering was upsized from the previously announced offering size of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. The offering is expected to close on May 19, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Evolent Health is not offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”) and has become effective. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, each of which you should read before you invest. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus have been filed with the SEC. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and may be obtained free of charge, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health’s approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 („PSLRA”). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: „believe,” „anticipate,” „expect,” „estimate,” „aim,” „predict,” „potential,” „continue,” „plan,” „project,” „will,” „should,” „shall,” „may,” „might” and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with the SEC include factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/evolent-health-inc-announces-pricing-of-upsized-secondary-public-offering-of-class-a-common-stock-300458123.html SOURCE Evolent Health Related Links http://www.evolenthealth.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsStock Offering Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Outline of TIAA-CREF High-Yield Fund Retail Class (TIYRX) Next PostNext Brief Study of Thrivent Income Fund Class S (LBIIX) Search Recent Posts Cybersecurity Keynote Speaker Edgar Perez Launches Global Cybersecurity Awareness Training Offering Global Steering Column Systems Market 2017 Research Report Falling Returns from Fossil Fuels Prompt Energy Companies to Tap Growth Opportunities in the Renewable Energy Sector 2017 to 2022 Global Optical Fiber Patch Cord Market Research Analysis Report rue21 To Reduce Debt And Focus On Best Peforming Stores Through Chapter 11 Reorganization With Creditor Support And New Capital RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris: IFF), a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world, today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2047. IFF intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay at maturity $250 million of its outstanding 6.25% Series A Senior Notes due September 27, 2017, to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. IFF anticipates that the offering will close on May 18, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, or by mail at Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by e-mail: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, or by mail at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649, or by mail at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY 10014, or by e-mail: prospectus@morganstanley.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Meet IFF International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris:IFF) is a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world. At the heart of our company, we are fueled by a sense of discovery, constantly asking “what if?”. That passion for exploration drives us to co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and beauty, detergents and household goods, as well as beloved foods and beverages. Our 7,400 team members globally take advantage of leading consumer insights, research and development, creative expertise, and customer intimacy to develop differentiated offerings for consumer products. Learn more at www.iff.com, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected closing of the offering and use of proceeds from the offering. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the ability to satisfy customary closing conditions with respect to the offering, prevailing market conditions, and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the offering, IFF and its business can be found in IFF’s SEC filings, including IFF’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on February 28, 2017. IFF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EY Announces Finalists for the Entrepreneur Of The Year® 2017 Award in Orange County Next PostNext Mace Security International Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Search Recent Posts Tencent partners with Alexanders Free Personality Assessment: Hogan X Launches Consumer-Facing Platform UnitedHealthcare Donates $40,000 to the Boys & Girls Club of Washington to Fund Youth Mental Health Programs VAP is Back: VAP Diagnostics Lab Relaunches Advanced Cholesterol Test MetLife Partners with Special Olympics and Habitat for Humanity for EMEA Community Week RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 WannaCry Eurovision 2017 Religion UL Video Home»Business Two more banks eyed after JPMorgan move Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Eamon Quinn Hopes are pinned on luring two more US investment banking giants to Ireland in the coming weeks, as global banks decide on new homes outside London following Brexit. Morgan Stanley and Bank of America Merrill Lynch are now heavily tipped to move at least some jobs out of London into Dublin, according to market sources. After multiple reports over several weeks, Wall Street giant JPMorgan confirmed it was setting up at least part of its home in Ireland and is buying a 130,000 sq ftbuilding, which is under construction in the Dublin docklands. For regulatory purposes, global investment banks must find new European homes inside the EU when the UK formally leaves the bloc in less than two years’ time. JPMorgan already has 500 employees in Ireland and the new building will likely help it accommodate up to 500 more posts which would otherwise be based in London The Irish authorities are courting the largest Wall Street investment giants at an early stage because the big banks have to make contingency plans earlier than other financial firms because of the scale of their activities and regulatory oversight spanning the US, the eurozone, and the UK. In time, all London-based international banks which currently can freely sell their services across the EU through so-called “passport-ing” rights will have to decide which EU financial centre to call their home after Brexit is completed. Though talks have yet to start, the UK has said it will not opt to stay in the single market at this stage. The authorities here are for the moist part competing against Frankfurt and Luxembourg. They hope that the confirmation by JPMorgan will help to encourage other investment banks as they weigh their decisions in the coming weeks. However, that does not mean that Ireland would secure all the jobs that the investment banks would likely shift out of London into other European centres. Morgan Stanley is reportedly also casting an eye over Frankfurt. Goldman Sachs has reportedly opted for Frankfurt, while Barclays may yet decide on Dublin. Nonetheless, securing some of the jobs from two more investment banking giants could help encourage other banking and asset management firms to locate in Ireland. According to estimates, about 9,000 jobs could be up for grabs in the first wave of decisions by the largest global banks this autumn. Thousands more jobs may move out of London but most likely to Frankfurt or Paris if the massive euro payments clearing operations were to shift from the UK. IDA chief executive Martin Shanahan said JPMorgan’s decision to expand here was “a strong vote of confidence in Ireland and its expanding international financial services sector, and shows that our track record, pro-business environment, highly skilled talented workforce and an unwavering commitment to the European single market continues to appeal to investors”. “IDA has been constantly engaged with JPMorgan over the past number of months,” he said. “We are delighted that the company has selected Dublin to grow some of its businesses and confirmed in recent weeks that our capital city will be one of the anchors for their post-Brexit European operations.” READ MORE Visit the section home page here © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section UK employers planning smallest pay rises since 2013 Bank of England adopting too benign a view on Brexit Enterprise Ireland outlines plans for 600 Irish firms Irish exchange-traded funds worth €287bn Breaking Stories Cyber security warning goes to workers across all of Ireland after global hack Lifestyle Guy Ritchie standing by new King Arthur film Grooming goes mainstream for Irish men Making Cents: Make use of energy grants to improve house Steve Wickham is still getting a buzz from his music More From The Irish Examiner QUIZ: Test your general knowledge in 20 questions! Author asks followers about good deeds that backfired and we can't stop laughing Fancy bringing your dog out for a few pints? You can in Cork! A man was arrested for drink-driving after his car reported his crash to the police WATCH: We all went to school with one of these. . . Did you know you could kayak through this Donegal Island? Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Nintendo to bring Zelda to smartphones Apple rumoured to unveil new iPad at WWDC Lotto Results Saturday, May 13, 2017 4 16 33 39 43 47 19 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Cork public asked to report sightings of rat-like coypu Gardaí seek help tracing missing Cork woman Cyclist killed in Cork collision named Paris Jackson defends decision to pose topless as 'beautiful thing' Ireland’s next property crash will happen in seven years State spends €11m caring for just 11 children Pádraic Maher: Cork are a bit like us in 2009 People are seriously done with Fair City’s Katy storyline Here’s what people have been saying about Redwater, the Irish Eastenders spin-off Limerick solicitor John Devane found dead at home; post mortem due today NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month SPORT Tipperary’s tumble has gifted us a summer of intrigue Munster in healthy state as ‘Superman’ Murray set to start LIFESTYLE Guy Ritchie standing by new King Arthur film Grooming goes mainstream for Irish men     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vectura Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Trade Desk Inc (TTD) Price Target Increased to $56.00 by Analysts at Royal Bank of Canada Robert W. Baird Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Shopify Inc (US) (SHOP) Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Price Target Lowered to GBX 210 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Tyman PLC (TYMN) Price Target Increased to GBX 385 by Analysts at Canaccord Genuity John Menzies plc’s (MNZS) “house stock” Rating Reaffirmed at Shore Capital Willdan Group’s (WLDN) “Outperform” Rating Reaffirmed at Wedbush Matson (MATX) Getting Somewhat Positive News Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Mettler-Toledo International (MTD) Given Daily Media Sentiment Score of 0.17 Oasis Petroleum (OAS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Shows Insperity (NSP) Earning Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Neuburgh Advisers LLC Acquires 7,106 Shares of EQT Co. (EQT) American Airlines Group Inc (AAL) Shares Bought by Neuburgh Advisers LLC MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) Stake Lowered by Wedbush Securities Inc. Wedbush Securities Inc. Sells 43,183 Shares of Conn's Inc (CONN) Wedbush Securities Inc. Invests $190,000 in Medical Properties Trust, Inc. (MPW) Wedbush Securities Inc. Sells 430 Shares of Chimera Investment Co. (CIM) RealPage Inc (RP) Chairman Stephen T. Winn Sells 159,600 Shares Parkwood LLC Sells 426 Shares of Amdocs Limited (DOX) Coretx Holdings PLC (COR) Insider William Dobbie Buys 1,580,000 Shares Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc – (JAZZ) CEO Bruce C. Cozadd Sells 30,000 Shares of Stock Vectura Group PLC (VEC) Price Target Lowered to GBX 210 at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) had its target price reduced by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from GBX 240 ($3.10) to GBX 210 ($2.71) in a research note published on Friday morning. JPMorgan Chase & Co. currently has an overweight rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the company. N+1 Singer reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 202 ($2.61) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Investec reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 220 ($2.84) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Stifel Nicolaus reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.90) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Peel Hunt reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 200 ($2.58) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd reissued a buy rating and issued a GBX 225 ($2.90) price target on shares of Vectura Group PLC in a research note on Friday, March 17th. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. Vectura Group PLC presently has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of GBX 215.13 ($2.78). Shares of Vectura Group PLC (LON:VEC) traded down 4.81% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching GBX 124.60. The company had a trading volume of 3,622,532 shares. Vectura Group PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 122.90 and a 52-week high of GBX 172.00. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 147.27 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 142.73. The company’s market cap is GBX 846.03 million. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/vectura-group-plc-vec-price-target-lowered-to-gbx-210-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Vectura Group PLC Vectura Group plc is engaged in research, development and commercialization of therapeutic products and drug delivery systems for human use. The Company’s products include Ultibro Breezhaler (European Union (EU) and Rest of World (RoW)) – LABA-LAMA; Seebri Breezhaler (EU and RoW) – LAMA; AirFluSal Forspiro (EU and RoW) – ICS-LABA; ADVATE (Global) – Antihaemophilic Factor (Recombinant); Adept (Global) – Icodextrin; Anoro Ellipta (Global) – LAMA-LABA; Relvar Ellipta/Breo Ellipta (Global) – ICS-LABA, and Incruse Ellipta (Global) – LAMA. Receive News & Ratings for Vectura Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vectura Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan Chase Declares Preferred Stock Dividend NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) declared a dividend on the outstanding shares of the Firm’s Series V preferred stock. Information can be found on the Firm’s Investor Relations website at jpmorganchase.com/press-releases. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EPA partners with Texas to eliminate water pollution; Awards $2 Million Grant to Texas Commission on Environmental Quality Next PostNext Global Polyisobutenyl Succinic Anhydride (PIBSA) Market 2017 – Lubrizol Search Recent Posts Protecting Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Market Marketing Strategy Analysis with Chain and Sourcing Strategy upto 2022 Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Prostrate Specific Antigen Testing Sales Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Wi-Fi Test Equipment Market | Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Ozone Therapy Units Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi National nonprofits expand partnerships to help low-income families increase financial opportunity LISC and MAF partner to add zero-interest, credit-building loans to suite of education, employment, and financial services News provided by LISC 15 May, 2017, 15:22 ET Share this article NEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is teaming up with Mission Asset Fund (MAF) and JPMorgan Chase to provide zero-interest loans through its Lending Circles program to help low-income people establish and improve credit scores, increase savings, and lay the groundwork for stable and prosperous futures. LISC is incorporating MAF's successful Lending Circles program into some of its 80 Financial Opportunity Centers (FOCs) around the country. FOCs work with more than 20,000 people each year to bridge educational gaps, train for and find good-paying jobs, manage their money, and save for the future. In the Lending Circles model, small groups come together to lend, borrow, and save money collectively. For example, a group of 10 people might agree on a plan to each borrow $1,000. Each participant pays $100 per month for 10 months to fund the loans. MAF reports participants' monthly payments to credit agencies and secures the loans in the event that one member misses a payment; remarkably, MAF has maintained a repayment rate of more than 99 percent. People all over the world use informal social lending practices when bank loans aren't an option. Lending Circles, by reporting payments directly to credit bureaus, transforms these practices into a proven way to establish credit and become integrated into the financial mainstream. "Too often, low-income people are invisible to traditional financial providers," explains José A. Quiñonez, MAF's founder and CEO. "Sixty-four million people in this country don't have credit scores. Another 17 million people don't have access to a bank account. Our goal is to help them overcome those barriers so that they, their families, and their communities can flourish." The majority of Lending Circles participants enroll in the program with the primary goal of establishing or increasing their credit scores. But they use their loans for a range of goals: to pay off expensive debt, establish emergency savings, put a down payment on an apartment, or start their own business. JPMorgan Chase, a longtime financial supporter of both LISC and MAF, is funding this expansion, which includes the addition of two new Lending Circles programs at Financial Opportunity Centers in the Greater Cincinnati area. The experience to date is promising: five Financial Opportunity Centers are now official Lending Circles providers. Collectively, they have provided over $300,000 to nearly 500 participants. Since 2013, JPMorgan Chase has invested close to $3 million in Lending Circles efforts with partners across the country. "Improving the financial health of households leads to stronger, more resilient communities and economies," explained Colleen Briggs, executive director of community innovation, JPMorgan Chase. "JPMorgan Chase is excited to help expand the proven MAF Lending Circles model to LISC clients throughout the country. By establishing and improving credit, this partnership will help more Americans improve their financial security and achieve their long-term goals."    "Poverty should not be a life sentence," said Maurice Jones, LISC president and CEO. "As a country, we need to open new doors for the millions of Americans who haven't been able to share in the opportunities and wealth our economy creates. That means connecting them to the tools they need to earn more, save more, and find a more secure financial footing." Brighton Center, located in Newport, Ky., is of the newest Lending Circles partners. Last month, Brighton Center brought together eight people to form the organization's first circle. The Lending Circles process begins with the Formation, when participants meet for the first time and decide upon the amount to contribute monthly, the order in which they'll receive their loans, and a name for their group. (Brighton Center's eight-member circle proudly named themselves, "Sens8tional"). Brighton Center staff are confident that the Lending Circles program will be a valuable resource for clients who already have a relationship with the organization and are involved in its other programs ranging from job training to childcare. "The families we work with every day want to build a better future for themselves and their children," said Stephanie Stiene, director of financial services with Brighton Center. "But sometimes they don't know where to begin. By giving them a tool they can use to access affordable loans and build credit, families move toward self-sufficiency and financial independence." Another recent addition to the network is Santa Maria Community Services, located in Cincinnati's Greater Price Hill neighborhood. The Lending Circles program fits naturally among the organization's existing services, which are geared toward raising incomes, improving education, boosting health, and supporting youth and families. The seven participants in Santa Maria's first group, dubbed "The A-Team", were thrilled to have access to such a valuable, "win-win" financial service. Santa Maria staff members report that many other clients are eager to take advantage of the program and intend to enroll in the coming months. "By connecting neighbors through shared financial goals, we have the chance not only to help individuals improve their quality of life, but also to fuel economic opportunities that benefit our community as a whole" said Santa Maria's CEO H.A. Musser. "Santa Maria is a catalyst and advocate for Greater Price Hill families to attain their educational, financial, and health goals. The lack of credit-building opportunities in our region keep people from establishing and maintaining financial security. Lending Circles allow families to unlock their full economic potential," he said. About LISC LISC equips struggling communities with the capital, program strategy and know-how to become places where people can thrive. It combines corporate, government and philanthropic resources. Since 1980, LISC has invested $17.3 billion to build or rehab 366,000 affordable homes and apartments and develop 61 million square feet of retail, community and educational space. For more, visit www.lisc.org About MAF Mission Asset Fund (MAF) builds pathways to prosperity through zero-interest, credit-building loans. Over 7,000 people across the country have used MAF's award-winning Lending Circles programs to increase credit scores, pay down debt, and save for important goals like becoming a homeowner, a student, or a U.S. citizen. MAF currently manages a national network of over 50 Lending Circles providers in 17 states and Washington, D.C. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.JPMorganChase.com. Media Contact: Colleen Mulcahy, for LISC 312-342-8244 colleen@mulcahycommunications.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-nonprofits-expand-partnerships-to-help-low-income-families-increase-financial-opportunity-300457721.html SOURCE LISC Related Links http://www.lisc.org 05 Apr, 2017, 14:00 ET Preview: LISC issues $100M in GO bonds to fuel economic opportunity in low-income communities My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 21 Nov, 2016, 14:11 ET LISC issues $100M in GO bonds to fuel economic opportunity in... 21 Nov, 2016, 14:11 ET LISC awarded $85 million in New Markets Tax Credits to spur... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Education Joint Ventures New Products & Services Not For Profit You just read: National nonprofits expand partnerships to help low-income families increase financial opportunity News provided by LISC 15 May, 2017, 15:22 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National nonprofits expand partnerships to help low-income families increase financial opportunity NEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is teaming up with Mission Asset Fund (MAF) and JPMorgan Chase to provide zero-interest loans through its Lending Circles program to help low-income people establish and improve credit scores, increase savings, and lay the groundwork for stable and prosperous futures. LISC is incorporating MAF’s successful Lending Circles program into some of its 80 Financial Opportunity Centers (FOCs) around the country. FOCs work with more than 20,000 people each year to bridge educational gaps, train for and find good-paying jobs, manage their money, and save for the future. In the Lending Circles model, small groups come together to lend, borrow, and save money collectively. For example, a group of 10 people might agree on a plan to each borrow $1,000. Each participant pays $100 per month for 10 months to fund the loans. MAF reports participants’ monthly payments to credit agencies and secures the loans in the event that one member misses a payment; remarkably, MAF has maintained a repayment rate of more than 99 percent. People all over the world use informal social lending practices when bank loans aren’t an option. Lending Circles, by reporting payments directly to credit bureaus, transforms these practices into a proven way to establish credit and become integrated into the financial mainstream. „Too often, low-income people are invisible to traditional financial providers,” explains José A. Quiñonez, MAF’s founder and CEO. „Sixty-four million people in this country don’t have credit scores. Another 17 million people don’t have access to a bank account. Our goal is to help them overcome those barriers so that they, their families, and their communities can flourish.” The majority of Lending Circles participants enroll in the program with the primary goal of establishing or increasing their credit scores. But they use their loans for a range of goals: to pay off expensive debt, establish emergency savings, put a down payment on an apartment, or start their own business. JPMorgan Chase, a longtime financial supporter of both LISC and MAF, is funding this expansion, which includes the addition of two new Lending Circles programs at Financial Opportunity Centers in the Greater Cincinnati area. The experience to date is promising: five Financial Opportunity Centers are now official Lending Circles providers. Collectively, they have provided over $300,000 to nearly 500 participants. Since 2013, JPMorgan Chase has invested close to $3 million in Lending Circles efforts with partners across the country. „Improving the financial health of households leads to stronger, more resilient communities and economies,” explained Colleen Briggs, executive director of community innovation, JPMorgan Chase. „JPMorgan Chase is excited to help expand the proven MAF Lending Circles model to LISC clients throughout the country. By establishing and improving credit, this partnership will help more Americans improve their financial security and achieve their long-term goals.”    „Poverty should not be a life sentence,” said Maurice Jones, LISC president and CEO. „As a country, we need to open new doors for the millions of Americans who haven’t been able to share in the opportunities and wealth our economy creates. That means connecting them to the tools they need to earn more, save more, and find a more secure financial footing.” Brighton Center, located in Newport, Ky., is of the newest Lending Circles partners. Last month, Brighton Center brought together eight people to form the organization’s first circle. The Lending Circles process begins with the Formation, when participants meet for the first time and decide upon the amount to contribute monthly, the order in which they’ll receive their loans, and a name for their group. (Brighton Center’s eight-member circle proudly named themselves, „Sens8tional”). Brighton Center staff are confident that the Lending Circles program will be a valuable resource for clients who already have a relationship with the organization and are involved in its other programs ranging from job training to childcare. „The families we work with every day want to build a better future for themselves and their children,” said Stephanie Stiene, director of financial services with Brighton Center. „But sometimes they don’t know where to begin. By giving them a tool they can use to access affordable loans and build credit, families move toward self-sufficiency and financial independence.” Another recent addition to the network is Santa Maria Community Services, located in Cincinnati’s Greater Price Hill neighborhood. The Lending Circles program fits naturally among the organization’s existing services, which are geared toward raising incomes, improving education, boosting health, and supporting youth and families. The seven participants in Santa Maria’s first group, dubbed „The A-Team”, were thrilled to have access to such a valuable, „win-win” financial service. Santa Maria staff members report that many other clients are eager to take advantage of the program and intend to enroll in the coming months. „By connecting neighbors through shared financial goals, we have the chance not only to help individuals improve their quality of life, but also to fuel economic opportunities that benefit our community as a whole” said Santa Maria’s CEO H.A. Musser. „Santa Maria is a catalyst and advocate for Greater Price Hill families to attain their educational, financial, and health goals. The lack of credit-building opportunities in our region keep people from establishing and maintaining financial security. Lending Circles allow families to unlock their full economic potential,” he said. About LISC LISC equips struggling communities with the capital, program strategy and know-how to become places where people can thrive. It combines corporate, government and philanthropic resources. Since 1980, LISC has invested $17.3 billion to build or rehab 366,000 affordable homes and apartments and develop 61 million square feet of retail, community and educational space. For more, visit www.lisc.org About MAF Mission Asset Fund (MAF) builds pathways to prosperity through zero-interest, credit-building loans. Over 7,000 people across the country have used MAF’s award-winning Lending Circles programs to increase credit scores, pay down debt, and save for important goals like becoming a homeowner, a student, or a U.S. citizen. MAF currently manages a national network of over 50 Lending Circles providers in 17 states and Washington, D.C. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.JPMorganChase.com. Media Contact: Colleen Mulcahy, for LISC 312-342-8244 colleen@mulcahycommunications.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/national-nonprofits-expand-partnerships-to-help-low-income-families-increase-financial-opportunity-300457721.html SOURCE LISC Related Links http://www.lisc.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsJoint Ventures, New Products & Services, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Power Bank Market expected to grow to USD 25.16 billion by 2022 Next PostNext Credi.com Powering „The Bank of Mum and Dad” Search Recent Posts N-Methyl-2-Pyrrolidone (NMP) Market is Expected to Reach US$ 985 Mn by 2020 Boston Foundation Hosts Forum Civic Engagement & Education in Massachusetts on May 18 Containerships plc: Stock Release – Interim report Q1 2017 North America Polarizer Film Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends Aramid Fibre Market to Register Steady Growth During 2015 – 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National nonprofits expand partnerships to help low-income families increase financial opportunity LISC and MAF partner to add zero-interest, credit-building loans to suite of education, employment, and financial services NEW YORK, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is teaming up with Mission Asset Fund (MAF) and JPMorgan Chase to provide zero-interest loans through its Lending Circles program to help low-income people establish and improve credit scores, increase savings, and lay the groundwork for stable and prosperous futures. LISC is incorporating MAF's successful Lending Circles program into some of its 80 Financial Opportunity Centers (FOCs) around the country. FOCs work with more than 20,000 people each year to bridge educational gaps, train for and find good-paying jobs, manage their money, and save for the future. In the Lending Circles model, small groups come together to lend, borrow, and save money collectively. For example, a group of 10 people might agree on a plan to each borrow $1,000. Each participant pays $100 per month for 10 months to fund the loans. MAF reports participants' monthly payments to credit agencies and secures the loans in the event that one member misses a payment; remarkably, MAF has maintained a repayment rate of more than 99 percent. People all over the world use informal social lending practices when bank loans aren't an option. Lending Circles, by reporting payments directly to credit bureaus, transforms these practices into a proven way to establish credit and become integrated into the financial mainstream. "Too often, low-income people are invisible to traditional financial providers," explains José A. Quiñonez, MAF's founder and CEO. "Sixty-four million people in this country don't have credit scores. Another 17 million people don't have access to a bank account. Our goal is to help them overcome those barriers so that they, their families, and their communities can flourish." The majority of Lending Circles participants enroll in the program with the primary goal of establishing or increasing their credit scores. But they use their loans for a range of goals: to pay off expensive debt, establish emergency savings, put a down payment on an apartment, or start their own business. JPMorgan Chase, a longtime financial supporter of both LISC and MAF, is funding this expansion, which includes the addition of two new Lending Circles programs at Financial Opportunity Centers in the Greater Cincinnati area. The experience to date is promising: five Financial Opportunity Centers are now official Lending Circles providers. Collectively, they have provided over $300,000 to nearly 500 participants. Since 2013, JPMorgan Chase has invested close to $3 million in Lending Circles efforts with partners across the country. "Improving the financial health of households leads to stronger, more resilient communities and economies," explained Colleen Briggs, executive director of community innovation, JPMorgan Chase. "JPMorgan Chase is excited to help expand the proven MAF Lending Circles model to LISC clients throughout the country. By establishing and improving credit, this partnership will help more Americans improve their financial security and achieve their long-term goals."    "Poverty should not be a life sentence," said Maurice Jones, LISC president and CEO. "As a country, we need to open new doors for the millions of Americans who haven't been able to share in the opportunities and wealth our economy creates. That means connecting them to the tools they need to earn more, save more, and find a more secure financial footing." Brighton Center, located in Newport, Ky., is of the newest Lending Circles partners. Last month, Brighton Center brought together eight people to form the organization's first circle. The Lending Circles process begins with the Formation, when participants meet for the first time and decide upon the amount to contribute monthly, the order in which they'll receive their loans, and a name for their group. (Brighton Center's eight-member circle proudly named themselves, "Sens8tional"). Brighton Center staff are confident that the Lending Circles program will be a valuable resource for clients who already have a relationship with the organization and are involved in its other programs ranging from job training to childcare. "The families we work with every day want to build a better future for themselves and their children," said Stephanie Stiene, director of financial services with Brighton Center. "But sometimes they don't know where to begin. By giving them a tool they can use to access affordable loans and build credit, families move toward self-sufficiency and financial independence." Another recent addition to the network is Santa Maria Community Services, located in Cincinnati's Greater Price Hill neighborhood. The Lending Circles program fits naturally among the organization's existing services, which are geared toward raising incomes, improving education, boosting health, and supporting youth and families. The seven participants in Santa Maria's first group, dubbed "The A-Team", were thrilled to have access to such a valuable, "win-win" financial service. Santa Maria staff members report that many other clients are eager to take advantage of the program and intend to enroll in the coming months. "By connecting neighbors through shared financial goals, we have the chance not only to help individuals improve their quality of life, but also to fuel economic opportunities that benefit our community as a whole" said Santa Maria's CEO H.A. Musser. "Santa Maria is a catalyst and advocate for Greater Price Hill families to attain their educational, financial, and health goals. The lack of credit-building opportunities in our region keep people from establishing and maintaining financial security. Lending Circles allow families to unlock their full economic potential," he said. About LISC LISC equips struggling communities with the capital, program strategy and know-how to become places where people can thrive. It combines corporate, government and philanthropic resources. Since 1980, LISC has invested $17.3 billion to build or rehab 366,000 affordable homes and apartments and develop 61 million square feet of retail, community and educational space. For more, visit www.lisc.org About MAF Mission Asset Fund (MAF) builds pathways to prosperity through zero-interest, credit-building loans. Over 7,000 people across the country have used MAF's award-winning Lending Circles programs to increase credit scores, pay down debt, and save for important goals like becoming a homeowner, a student, or a U.S. citizen. MAF currently manages a national network of over 50 Lending Circles providers in 17 states and Washington, D.C. About JPMorgan Chase JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.JPMorganChase.com. Media Contact: Colleen Mulcahy, for LISC 312-342-8244 colleen@mulcahycommunications.com   SOURCE LISC CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Education, Joint Ventures, New Products/Services, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kartogenin Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Next PostNext House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, House Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, Sen. John McCain, Sen. Mark Warner, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, Rep. Charlie Dent, Business Roundtable President and CEO Josh Bolten, ADM (Ret.) Mike M Search Recent Posts SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of an Investigation Involving Possible Securities Fraud Violations by Certain Officers and Directors of Forterra, Inc. Reopening of meat exports to Iran is like a new market Call for activating mentorships MSCI Equity Indexes May 2017 Index Review Extended partnership agreement with Electricity Authority RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris: IFF), a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world, today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2047. IFF intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay at maturity $250 million of its outstanding 6.25% Series A Senior Notes due September 27, 2017, to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. IFF anticipates that the offering will close on May 18, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, or by mail at Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by e-mail: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, or by mail at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649, or by mail at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY 10014, or by e-mail: prospectus@morganstanley.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Meet IFF International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris:IFF) is a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world. At the heart of our company, we are fueled by a sense of discovery, constantly asking “what if?”. That passion for exploration drives us to co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and beauty, detergents and household goods, as well as beloved foods and beverages. Our 7,400 team members globally take advantage of leading consumer insights, research and development, creative expertise, and customer intimacy to develop differentiated offerings for consumer products. Learn more at www.iff.com, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected closing of the offering and use of proceeds from the offering. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the ability to satisfy customary closing conditions with respect to the offering, prevailing market conditions, and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the offering, IFF and its business can be found in IFF’s SEC filings, including IFF’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on February 28, 2017. IFF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Cigarette Market Size, Countries Coverage, 2017 Growth Factors, Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Next PostNext Global Cellular M2M Value-Added Services (VAS) Market to grow at a Sensational CAGR of 40.64% during the period 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Tanker moratorium off B.C. North Coast not needed: CAPP Sage Summit 2017: Business Builders of All Sizes Embrace Artificial Intelligence and Automation Imperial Reports First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Tanager Energy Commences Operations on Additional Yegua Prospect Areas in Polk County, Texas City residents less financially confident than suburban and rural counterparts, finds new survey from NeighborWorks America RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 May 15, 2017 02:49 PM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris: IFF), a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world, today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2047. IFF intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay at maturity $250 million of its outstanding 6.25% Series A Senior Notes due September 27, 2017, to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. IFF anticipates that the offering will close on May 18, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, or by mail at Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by e-mail: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, or by mail at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649, or by mail at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY 10014, or by e-mail: prospectus@morganstanley.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Meet IFF International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris:IFF) is a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world. At the heart of our company, we are fueled by a sense of discovery, constantly asking “what if?”. That passion for exploration drives us to co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and beauty, detergents and household goods, as well as beloved foods and beverages. Our 7,400 team members globally take advantage of leading consumer insights, research and development, creative expertise, and customer intimacy to develop differentiated offerings for consumer products. Learn more at www.iff.com, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes “forward-looking statements” under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected closing of the offering and use of proceeds from the offering. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the ability to satisfy customary closing conditions with respect to the offering, prevailing market conditions, and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the offering, IFF and its business can be found in IFF’s SEC filings, including IFF’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on February 28, 2017. IFF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Contacts International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Michael DeVeau, 212-708-7164 VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Michael.DeVeau@iff.com $Cashtags $IFF Contacts International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Michael DeVeau, 212-708-7164 VP, Global Corporate Communications & Investor Relations Michael.DeVeau@iff.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Suche Beliebte SuchenDAX 30 Öl Euro US-Dollar Goldpreis MeistgesuchtDeutsche Bank AG Daimler AG Commerzbank Apple Inc. BASF Volkswagen (VW) AG Vz. ProSiebenSat.1 Media SE Deutsche Telekom AG K+S AG Tesla BMW AG Infineon AG E.ON SE EVOTEC AG Allianz Fan werdenMobil DAX: 12.807 +0,3%ESt50: 3.642 +0,1%TDax: 2.226 +0,7%Dow: 20.982 +0,4%Nas: 6.150 +0,5%Nikkei: 19.920 +0,3%Euro: 1,1018 +0,4%Öl: 52,08 +0,5%Gold: 1.235 +0,4% finanzen.net Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Depot eröffnen Favoriten Shop News Analysen Videos Experten-Kolumnen Themen Lexikon Private Finanzen Ressorts Aktien Anleihen CFD Devisen ETFs Fonds Private Finanzen Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen Rubriken ad-hoc-Meldungen Aktie im Fokus Anlegen und Sparen Ausland Chartanalyse Dividenden Emittenten News Euro am Sonntag Euro Experten-Kolumnen Hedgefonds Immobilien Interviews KAG-News Konjunktur/Wirtschaft Leitzins Marktberichte Nebenwerte Neuemissionen Pressemitteilungen Standardwerte Versicherungen Quellen Business-Insider Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX EQS Group GlobeNewswire MyDividends Newsaktuell Reuters finanzen.net Indizes DAX 30 TecDAX MDAX Nikkei 225 SMI ATX Dow Jones 30 S&P 500 NASDAQ 100 Länder Australien Belgien Deutschland Europa Finnland Frankreich Griechenland Großbritannien Hong Kong Irland Italien Japan Kanada Mexiko Niederlande Norwegen Österreich Portugal Schweden Schweiz Singapur Spanien USA Researchtool Börsenchronik Heute im Fokus Konjunkturdaten +++ Der Blick aufs Fundamentale. In der Sendung "Euer Egmond" geben BNP Paribas und Egmond Haidt heute um 18 Uhr 30 Minuten den etwas anderen Marktausblick +++ Home Aktien International FlavorsFragrances Aktie News zu International FlavorsFragrances IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 15.05.2017 20:49 Bewerten (0) Kommentare IFF Announces Pricing of $500,000,000 Senior Notes Due 2047 FACEBOOK EMAIL DRUCKEN Kommentare Kommentar schreiben Aktien in diesem Artikel International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. 120,25 EUR 0,69% Charts News Analysen Kaufen Verkaufen Top Themen Heute Buffett baut Beteiligungen an Apple und Airlines ausWas Sie am Dienstag an der Börse wissen müssenHier stimmt was nicht! Air Berlin - Fliegendes Fass ohne Boden International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris: IFF), a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world, today announced that it priced an underwritten public offering of $500 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2047. IFF intends to use the net proceeds from the offering to repay at maturity $250 million of its outstanding 6.25% Series A Senior Notes due September 27, 2017, to repay borrowings under its revolving credit facility, to repay amounts outstanding under its commercial paper program, and to use the remaining proceeds for general corporate purposes. IFF anticipates that the offering will close on May 18, 2017, subject to customary closing conditions. Citigroup Global Markets Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. This offering is being made pursuant to an effective shelf registration statement on Form S-3 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC) and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. A copy of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus relating to the offering can be obtained by contacting Citigroup Global Markets Inc. toll-free at 1-800-831-9146, or by mail at Citigroup, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, or by e-mail: prospectus@citi.com; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC collect at 1-212-834-4533, or by mail at J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Investment Grade Syndicate Desk, 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10179; or Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC toll-free at 1-866-718-1649, or by mail at Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, New York, NY 10014, or by e-mail: prospectus@morganstanley.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. Meet IFF International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. (NYSE:IFF) (Euronext Paris:IFF) is a leading innovator of sensorial experiences that move the world. At the heart of our company, we are fueled by a sense of discovery, constantly asking "what if?. That passion for exploration drives us to co-create unique products that consumers taste, smell, or feel in fine fragrances and beauty, detergents and household goods, as well as beloved foods and beverages. Our 7,400 team members globally take advantage of leading consumer insights, research and development, creative expertise, and customer intimacy to develop differentiated offerings for consumer products. Learn more at www.iff.com, Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and LinkedIn. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This press release includes "forward-looking statements under the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including the expected closing of the offering and use of proceeds from the offering. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially, including, but not limited to, the ability to satisfy customary closing conditions with respect to the offering, prevailing market conditions, and the impact of general economic, industry or political conditions in the United States or internationally. Additional risks and uncertainties relating to the offering, IFF and its business can be found in IFFs SEC filings, including IFFs Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 filed with the Commission on February 28, 2017. IFF undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170515006464/en/ FACEBOOK Kommentare lesen Nachrichten zu International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen Peer Group ? Sprache: Alle DE EN Sortieren: Datum meistgelesen 15.12.16 International Flavors & Fragrances gibt Dividende bekannt (MyDividends) 22.09.16 Dividende des Tages - International Flavors & Fragrances (finanzen.net) 04.08.16 International Flavors & Fragrances erhöht die Dividende (MyDividends) Um Ihnen die Übersicht über die große Anzahl an Nachrichten, die jeden Tag für ein Unternehmen erscheinen, etwas zu erleichtern, haben wir den Nachrichtenfeed in folgende Kategorien aufgeteilt: Relevant: Nachrichten von ausgesuchten Quellen, die sich im Speziellen mit diesem Unternehmen befassen Alle: Alle Nachrichten, die dieses Unternehmen betreffen. Z.B. auch Marktberichte die außerdem auch andere Unternehmen betreffen vom Unternehmen: Nachrichten und Adhoc-Meldungen, die vom Unternehmen selbst veröffentlicht werden Peer Group: Nachrichten von Unternehmen, die zur Peer Group gehören mehr International FlavorsFragrances NewsRSS Feed International FlavorsFragrances zu myNews hinzufügen (was ist das?) Analysen zu International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. Alle Buy Hold Sell ? 23.02.2017 International FlavorsFragrances Buy UBS AG 09.01.2017 International FlavorsFragrances Underweight Barclays Capital 08.11.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 11.05.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Deutsche Bank AG 25.01.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 23.02.2017 International FlavorsFragrances Buy UBS AG 08.11.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 25.01.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 03.06.2015 International FlavorsFragrances Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 13.05.2015 International FlavorsFragrances Buy Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. 11.05.2016 International FlavorsFragrances Hold Deutsche Bank AG 13.05.2015 International FlavorsFragrances Neutral UBS AG 16.10.2006 Update International Flavors & Fragrances Inc.: Ne JP Morgan 09.01.2017 International FlavorsFragrances Underweight Barclays Capital Um die Übersicht zu verbessern, haben Sie die Möglichkeit, die Analysen für International Flavors & Fragrances Inc. nach folgenden Kriterien zu filtern. Alle: Alle Empfehlungen Buy: Kaufempfehlungen wie z.B. "kaufen" oder "buy" Hold: Halten-Empfehlungen wie z.B. "halten" oder "neutral" Sell: Verkaufsempfehlungn wie z.B. "verkaufen" oder "reduce" mehr Analysen Newssuche GO Meistgelesene International FlavorsFragrances News Keine Nachrichten gefunden.Weitere International FlavorsFragrances News Anzeige Inside BNP Paribas: dailyDAX  Wieder auf dem Vormarsch. Tendenz: Seitwärts Marktidee: Dow Jones Industrial  im Konsolidierungsmodus HSBC: STOXX® 600 Telecommunications (Weekly) - Untere Umkehr vollzogen DekaBank: Wochenvorschau vom 13. Mai bis 19. Mai 2017 Nach Kursexplosion: Levermann-Anhänger kauft Nvidia-Aktie UBS: Deutsche Telekom AG: Neues Mehrjahreshoch greifbar Société Générale: Neue Discount-Zertifikate auf volatile Aktien Vontobel: Neue Zeichnungsprodukte: Protect Multi Aktienanleihen Anzeige SAP - Digitalisierung ist eine Goldgrube! Das Softwarehaus aus Walldorf dominiert den globalen Markt für Unternehmenssoftware. Selbst das innovative Silicon Valley kann den Deutschen nicht das Wasser reichen. Das hat mittlerweile auch die Wall Street erkannt. Der DAX-Titel befindet sich auf Rekordjagd. Immer mehr US-Investoren springen auf. Im neuen Anlegermagazin lesen Sie, wie die Digitalisierung die Aktie antreibt und warum SAP für Trader und Investoren interessant ist. Anlegermagazin kostenlos erhalten Mehr zur International FlavorsFragrances-Aktie Kurs + Chart Bilanz/GuV Times + Sales Schätzungen Börsenplätze Orderbuch Vergleich Historisch Chart-Analyse Dividende/HV Realtimekurs Termine Analysen Insidertrades Kursziele Profil Fundamentalanalyse Fonds International FlavorsFragrances Peer Group News 15.05.17 DGAP-DD: Symrise AG 15.05.17 DGAP-DD: Symrise AG 15.05.17 DGAP-DD: Symrise AG 12.05.17 ANALYSE-FLASH: Bernstein senkt Symrise auf 'Underperform' - Ziel 57 Euro 11.05.17 Export-Boom: Das sind unsere stärksten Aktien! 10.05.17 ANALYSE-FLASH: Barclays hebt Ziel für Symrise auf 62 Euro - 'Equal Weight' 09.05.17 Balchem Reports Record Earnings in First Quarter 09.05.17 MÄRKTE EUROPA/Aufwärts - Griechen-Rendite auf 8-Jahres-Tief 09.05.17 XETRA-SCHLUSS/DAX weiter auf Rekordjagd 09.05.17 MÄRKTE EUROPA/DAX weiter auf Rekordkurs News von Warum Bitcoin keine Ganoven-Währung wird Bitcoin  das Zahlungsmittel der Bösen? Die FDP hat die glücklichsten Wähler So grillt man heute Der SPD droht das gleiche Schicksal wie der T-Aktie News von Zehn Aktien für die Ewigkeit DAX: 13.000er-Marke wird real Goldpreis: Die Profis sind pessimistisch K+S-Aktie mit Kursfeuerwerk: Ob die Rallye weitergeht - Was Anleger jetzt tun sollten Dax geht nach Rekordlauf die Puste aus - RWE-Aktie und Infineon steigen News von Eine Deutsche gründete ohne Investoren mehrere erfolgreiche Unternehmen - ihre Methode ist simpel und effektiv Eine Personalerin rät: So antwortet man am besten auf die Frage "Warum sollten wir Sie einstellen?" Ein kleines deutsches Startup hat adidas mit einer bahnbrechenden Idee überzeugt Apple arbeitet nicht an einem Auto, sondern an etwas viel größerem 44 der härtesten Fragen, die euch Apple im Vorstellungsgespräch stellt Heute im Fokus DAX stabil erwartet -- Asiens Börsen uneinheitlich -- Buffett baut Beteiligungen an Apple und Airlines aus -- Wall-Street-Schwergewichte engagieren sich bei Snapchat -- Manz-Aktie legt zu: Großauftrag Türkischer Textilkonzern Mavi will an die Börse. Google-Schwester Waymo erzielt Teilerfolg bei Klage gegen Uber. Börsengang vor 20 Jahren: So reich wurden Anleger mit Amazon-Aktien. Ford will wohl Mitarbeiterzahl um rund zehn Prozent senken. STADA-Aktie nachbörslich fest: Neue Runde im Bieterkampf? NACHRICHTEN Aktien Alle 08:55 Uhr DAX daily für Dienstag, 16. Mai 2017 08:54 Uhr BaFin News: Marktmanipulation: Short-Attacken ? Wie Anleger und Emittenten ins Visier von Manipulatoren geraten 08:54 Uhr BaFin News: Bail-in: Gläubigerbeteiligung - Versicherer als Investoren bei Kreditinstituten 08:54 Uhr BaFin News: Basisinformationsblatt: Anwendbarkeit der PRIIPs-Verordnung ab Anfang 2018 nun sicher 08:54 Uhr DGAP-DD: BayWa AG 08:53 Uhr DGAP-DD: BayWa AG (vink. NA) 08:53 Uhr DGAP-DD: BayWa AG (vink. NA) 08:53 Uhr EUREX/DAX-Future startet knapp im Minus Top-Rankings Jobs mit Zukunft und hohem Gehalt Hier wird man auch künftig noch gut bezahlt Jetzt durchklicken KW 19: Analysten-Flops der Woche Diese Aktien stehen auf den Verkauflisten der Experten Jetzt durchklicken KW 19: Analysten-Tops der Woche Diese Aktien stehen auf den Kauflisten der Experten Jetzt durchklicken Die 5 beliebtesten Top-Rankings Metropolen der Superreichen In diesen Städten leben die meisten Milliardäre Jetzt durchklicken Utopische Summen Die teuersten Fußballtransfers der Saison 2016/17 Jetzt durchklicken Länder mit den meisten Aktionären Hier handeln die Menschen am liebsten Jetzt durchklicken Aktion Frühjahrsputz: Die unsinnigsten Subventionen der Bundesregierung So werden Steuergelder verschwendet Jetzt durchklicken Das Geld hinter der Entwicklung So viel Budget haben die Formel 1-Teams 2017 Jetzt durchklicken mehr Top Rankings Umfrage Vom Cyber-Angriff vom Wochenende waren mehr als 200.000 Ziele in über 150 Länder betroffen. Waren auch Sie Ziel dieser Attacke? Ja Nein Abstimmen Direkt zu den Ergebnissen Quicklinks Aktienkurse Beliebteste Aktien Realtimekurse Alle Indizes Top 50 Tops/Flops Insiderdaten Quickcharts Dividenden Portfolio Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net! Jetzt informieren Zur klassischen Ansicht wechseln Kontakt - Impressum - Werben - Pressemehr anzeigen finanzen.net Apps Online Brokerage über finanzen.net Das Beste aus zwei Welten: Handeln Sie für nur 5 Euro Orderprovision* pro Trade unmittelbar aus der Informationswelt von finanzen.net!Jetzt informieren KontaktImpressumWerbenPresseSitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.netDatenschutzDisclaimerNutzungsbedingungen KontaktImpressumWerbenPresseSitemap Arbeiten bei finanzen.netDatenschutzDisclaimerNutzungsbedingungen Aktien Prime Standard:Alle 0-9 A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z DAX MDAX Dow Jones EuroStoxx Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? Problem mit dieser Seite? schlechtsehr gut Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information. Verzögerung Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH News Kurslisten Analysen Devisen Dollarkurs Fonds Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Anleihen Rohstoffe Themen Aktien kaufen Depot eröffnen Portfolio Aktien China Währungsrechner Gold kaufen CFD Aktienkurse Ölpreis Leitzins IPO Börsenkurse Lexikon Börse App finanznachrichten.de Traderfox Beliebte Suchen DAX 30 Öl Euro US-Dollar Goldpreis Meistgesucht Deutsche Bank AG514000 Daimler AG710000 CommerzbankCBK100 Apple Inc.865985 BASFBASF11 Volkswagen (VW) AG Vz.766403 ProSiebenSat.1 Media SEPSM777 Deutsche Telekom AG555750 K+S AGKSAG88 TeslaA1CX3T BMW AG519000 Infineon AG623100 E.ON SEENAG99 EVOTEC AG566480 Allianz840400
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance National CineMedia Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for National CineMedia Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Onconova Therapeutics Inc (ONTX) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Upgraded to Buy by Sidoti Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) a $70.00 Price Target Pacira Pharmaceuticals’ (PCRX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Stake Raised by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Boosted by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Comerica Bank Has $5.14 Million Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Position Raised by Comerica Bank CLS Investments LLC Invests $421,000 in National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Has $5.334 Million Stake in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Texas Yale Capital Corp. Purchases 1,000 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Joint Corp (JYNT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.12 Aspen Investment Management Inc Maintains Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Position Boosted by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet National CineMedia, Inc. (NASDAQ:NCMI) was downgraded by equities research analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating in a note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They currently have a $12.00 price target on the business services provider’s stock, down from their prior price target of $17.00. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target suggests a potential upside of 52.87% from the stock’s current price. Other analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. B. Riley reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $14.00 price objective on shares of National CineMedia in a research report on Sunday, May 7th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of National CineMedia from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Saturday, February 25th. Barrington Research downgraded shares of National CineMedia from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. FBR & Co downgraded shares of National CineMedia from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $12.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG upgraded shares of National CineMedia from an “underperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and cut their price objective for the company from $13.00 to $12.00 in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, five have given a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $14.65. Shares of National CineMedia (NASDAQ:NCMI) traded down 2.04% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $7.69. 850,407 shares of the stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $11.63 and a 200-day moving average price of $13.52. National CineMedia has a 12-month low of $7.67 and a 12-month high of $16.10. The company has a market cap of $465.98 million, a PE ratio of 18.85 and a beta of 0.89. National CineMedia (NASDAQ:NCMI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 4th. The business services provider reported ($0.08) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.05) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $71.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $73.82 million. National CineMedia had a net margin of 3.92% and a negative return on equity of 13.70%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 5.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned ($0.05) earnings per share. On average, equities analysts predict that National CineMedia will post $0.35 EPS for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 1st. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of $0.22 per share. The ex-dividend date is Tuesday, May 16th. This represents a $0.88 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 11.21%. National CineMedia’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 314.30%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/national-cinemedia-inc-ncmi-lowered-to-neutral-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in National CineMedia by 7.6% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 680,033 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $10,010,000 after buying an additional 48,261 shares during the period. First Dallas Securities Inc. increased its stake in National CineMedia by 0.6% in the third quarter. First Dallas Securities Inc. now owns 17,281 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $255,000 after buying an additional 108 shares during the period. Phocas Financial Corp. increased its stake in National CineMedia by 6.5% in the third quarter. Phocas Financial Corp. now owns 462,853 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $6,813,000 after buying an additional 28,244 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in National CineMedia during the fourth quarter worth approximately $710,000. Finally, State Street Corp increased its stake in National CineMedia by 5.5% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,333,819 shares of the business services provider’s stock worth $19,649,000 after buying an additional 69,689 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 91.92% of the company’s stock. About National CineMedia National CineMedia, Inc (NCM, Inc) is a holding company that manages its consolidated subsidiary National CineMedia, LLC (NCM LLC). The Company operates digital in-theater network in North America, allowing NCM LLC to sell advertising and certain third-party theater circuits under long-term network affiliate agreements. Receive News & Ratings for National CineMedia Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for National CineMedia Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Capital One Financial Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Flinton Capital Management LLC Sells 4,114 Shares of DCT Industrial Trust Inc (DCT) Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Stake Boosted by Flinton Capital Management LLC Investment Management of Virginia LLC Maintains Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) FUKOKU MUTUAL LIFE INSURANCE Co Maintains Position in Yum! Brands, Inc. (YUM) Genesee Valley Trust Co. Sells 171 Shares of Fiserv Inc (FISV) Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (TSM) Position Boosted by American Century Companies Inc. American Century Companies Inc. Increases Position in UGI Corp (UGI) Outfront Media Inc (OUT) Shares Sold by Flinton Capital Management LLC American Century Companies Inc. Boosts Stake in Extra Space Storage, Inc. (EXR) Flinton Capital Management LLC Decreases Stake in Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Flinton Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in Rio Tinto plc (RIO) RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 685 Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Pearson plc (PSON) Receives Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Spin Master Corp (TOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Intuit Inc. (INTU) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Accenture Plc (ACN) Insider Sells $266,332.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) EVP Sells $246,345.00 in Stock Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) CEO Sells $265,816.60 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows Investment Management of Virginia LLC Maintains Position in Capital One Financial Corp. (COF) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Investment Management of Virginia LLC maintained its stake in shares of Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The fund owned 4,326 shares of the financial services provider’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Investment Management of Virginia LLC’s holdings in Capital One Financial Corp. were worth $375,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 34.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,546,669 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,260,376,000 after buying an additional 4,511,539 shares during the last quarter. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. raised its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 0.9% in the third quarter. Westbourne Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 33,460 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,403,000 after buying an additional 295 shares during the last quarter. TNB Financial raised its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 6.4% in the third quarter. TNB Financial now owns 83,923 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,028,000 after buying an additional 5,051 shares during the last quarter. First National Trust Co. raised its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 0.3% in the third quarter. First National Trust Co. now owns 21,293 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,530,000 after buying an additional 74 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Timber Creek Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Capital One Financial Corp. by 22.3% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 46,670 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $3,352,000 after buying an additional 8,525 shares during the last quarter. 88.38% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) traded up 2.24% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting $81.18. The stock had a trading volume of 1,093,871 shares. The stock has a market cap of $39.15 billion, a PE ratio of 12.32 and a beta of 1.24. Capital One Financial Corp. has a one year low of $58.03 and a one year high of $96.92. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $83.06 and its 200 day moving average is $85.76. Capital One Financial Corp. also was the target of some unusual options trading activity on Friday. Stock traders acquired 1,056 put options on the company. This represents an increase of approximately 287% compared to the average volume of 273 put options. Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, April 25th. The financial services provider reported $1.75 earnings per share for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.93 by $0.18. The business had revenue of $6.54 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $6.63 billion. Capital One Financial Corp. had a net margin of 13.63% and a return on equity of 8.06%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down .5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $1.84 EPS. Equities research analysts expect that Capital One Financial Corp. will post $7.52 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Stockholders of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.40 per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a $1.60 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.02%. Capital One Financial Corp.’s dividend payout ratio is currently 23.26%. WARNING: This piece was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/investment-management-of-virginia-llc-maintains-position-in-capital-one-financial-corp-cof.html. A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on the company. Instinet raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Stifel Nicolaus lowered Capital One Financial Corp. from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 31st. Nomura raised Capital One Financial Corp. from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $97.00 to $105.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $106.00 target price on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research note on Wednesday, April 5th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Capital One Financial Corp. in a research note on Tuesday, April 4th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating, twelve have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $91.21. In other news, insider Michael Slocum sold 6,276 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $82.16, for a total transaction of $515,636.16. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 61,905 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,086,114.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Jory A. Berson sold 63,562 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $92.08, for a total transaction of $5,852,788.96. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 162,542 shares in the company, valued at approximately $14,966,867.36. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 85,239 shares of company stock worth $7,787,542 in the last 90 days. 1.94% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Capital One Financial Corp. Capital One Financial Corporation is a diversified financial services holding company. The Company, along with its subsidiaries, offers a range of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients through branches, the Internet and other distribution channels. The Company’s segments include Credit Card, Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Other. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding COF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Capital One Financial Corp. (NYSE:COF). Receive News & Ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Capital One Financial Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Online Chat Register for access to the transcript of our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, NGA's chief information security officer. Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press May 15, 2017 1:15 pm 9 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Stocks climb NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks are higher in midday trading on Wall Street. A spurt in oil prices revived energy stocks, which have been among the year’s worst performers, and helped push the Standard & Poor’s 500 index to a record high. Earn 1 CPE credit and learn about government’s data center optimization strategy with analysis from Justice and State departments. Register now for the free webinar. Advertisement Crude jumped on expectations that the global oil glut may ease. Many oil-producing countries around the world have already cut their production in hopes of supporting the price of oil, and Russia and Saudi Arabia said they want to extend the cuts. Cybersecurity company Symantec was up 4 percent as last week’s global cyberattack spread. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 2.34 percent. GLOBAL OIL MARKET Russia, Saudi Arabia back extension of oil output cuts MOSCOW (AP) — Russia and Saudi Arabia want to extend oil production cuts through the first quarter of 2018, in a move the two major producers say would stabilize the market. Congress finds family life at the root of military personnel issues Oil prices rose on the announcement that the countries want to extend the deal, which encompasses both nations in the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and some non-OPEC countries like Russia. The Russian Energy Ministry says extending the cuts through March 31, 2018, would show “producers’ determination to ensure stability, predictability and incremental development of the market.” In late November, OPEC agreed to cut production by 1.2 million barrels a day, the first such reduction agreement since 2008. The following month, 11 non-OPEC oil-producing countries pledged to cut another 558,000 barrels a day, reaching an overall reduction of 1.8 million. BUILDER SENTIMENT US homebuilder sentiment climbs higher in May UNDATED (AP) — U.S. homebuilders are feeling more optimistic about their business prospects, reflecting a recent surge in sales of newly built homes and a lingering shortage of previously occupied homes on the market. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index rose to 70 this month. That’s up two points from 68 in April. Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 since September. The May index exceeded analyst predictions, which called for the reading to hold steady from last month, according to FactSet. Readings gauging builders’ view of sales now and over the next six months also rose from last month, while a measure of traffic by prospective buyers edged lower. SUPREME COURT-BANKRUPTCY Justices rule against consumer in debt collection case WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court says debt collection companies can’t be sued for trying to recover years-old credit card debt from people who seek bankruptcy protection. The justices ruled 5-3 today in favor of Midland Funding, which was trying to collect $1,879 in debt that an Alabama woman had incurred more than 10 years earlier. Aleida Johnson argued that Midland was wrong to go after the debt because Alabama law has a six-year statute of limitations for a creditor to collect overdue payments. A federal appeals court said Johnson could sue Midland for violating the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. The law prohibits collection companies from trying to recover debts outside the statute of limitations. But Justice Stephen Breyer said the law doesn’t apply to bankruptcy proceedings. EUROPE-US-LAPTOPS EU, US to meet Wednesday over in-flight laptop ban BRUSSELS (AP) — European Union and U.S. transport and security officials will meet in Brussels on Wednesday to discuss U.S. plans to broaden an in-flight ban on laptops and tablets to include planes from Europe. European Commission spokesman Margaritis Schinas says the high-level talks are “to jointly assess any new threats and work toward a common approach to address them.” Department of Homeland Security Deputy Secretary Elaine Duke is expected to lead the U.S. delegation. Alarmed at the proposal, which airline officials say is merely a matter of timing, European governments held talks with their U.S. counterparts on Friday. The ban would affect trans-Atlantic routes that carry as many as 65 million people a year on over 400 daily flights, including business travelers who use laptops to work in-flight. BREXIT-BANKS JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears LONDON (AP) — JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain’s exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the “new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union.” JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank’s 16,000 U.K. employees could move. THERMO FISHER-PATHEON Thermo Fisher buying Patheon for $5.2 billion WALTHAM, Mass. (AP) — Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. is buying Patheon for $5.2 billion, giving the scientific instrument maker more access to the contract development and manufacturing organization market. The companies value the transaction at $7.2 billion, including debt. Patheon, which had 2016 revenue of approximately $1.9 billion, will become part of Thermo Fisher’s laboratory products and services unit. Thermo Fisher, which is based in Waltham, Massachusetts, anticipates about $120 million in total savings by the third year after the transaction closes. The deal is expected to close by the end of the year. ANHEUSER BUSCH-INVESTMENTS Anheuser-Busch boosts spending to adapt to fragmented market NEW YORK (AP) — Anheuser-Busch is upgrading its U.S. breweries and plans to build two new distribution centers as it adapts to an increasingly fragmented beer market. The maker of Budweiser, Corona, Stella Artois says the upgrades and new distribution centers in Los Angeles and Columbus, Ohio will allow it to store a greater variety of products and get them to customers faster. The measures are part of the $500 million that the company said Monday it will invest in its U.S. operations this year, marking an increase compared with recent years. It’s a portion of the $3.7 billion in global capital expenditures that the Belgian company had already budgeted for 2017. The investment includes upgrades to breweries in Fort Collins, Colorado and St. Louis, Missouri. The company did not say how many new jobs it expects this year’s U.S. investments to create. It has added around 2,500 jobs since 2013, the company said. Anheuser-Busch employs more than 17,000 people in the U.S. GM MAVEN-NEW YORK GM’s Maven car-sharing launches in New York DETROIT (AP) — General Motors is launching its Maven car-sharing service in New York City. The service lets members rent GM vehicles for up to 28 days at a time. Maven will park 80 vehicles around Manhattan. Using Maven’s smartphone app, members can reserve a time and unlock and start the car when they arrive. Prices vary by vehicle, but it will cost about $100 to use a Chevrolet Cruze for a full day. Maven takes care of the insurance and fuel costs. Maven started a year ago with a small fleet of cars in Ann Arbor, Michigan. The service now has 35,000 members and more than 530 cars on the road in 13 U.S. cities and Kitchener, Ontario. Until now, Chicago, San Francisco and Washington D.C. have been Maven’s biggest markets. EMPIRE STATE-SURVEY New York manufacturing shrank in May as new orders fall WASHINGTON (AP) — Manufacturing in New York state shrank for the first time in seven months in May, as new orders fell and shipments grew more slowly. The Federal Reserve Bank of New York says its Empire State manufacturing index fell last month to minus 1, from 5.2 in April. Any reading below zero signals contraction. The index measures sentiment in New York, but is followed by economists because it provides an early read on factory output nationwide. U.S. factories been expanding since the fall, after an 18-month slump caused by low oil prices, which lowered demand for drilling equipment. The new orders index tumbled to minus 4.4 from 7, while the shipments index declined to 10.6 from 13.7. A gauge of hiring slipped to 11.9, a solid reading, from 13.9. CHEESE-MAPLE INVESTIGATION Cheese worker suspected of stealing for syrup side business MONTPELIER, Vt. (AP) — Federal authorities are investigating a former Cabot cheese employee suspected of stealing machine parts from the Vermont-based company and using them in his side business selling maple syrup production equipment. Randall Swartz is accused of buying parts for Cabot Creamery with company funds and then using them to build machines he sold in his business. Cabot did not say whether the parts are used in any of its equipment. The FBI searched Swartz’s Orleans, Vermont, home in March. The Burlington Free Press first reported on the investigation. Neither Swartz nor his lawyer immediately returned phone calls seeking comment. The FBI says Swartz had worked at Cabot for 20 years and was fired in February for stealing from the company. No charges have been filed. RESTAURANT-HORSE MEAT USDA warns Pittsburgh restaurant that served horse meat PITTSBURGH (AP) — The U.S. Department of Agriculture has warned a Pittsburgh restaurant to not serve horse meat again. KDKA-TV first reported that Cure Restaurant hosted a special dinner with Canadian chefs on May 8 that included horse tartare. The USDA’s Food Safety and Inspection Service says Cure chef and co-owner Justin Severino received a warning letter for illegally bringing horse meat into the country. An inspection determined there were no other horse products brought in by the restaurant or on its menu. Severino says the meat came from a sustainable farm in Canada and isn’t part of the regular menu. The warning letter carries no penalties, but means the restaurant could criminally prosecuted if it serves horse again. Congress has banned the inspection of horse meat for human consumption. OBIT-BRAD GREY Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies at 59 LOS ANGELES (AP) — Brad Grey, who served as the chairman and CEO of Paramount Pictures for 12 years, has died. A family spokesperson said Monday that Grey, who was battling cancer, died Sunday at his home in Holmby Hills, California. He was 59. Before exiting Paramount in February, Grey oversaw franchises like “Star Trek,” Transformers” and “Mission: Impossible” and prestige properties like “The Big Short.” Grey also produced “The Departed,” which won best picture in 2007. A former talent manager who founded the management company Brillstein-Grey Entertainment, Grey also co-founded the production company Plan B Entertainment with Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston. Grey also worked in television, producing “The Sopranos” and “The Larry Sanders Show.” Related Topics All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1800: Washington, D.C. made official capital of United States Fed Photo of the Day Nuclear Regulatory Commission scientist crowned Miss USA Top Stories Air Force asks airmen to help revitalize squadrons Top Story Civil service reform at top of the agenda for Senate subcommittee this year Workforce USDA reorg plan spares major cuts despite Trump budget proposal Workforce Good gov’t groups ask House committee to rescind recent FOIA guidance to Treasury Congress Obituary: NSF CIO Amy Northcutt Reporter's Notebook THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 15, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8819 0.0217 2.24% L 2020 25.5183 0.0534 3.69% L 2030 28.4667 0.0912 5.24% L 2040 30.6687 0.1148 6.00% L 2050 17.5953 0.0748 6.69% G Fund 15.3203 0.0029 0.78% F Fund 17.7544 0.0019 1.75% C Fund 33.3771 0.1625 7.16% S Fund 43.2694 0.3181 5.78% I Fund 27.8087 0.1143 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters NYC Public Advocate Urges JP Morgan to Divest From Private Prison Firms Tied to Trump Agenda By Madina Toure • 05/15/17 12:56pm New York City Public Advocate Letitia James. Andrew Burton/Getty Images Public Advocate Letitia James called on JP Morgan Chase to end its relationship with two private prison companies that she asserted are profiting from President Donald Trump’s aggressive immigrant enforcement agenda. James penned a letter to JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon—an advisor and occasional critic of the president—asking him to terminate his company’s agreements with The Geo Group and CoreCivic, divest whatever assets it has in the companies and to publicly reveal the amount and justification for fees and interest income received that are associated with JP Morgan’s underwriting or lending activities with the companies. She also requested that Dimon donate all fees and interest income linked to those activities to organizations working to provide immigrants with legal assistance, to denounce Trump’s “anti-immigrant agenda” publicly and renounce his role on the president’s business council. “We have a moral and legal responsibility to hold business leaders who are responsible for financing the Trump agenda accountable for their support of these divisive and bigoted policies, and JP Morgan is no exception,” James said in a statement provided to the Observer. “New York City has long been the progressive capital of this country and we will continue to go after any company that tries to compromise that.” She asked Dimon to contact her office by May 25 to explain what JP Morgan will do to end its relationships with The Geo Group and CoreCivic as well as its plans to speak out “against the anti-immigrant abuses perpetrated and considered by President Trump.” In her missive to Dimon, James noted that The Geo Group, whose existence she says “depends on revolving credit from banks such as yours,” has been accused of flouting the Trafficking Victims Protection Act—which governs how the federal government fights human trafficking domestically and globally—by forcing immigrant detainees to work without pay by threatening to put them in solitary confinement. She also said the company recently authored a Texas bill that would enable it to bypass existing law against jailing immigrant children. And she said CoreCivic has been accused of being entangled in controversies including “turning a blind eye toward violence, the potentially preventable deaths of immigrant detainees, and prison labor abuse of immigrants.” She noted that as recently as late 2016, the private prison industry “appeared to be on the ropes” after former President Barack Obama’s Justice Department announced that it would cut down on the use of private prisons. She said that even though stocks in such companies have bounced back under the Trump administration, it is clear that their fortunes are “inextricably tied to a volatile political situation.” She recalled that Trump’s agenda suffered major setbacks given his temporarily-blocked executive orders barring entry to people from Muslim-majority countries and a spending bill that prohibits funding for his proposal to build a wall along the Mexican border. She also noted that private prison stocks momentarily suffered when Attorney General Jeff Sessions caught flak for giving inaccurate testimony to the Senate regarding campaign season meetings he held with Sergey Kislyak, the Russian ambassador. James acknowledged the memo that JP Morgan’s operating committee—which includes Dimon—sent to all employees stating its “unwavering commitment” to all employees in the wake of Trump’s first Muslim travel ban and offering support to anyone affected by it. She also noted his support for a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants and his annual letter to shareholders in early April in which he speaks of the risks that come with “anti-trade and anti-immigration positions.” But she said that JP Morgan is the single largest holder of both The Geo Group and CoreCivic corporate bonds and blasted Dimon’s “continued presence” on Trump’s business council. Dimon turned down Trump’s offer to serve as his treasury secretary. She added that JP Morgan has “millions of dollars” with the city, receives “millions of dollars” in fees as a broker, a consultant and an advisor to the New York City Employee Retirement System—and that NYCERS, to which she is a trustee, has “hundreds of millions of dollars invested in your stocks and fixed income instruments.” She said the institution’s decision to make a long-term investment in the private prison industry raises red flags with respect to the “risk analysis and decision making processes employed by your firm.” The city, she said, may weigh such concerns as it decides which financial institutions with which it will continue to conduct business or to which it will grant future contracts. She added that NYCERS will make similar determinations with respect to determining which advisors to work with and companies in which to invest. “In New York City, we plan to continue investing in our immigrant communities,” James wrote in the letter. “We will do so because it is the right thing to do, and because it makes for smart policy. NYCERS has undertaken a review of its private prison holdings and as a trustee I support the efforts to divest. I want to know that the corporations we do business with share this prudent outlook.” Jonathan Burns, a CoreCivic spokesman, said the company does not draft, lobby for, promote or take positions on proposals, policies or legislation that determine the basis or duration of an individual’s incarceration or detention and that CoreCivic has been operating detention facilities for more than 30 years under Republican and Democratic administrations. He also noted that no child is held in a correctional facility and that they partnered with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement to oversee the construction and management of, which he has recreation areas, classrooms and family housing units. And he added that CoreCivic’s ICE-contracted facilities are contractually required and must adhere to mandated performance-based national detention standards and family residential standards. “The allegations in the letter are blatantly false,” Burns said. “We simply will not tolerate the lack of honesty in the public dialogue about our company or, even worse, the incredibly serious challenges facing our country that our company is working with our partners to solve.” On the allegations of violating the Human Trafficking Act, The Geo Group said that the volunteer work program at all immigration facilities as well as the minimum wage rates and standards associated with the program are set by the federal government under national detention standards. And concerning the Texas bill, the company said that the policies related to the use of family residential centers are set exclusively by the federal government and that it has never taken a position on those policies. “Our company has never taken a position on or advocated for or against specific immigration enforcement and detention policies,” the company said. “As a service provider to the federal government, our focus has always been and remains on providing high-quality services through private sector solutions to meet public sector challenges. On May Day, immigrant advocacy group Make the Road New York and the Center for Popular Democracy launched the “Corporate Backers of Hate” campaign against nine corporations—including JP Morgan and Wells Fargo—they say are profiting from Trump’s agenda. This story has been updated to include comments from CoreCivic and The Geo Group.  SEE ALSO: NYPD Collars May Day Protestors Demonstrating Against Trump’s ‘Greedy Corporate’ Backers New York Politics Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Investing Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital Johnson & Johnson leads the Dow higher after JPMorgan upgrades stock JPMorgan upgraded Johnson & Johnson to overweight from neutral and hiked its price target to $140 from $133, representing 13 percent potential upside. Analyst Michael Weinstein said he expects organic sales growth in the firm's pharma division to "re-accelerate." "We recognize that this is a notably contrarian call today. J&J is coming off a disappointing first quarter, and the second quarter is going to be just as challenging," Weinstein said. Fred Imbert | @foimbert 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Steve Cole Images | Getty Images Johnson & Johnson contributed the most to gains for the Dow Jones industrial average on Monday after analysts at JPMorgan upgraded the stock on expectations of stronger growth in its pharmaceuticals division. JPMorgan upgraded Johnson & Johnson's stock to overweight from neutral and hiked its price target to $140 from $133, representing a 13.2 percent potential upside from Friday's close of $123.64. Analyst Michael Weinstein said he expects organic sales growth in the firm's pharma division to "re-accelerate" from 2 percent in the first half of this year to a range of 5-6 percent in the second half. He added that JPMorgan sees organic growth to range between 6 and 7 percent in 2018. "This should put J&J's pharma growth in 2018 at 2x its pharma peers (3.2%) and enable J&J's overall top-line to accelerate from 1.5-2.0% organic in 1H17 [first-half 2017] to 4.0-4.5% in 2H17 and 4.5-5.0% in 2018," Weinstein said in a note Monday. "We recognize that this is a notably contrarian call today. J&J is coming off a disappointing first quarter, and the second quarter is going to be just as challenging, owing to $340M in 2Q16 gross-to-net adjustments that make for a particularly tough comp," Weinstein added. Johnson & Johnson reported mixed first-quarter results on April 19, as earnings per share topped analyst expectations while revenue missed. "But, ... once J&J gets the second quarter behind it, comps ease considerably, new products should get approved, and clinical trial read-outs become potential catalysts for an improving Pharma business and a reacceleration in top-line growth." Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change DJIA --- JNJ ---
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cadence Bancorporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Bruker Co. (BRKR) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC Cadence Bancorporation (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ball Co. (BLL) Given New $95.00 Price Target at Jefferies Group LLC Scotiabank Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) Berry Global Group’s (BERY) “Buy” Rating Reaffirmed at Royal Bank of Canada BT Group plc (BT) Receives Hold Rating from Berenberg Bank Devon Energy Corp (DVN) Stake Increased by Chicago Equity Partners LLC Chicago Equity Partners LLC Purchases Shares of 23,730 Enterprise Financial Services Corp (EFSC) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Sells 27,635 Shares of Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Wrapmanager Inc. Acquires 3,964 Shares of GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) TELUS Co. (TU) Stake Raised by LSV Asset Management Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $877,000 Position in Regal Entertainment Group (RGC) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $954,000 Position in The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Has $970,000 Stake in Acxiom Co. (ACXM) Chicago Equity Partners LLC Increases Stake in Knoll Inc (KNL) Johnson Outdoors Inc. (JOUT) Shares Bought by LSV Asset Management LSV Asset Management Maintains Stake in PG&E Co. (PCG) Canon Inc (CAJ) Shares Bought by LSV Asset Management Brokerages Anticipate Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) Will Post Earnings of $0.43 Per Share Brokerages Set Alamos Gold Inc (AGI) Target Price at $12.78 Cadence Bancorporation (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) in a research note issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The brokerage set an “overweight” rating and a $26.00 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price indicates a potential upside of 17.22% from the company’s current price. A number of other brokerages have also commented on CADE. Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a research report on Monday, May 8th. They set an “outperform” rating on the stock. SunTrust Banks, Inc. began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a research report on Monday, May 8th. They set a “hold” rating and a $25.00 target price on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a research report on Monday, May 8th. They set a “neutral” rating and a $24.00 target price on the stock. Stephens reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and set a $25.00 target price on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Finally, Robert W. Baird began coverage on shares of Cadence Bancorporation in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $27.00 target price on the stock. Two analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $25.40. Shares of Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) traded down 1.04% on Monday, reaching $21.95. The company had a trading volume of 32,600 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.65 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 25.23. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $22.45 and its 200 day moving average is $22.45. Cadence Bancorporation has a 52 week low of $21.50 and a 52 week high of $23.20. Cadence Bancorporation (NYSE:CADE) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The company reported $0.35 EPS for the quarter. The company had revenue of $98.86 million for the quarter. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cadence Bancorporation (CADE) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/cadence-bancorporation-cade-coverage-initiated-by-analysts-at-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Cadence Bancorporation Cadence Bancorporation is a bank holding company. The Company is focused on middle-market commercial lending, complemented by retail banking and wealth management services, and provides a broad range of banking services to businesses, individuals and business owners. It operates through three segments: Banking, Financial Services and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Cadence Bancorporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cadence Bancorporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Reasons JPMorgan Chase Stock Is a Buy Right Now (and 2 Reasons It Isn't) It’s hard to go wrong with shares of the nation’s biggest bank by assets. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 15, 2017 at 11:41AM Shares of JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) are up 26% since the presidential election in November, but for long-term investors, there are three reasons to believe that its stock is still a buy right now. First and foremost, JPMorgan Chase is an incredibly well-managed bank, as its performance before, during, and after the financial crisis proves. Unlike most of its peers, who went to the government for help to survive the crisis, the government was the one that reached out to JPMorgan Chase, asking it to save a pair of major banks that had run into trouble: Bear Stearns and Washington Mutual. These deals, done for large discounts to the acquired banks' book values, enabled JPMorgan Chase to emerge from the crisis as the nation's biggest bank by assets, passing both Citigroup and Bank of America. The deals also helped JPMorgan Chase become the most well-rounded universal bank in the United States, roughly equally balanced between investment and commercial banking. The net result is that JPMorgan Chase's stock has turned in the best performance among big bank stocks over the past decade: JPM Total Return Price data by YCharts. In addition, at least the way things are playing out right now, there's every reason to believe that the operating environment for banks will only improve in the quarters and years ahead. Interest rates should continue to climb, and the new presidential administration has promised to slash many of the regulations that were enacted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010. These two trends will help JPMorgan Chase on both the top and bottom lines. According to the bank's latest interest rate sensitivity analysis, which you can find on page 65 of its first-quarter 10-Q, a 100-basis-point increase in short- and long-term rates will translate into $2.3 billion worth of added net interest income each year. And while it's hard to get a read on the pecuniary relief banks will realize if regulations are eased, it's fair to say that doing so could meaningfully cut compliance costs at big banks in particular. And it's not as if JPMorgan Chase's stock is overvalued. Its shares currently trades for 1.35 times book value, according to YCharts.com. That's less than the 1.42 average on the KBW Bank Index, which tracks two dozen blue-chip bank stocks. Image source: The Motley Fool. To be clear, there are downsides to buying JPMorgan Chase stock as opposed to investing in another bank. In the first case, as a global systemically important bank, it can't use as much leverage as its smaller and simpler peers in the regional banking space. And because banks make money by leveraging capital, this will weigh on JPMorgan Chase's profitability. Furthermore, because JPMorgan Chase is already so big, there's a limit to how quickly it can grow. And the limit isn't just arithmetic, as banks holding more than 10% of domestic deposits, as JPMorgan Chase does, are legally prohibited from acquiring other depository institutions. But for investors who are less concerned with growth and more interested in stability (and dividends, as JPMorgan Chase's stock yields a respectable 2.3%), shares of the nation's most storied big bank make for a compelling long-term investment. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 15, 2017 at 11:41AM Financials Stocks JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $87.34 up $0.42 (0.48%) Read More A Very Interesting Chart About Bank Stocks Will JPMorgan Chase Raise Its Dividend in 2017? A Foolish Take: An Ominous Sign for the Economy The 4 Most Popular Bank Stocks Held by Hedge Funds The Coming Windfall for Bank Investors Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Reasons JPMorgan Chase Stock Is a Buy Right Now (and 2 Reasons It Isn't) @themotleyfool #stocks $JPM
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Employers, Military Gather for Discussion on Private and Public Partnerships' Impact on Soldier Read By T. D. JacksonJuly 29, 2015 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 2 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Jack Simmons, second from left, Fox Sports Media Group, answers an employment question from the audience during the 3rd Annual Day with the Army Reserve in Crystal City, July 29. The event focused on the U.S. Army Reserve's three major lines of effort in terms of private public partnership collaboration: individual readiness, leader readiness, and unit readiness. Shown are, from left to right: Col. Adam Rocke, Soldier For Life; Simmons; Michelle Recame-Osborne, First Data; John Lund, U.S. Department of Agriculture; Scott Anderson, GE Healthcare; Elizabeth O'Brien, Hiring Our Heroes; and Col. Martin Klein, moderator, Office of the Chief, Army Reserve. (Photo Credit: Capt. Olivia Cobiskey (Army Reserve)) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 2 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Employers, military leaders gather to discuss how private public partnerships positively impact Army Reserve Soldier readiness during the 3rd Annual Day with the Army Reserve in Crystal City, July 29. The event focused on the U.S. Army Reserve's three major lines of effort in terms of private public partnership collaboration: Individual readiness, leader readiness and unit readiness. (Photo Credit: Maj. Angela Wallace) VIEW ORIGINAL CRYSTAL CITY, Va.--Just as most military operations begin with a rundown of goals, objectives and safety measures, so too did the 3rd Annual Day with the Army Reserve. After a safety briefing, complete with instructions on how to awaken your snoring "battle buddy," attendees were afforded the opportunity to understand the how and why of partnership with the U.S. Army Reserve Private Public Partnership (P3) in Crystal City, July 29. "The idea was to bring current and future private sector partners together to collaborate and discuss different ways our organizations can work together and benefit each other," said Erin Thede, director of P3. "We want employers to understand and appreciate the benefits their organizations can achieve through a partnership with the Army Reserve's P3 while assisting their Army Reserve Soldiers." The theme for the day was 'Generating Readiness through Partnerships' and this year's event focused on the U.S. Army Reserve's three major lines of effort in terms of private public partnership collaboration: individual readiness, leader readiness, and unit readiness. The event also showcased an employer panel, featuring local and national employers who were invited to talk about their experience with and the advantages of hiring veterans in addition to fielding questions from the audience on topics such as educating non-military employees on how to welcome veterans into the work place. Employment Panel Anthony Odierno, executive director of military and veterans affairs at JPMorgan Chase, spoke about his organization's commitment to hiring our nation's heroes. "Our leadership has dedicated significant resources to build out our military and veteran employment program, and since 2011, JP Morgan Chase has hired over 9,100 veterans and military spouses," said Odierno. JP Morgan Chase is a part of the 100,000 Jobs Mission, a collaboration among private sector companies that, at the onset, committed to collectively hiring 100,000 veterans by 2020. Currently the companies have exceeded their goal and have hired more than 240,000 veterans. Odierno, a retired Army captain and West Point graduate, explained that working with P3 and similar organizations provides access to a talent pool unlike any other. "Army Reserve Soldiers already possess the technical skills our company values," said Odierno. "They already live the Army core values and have tested leadership and decision-making abilities." Individual Readiness Panel During the "individual readiness" segment of the day non-profit and private sector representatives focused on sharing opportunities and resources to advance veterans' physical, mental, emotional, spiritual and financial readiness. Resources such as Team Red White and Blue and Give an Hour, recent additions to P3's arsenal of partnerships, have similar missions of maintaining Soldiers' fitness. However, while Team RWB aims to connect veterans to their community through physical and social activity, Give an Hour focuses on mental health and provides free counseling services to Army Reserve Soldiers, Families, and veterans. What makes GAH different, noted panel member and chief operating officer Nancy St. Claire, is that clinicians at GAH understand the route to a balanced life is not the same for everyone, hence the option of alternative therapy. "One size doesn't fit all in terms of how people feel," said St. Claire, a licensed professional counselor. "Our providers provide free mental health counseling but we also have individuals that are able to assist by teaching yoga classes and equine therapy. We have a vast network of people nationwide who really care about our service members and their Families and who are willing to donate their time for free to do that." Additionally, Give an Hour and the Army Reserve will continue to address the stigma associated with using mental health services by leading education, training, and outreach efforts in military communities, St. Claire added. Unit Readiness Considering P3 has evolved into more than a career-services program, it's no wonder that some of its huge success is owed to the private and public partnerships that provide opportunities for Soldiers to make an impact on local communities while simultaneously fulfilling Army Reserve training requirements. The 9th Mission Support Command was one of the first unit in Hawaii to leverage a partnership to employ, train, and enhance the skills of its Army Reserve Soldiers. Brig. Gen. John Cardwell, commander, 9th MSC, signed an agreement with Honolulu Habitat for Humanity, allowing its Soldiers to participate in projects that add value to the community of Oahu. Maj. Shane Vinales, an Army Reserve officer assigned to U.S. Army Pacific, said he hopes to replicate that success and is working with various agencies including a host of non-profit organizations to deliver medical equipment to Western Samoa. A civil affairs officer, Vinales said the experience, education, and training from these professional endeavors not only benefit the Army Reserve Soldier, they help private sector organizations and local community. "Our Soldiers are getting the training value, and the non-profits get help in delivering the supplies and providing assistance, and the recipients are thankful," he said. Thede, reflecting on this mutually advantageous type of collaboration, said understanding and communicating the dual nature of the Army Reserve is a key part of the story. "The greatest strength of the Army Reserve is the civilian-acquired skills of its Soldiers. It is this, coupled with their military capabilities and military leadership, which add value to the Army, the Soldiers' communities, and to the nation," said Thede. RELATED LINKS Private Public Partnership Private Public Partnership Initiative unveiled Lt. Gen. Talley outlines US Army Reserve private-public partnership Army Reserve promotes Private Public Partnership at New Jersey job fair RELATED STORIES May 2, 2017Army Reserve general honors World-War-II veteran May 1, 2017Training sustainment Soldiers in the Army Reserve May 8, 2017Security enterprise recognizes international partnership May 1, 2017Private First Class Vanessa Donham: Shattering Glass Ceilings May 4, 2017Guard and Reserve Soldiers team up for cyber defense May 2, 2017Veteran James Pierce: Continuing to Serve May 9, 2017Wyoming National Guard & Tunisia continue to perfect partnership May 8, 2017Vietnam Veterans honored for service at ceremony in Wiesbaden May 5, 2017RIA participates in Honor Flight, pays tribute to veterans May 7, 2017Army Reserve medical unit in Germany has a new commander May 4, 201753rd Quartermaster Company builds pipeline with Reserve partners at Fort Pickett, Virginia May 2, 2017KATUSA Veterans visit new Eighth Army home April 24, 2017TRADOC celebrates the U.S. Army Reserve birthday April 26, 2017Desert Medics, ARCENT celebrate 25 years of partnership April 26, 2017USARAF builds, strengthens partnerships through accord exercises May 5, 2017German-American Partnership Celebrated at World War II Observance in Obersalzberg Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Reviews Home »Business & Finance » Banking & Finance » JPMorgan buys bigger Dublin office under Brexit plans Banking & Finance JPMorgan buys bigger Dublin office under Brexit plans Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui May 15th, 2017 19:38 0   DUBLIN: JPMorgan on Monday announced a deal to buy a bigger Dublin office to accommodate more than 1,000 employees as the US banking giant seeks to relocate London staff over Brexit. The bank, which employs 500 people in the Irish capital, had already said that it would relocate hundreds of workers from London to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg because of Britain's vote in favour of exiting the European Union. "Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours," Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, said in a statement Monday. "Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." Britain's financial sector fears the loss of "passporting" rights that allow EU member states to trade across national borders. US investment bank Goldman Sachs and HSBC have also spoken of switching staff out of London because of Brexit. On the other hand, Germany's Deutsche Bank recently picked a site for its new British headquarters, highlighting its commitment to London. A consortium comprising Kennedy Wilson, Fairfax Financial Holdings and Irish state-run National Asset Management Agency on Monday said that it had sold the 12,000 square metre Capital Dock office building, due for completion in the final quarter of 2018, for an undisclosed amount. "We are excited to welcome JPMorgan, through its acquisition of 200 Capital Dock, as the first major office occupier to commit to this best-in-class, mixed-use, campus development, to grow its existing business and meet its long-term plans in Ireland," said William McMorrow, chairperson and CEO of property group Kennedy Wilson. The Irish government welcomed the deal, describing it as "a huge vote of confidence in our economic policies". "This announcement by a leading investment bank will create a large number of high-quality jobs and this is very positive and very welcome," Minister for Jobs, Enterprise and Innovation Mary Mitchell O'Connor said in a statement.   Copyright AFP (Agence France-Press), 2017        Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author Shoaib Ur Rehman Siddiqui Previous Golden Dawn MP ejected from Greek parliament after shoving match Next US stocks boosted by gains in oil shares Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Brexit: JPMorgan agrees to buy new Dublin office for 1,000 staff Bank says new space will give it 'flexibility within the European Union' Conor Humphries Monday 15 May 2017 12:45 BST Click to follow Ireland has engaged in a major lobbying campaign to try to convince companies with large bases in the UK to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland Reuters JPMorgan has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the Irish government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The US investment bank will acquire a 130,000 sq ft  building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin’s docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the UK. Read more JPMorgan confirms hundreds of UK jobs to move to EU because of Brexit ​JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan’s head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its EU operations after Brexit. “This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union,” senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged in a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest US investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. Business picture of the day 28 show all Business picture of the day 1/28 Andy Murray funds company behind world's first foldable bike helmet - Monday May 15 He may be almost unbeatable on the tennis court, but how will Andy Murray fare in the world of investing? On Monday, a company that claims to make the world's first folding bike helmet announced that the tennis pro was one of more than 400 individuals who had helped it raise nearly £700,000 on crowdfunding platform Seedrs. Morpher’s bike helmets fold and unfold, meaning that they can easily be slipped into a bag when not in use, catering to cyclists who find normal helmets cumbersome to carry around. Morpher 2/28 Morrisons will sell 'wonky avocados' for just 39p from Monday as demand hit record levels - Friday May 12 Morrisons will start selling deformed avocados at a third of the average cost of normally-shaped ones as growing demand and reduced harvests from major producers has pushed up prices in recent weeks. The supermarket said on Friday that it would start selling the misshapen and superficially blemished fruits for 39p each or £2.40 a kilogramme in the majority of its stores across the UK starting from 15 May until the end of the summer. Morrisons claims that its offer is the cheapest on the UK market and compares to an average retail price of £1.05 apiece, which is up from 98p last year. Morrisons 3/28 Unilever develops technology to prevent billions of plastic sachets from entering into oceans - Thuesday 11 May Unilever, the consumer goods giant behind brands such as Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Marmite, is making a big push toward more sustainable packaging. The company sells billions of products in single-use sachets each year, including cosmetics and food products, particularly in developing and emerging markets. It says that it has now developed new technology to recycle them, which will prevent packaging from ending up in our oceans or in landfill. Through a system called CreaSolv Process, the plastic from the sachets will be recovered and then used to create new ones for Unilever products – creating a full circular economy approach. Unilever 4/28 Euro hits a six-month high after Emmanuel Macron’s French presidential victory - Monday 8 May The euro hit a six-month high against the dollar on Monday and US stock futures briefly touched a record high after Emmanuel Macron won the French presidential election, easily beating anti-EU rival Marine le Pen. Reuters 5/28 Princess Charlotte's John Lewis cardigan from birthday photo sells out - Tuesday 2 May A knitted yellow John Lewis cardigan adorned with pictures of sheep has sold out after Princess Charlotte was photographed wearing the item, prompting a surge in demand from British parents wanting to dress their offspring like the young royal. John Lewis confirmed that the clothing item sold out online shortly after the photograph was published, although a coordinating prink dress, selling for £10 on the John Lewis’ website, was still available on Tuesday morning. HRH The Duchess of Cambridge via Getty Images 6/28 Dubai becomes first city in world with own Microsoft font - Monday 1 May Dubai has become the first city in the world to get its own front, the government announced on Sunday. The type face, simply called “Dubai Font”, comes in both Arabic and Latin script and will be available in 23 languages. It was created in partnership with Microsoft and is now available to Microsoft Office 365 users around the world. Getty 7/28 Donald Trump administration loses trade battle over tuna as WTO lets Mexico hit US with sanctions - Wednesday April 26 The US has just lost a major trade battle with Mexico and it revolved around tuna. On Tuesday, the World Trade Organisation ruled that Mexico is allowed to impose $163m (£127m) a year in sanctions against the US on trade in tuna, ending a years-long dispute. The clash, which dates back to 2008, centred on the US insisting that any Mexican tuna sold in the US must have a ‘dolphin safe’ guarantee, meaning that no dolphins were killed by fishermen catching the tuna. Reuters 8/28 Luxury brand LVMH to snap up Christian Dior for £10bn - Tuesday 25 April French billionaire Bernard Arnault moved to consolidate control over Christian Dior for about €12.1bn (£10.3bn), folding the fashion house’s operations into the LVMH luxury empire in one of his biggest transactions. Rex 9/28 Euro and shares rally after Emmanuel Macron wins first voting round of French election - Monday 24 April The euro briefly surged to a five-month high against a basket of currencies late Sunday after centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron won the first round of a hotly contested French election vote, an outcome broadly considered the most market-friendly. Immediately after the vote, the euro surged to $1.0940, its highest level against the dollar since November last year, before retreating to around $1.0869. Reuters 10/28 Barbie out of fashion as Mattel slumps - Friday 21 April Mattel shares took a hit after the world’s largest toy company reported a much worse than expected sales slump dragged down by poor demand for key brands such as Barbie and Fisher-Price. Shares in the company dropped 6 per cent to $23.70 (£18.50) in after-hours trading in New York on Thursday after the toymaker reported a loss of $133.2m or 33 cents per share for the three months to 31 March. Barbie sales, which begun to recover last year after the toymaker introduced new dolls with different body types and skin colours, slipped again with gross sales down 13 per cent compared to a year ago - their second consecutive quarter of decline. AFP/Getty 11/28 Government to sell Green Investment Bank to Macquarie in £2.3bn deal - Thursday 20 April The British Government said on Thursday it would sell Green Investment Bank to a consortium led by Macquarie Bank in a deal worth £2.3bn. The British Government set up GIB, which backs green projects with public funds, in 2012 as a commercial venture to spur private investment in green projects. It has invested more than £2bn in projects such as offshore wind farms and waste management. The Government decided to sell a majority stake in 2015, saying it would give the bank more freedom to borrow, remove state aid restrictions and allow it to attract more capital. AFP/ Getty Images 12/28 Snap election threatens Government plan to finally lower energy bills - Wednesday 19 April Energy customers face further delays from government in dealing with with soaring bills, MPs heard on Wednesday. Business secretary Greg Clark accused companies of “flagrant mistreatment” and “milking” their customers in a “broken” market, but insisted the snap general election announced by Theresa May on Tuesday meant he would “have to reflect on the timing” to lay out his long-awaited plans for a crackdown. Getty/iStockphoto 13/28 Pound sterling surges as Theresa May calls for 8 June general election - Tuesday 18 April The pound surged against the dollar on Tuesday to its highest level since last December after Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted a general election on 8 June. When Ms May announced she wanted a new national poll, at around 11.05am, the pound instantly jumped, climbing to $1.2765 by the end of trading, up 1.62 per cent on the day and the highest since 13 December. It was also sterling's biggest one day jump since March 2016. 14/28 China's first quarter growth beats expectations - Monday 17 April This aerial photo taken on April 12, 2017 shows farmers working in the fields in Yangzhou, in eastern China's Jiangsu province. ina's growth stabilised in the first quarter thanks to rising investments and a recovery in exports. cording to an AFP survey of 16 economic analysts, the gross domestic product expanded 6.8 percent in the first three months of this year Getty Images 15/28 Rome’s Trevi Fountain generates €1.4m for city’s charities in 2016 - Thursday April 13 Rome’s Trevi Fountain was a veritable cash cow for the Eternal city’s charities in 2016, according to new data. The charity Caritas said this week that tourists tossed €1.4m (£1.2m) into the baroque fountain last year, helping to subsidise a supermarket for Rome’s needy Andreas Solaro/AFP/Getty Images 16/28 Pret and Paul offer discount to customers who bring their own coffee cup - Monday April 10 French bakery group Paul and sandwich chain Pret a Manger will begin offering discounts to customers bringing in their own reusable cups, yielding to pressure from environmental groups concerned about the mountains of cardboard waste generated in the UK each year. 17/28 Doritos, Coco Pops, Peperami among latest products to be hit by shrinkflation - Thursday April 6 Bags of Doritos, packets Peperami and boxes Coco Pops have become the latest treats to shrink in size as retailers passed on surging costs from the Brexit-hit pound and rising commodity prices. 18/28 Cuban family making their own wine brand using condoms - Wednesday April 5 family wine business in Cuba is thriving thanks in part to an unconventional item being added into the fermentation process – condoms. As a result of the US trade embargo and other inefficiencies of Cuba's economy, thousands of basic household items are inaccessible to Cubans meaning that sometimes a little creativity is required to get the job done. At El Canal, a winery in Havana, Orestes Estevez and his family fill glass jugs with grapes, ginger and hibiscus, before securing a condom over each glass jug Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. AP 19/28 'Pink Star' diamond sells for world record £57m in Hong Kong auction - Tuesday April 4 A rare pink diamond dubbed the “Pink Star” has become the world's most expensive gemstone to sell at auction, coming under the hammer in Hong Kong on Tuesday for $71.2m (£57.3m). The oval-cut 59.6 carat jewel, discovered in a mine in Africa by De Beers in 1999, is the largest fancy vivid pink diamond, categorised as “flawless” or “internally flawless”, that the Gemological Institute of America (GIA) has ever graded. It sold after a five-minute bidding war, that started at $56m, to Hong Kong jewellery retailer Chow Tai Fook at Sotheby's. AP 20/28 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 21/28 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 22/28 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 23/28 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 24/28 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 25/28 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 26/28 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 27/28 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 28/28 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behavior by other centres. Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was “a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial center.” Reuters More about: Brexit JPMorgan Dublin Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
video BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JAMIE DIMON: There's no such thing as a dead-end job Justin Gmoser and Matt Turner May 15, 2017, 8:23 AM 1,409 Loading video... facebook linkedin twitter email embed Business Insider traveled on May 5 to speak with JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon at the Alfred E. Smith Career and Technical Education High School in the South Bronx, New York. We talked about education, the economy, and the Trump administration. JPMorgan Chase announced a $6 million investment in the Bronx as part of its $75 million New Skills for Youth initiative. Following is a transcript of the video.  Matt Turner: Coming out of school, getting a good job, what you're describing, working your way up, buying a house, those are all parts of the American dream, and all of those things in different ways have gotten harder it seems. Is that American dream still available to as many people now as it has been in the past? Jamie Dimon: I think if you look at what happened a little bit, we have the best country on the planet. And we have schools, and universities, and food, water, energy, peaceful neighbors, low corruption, you name it, best and widest, deepest capital markets. That doesn't mean we shouldn't identify problems. We don't have a divine right to success. And, so, if you look at it, what were the problems? One is, middle-class wages haven't gone up. One is, that low wages haven't gone up enough to create a living wage. One is, people losing jobs, more from automation than anything else.  But again, with a solution, it's retraining, it's relocation, it's income assistance, it's things that actually take place. So, we're just trying to recognize those things — that we've left some people behind. And we haven't done a particularly good job fixing it. So my own view, this is not a political issue. It's not a knee-jerk reaction from either side. It's training, schools, getting growth going again.  Detroit would be a great example, and if you look at Detroit,  that mayor — it's been a train wreck for 40 years. The population has gone from over 2 million to 700,000. But this mayor comes in, and he talked about streetlights, sanitation, jobs, policing, schools, affordable housing. He's doing it all, and it's starting to grow for the first time in 30 years. Because of literally, one man.  But that one man couldn't have done it without business, and you've got wonderful people in Detroit, like Dan Gilbert, JPMorgan Chase. And business couldn't have done it without the political environment where they wanted to improve things. If you had an anti-business environment there, it still would be going down.  Turner: In terms of the lost generation, that can lead to frustration and you referred earlier to some of the anger upstairs towards the global elite. Can you just talk about how you see that aspect of it?  Dimon: I kind of agree with it. When you leave people behind, and those people who are left behind, It's not really their own fault in saying it was the leaders of institutions. So you're always going to have an elite. You can have an elite in a communist society. But it is the leaders, something went wrong, and collectively, the leaders are responsible.  And so — and there's some other terrible numbers. Men, 25 to 55, labor-force participation is down 10%. That's unbelievable. 35,000 die of opioids every year. 70% of kids, 17 to 24 can't get into the US military because of health or education. Think of obesity, diabetes, reading and writing. Is that something — is that the society we wanted? So, no, we should be working these things, acknowledge the flaws we have, and then come up with solutions. Not Democrat. Not Republican. Not knee-jerk. Solutions.  And any job's a good job. So, this whole concept of there's dead-end jobs? Not true. I've heard it my whole life, dead-end jobs — but a lot of those burger-flippers end up owning and running restaurants. It's the first rung. Jobs lead to dignity. If you're good at the first, you can get the second. Jobs lead to household formation. Jobs are better solutions for society. And I think the other part we have, the expanded-income tax credit, which can help the lower paid, have more of a living wage, which will lead them to do more, and it'll help small business. It won't help bigger companies. But, we should be doing things like that. More from Justin Gmoser: More The Bottom Line $385 BILLION FUND CHIEF: Fund managers are miserable The CEO of a $385 billion asset management firm says he's not worried about complacency in the market just yet Apple got its highest price target ever — here's what needs to happen to make it a reality THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple Crocs has a new comeback plan — here's why it could actually work Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us Trump's handling of classified info brings new chaos to White House Ex-intelligence leaders: ‘Nightmare’ if Trump leaked to Russia Reckless stock trading leaves Congress rife with conflicts How Trump gets his fake news Why people are blaming the global cyberattack on the NSA Condi Rice on Trump: ‘Words Do Matter’ Politico Playbook POLITICO's must-read briefing on what's driving the day in Washington Get the Playbook Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print THE TRUTH about Trump’s tapes -- POLITICO INVESTIGATION: Stock trades ‘leaves Congress rife with conflicts’ -- About that White House shakeup … -- ADRIENNE ELROD’s new firm -- B’DAY: Rachel Kelly By JAKE SHERMAN (sherman@politico.com; @JakeSherman) and ANNA PALMER (anna@politico.com; @apalmerdc) with DANIEL LIPPMAN (daniel@politico.com; @dlippman) 05/15/17 06:25 AM EDT Driving the Day Listen to the Playbook Audio Briefing http://bit.ly/2qIO6jZ ... Subscribe on iTunes http://apple.co/2eX6Eay ... Visit the online home of Playbook http://politi.co/2f51Jnf THE TRUTH ABOUT THE TAPES -- President Donald Trump’s quip that he might be taping conversations in the White House -- and Sean Spicer’s follow up that he had nothing more to say about it -- could have a real impact for his agenda in Washington. Democrats are already whispering about trying to slow legislation unless the president hands over tapes, or certifies he doesn’t have them. Democrats can force procedural votes on this topic, which could prove to be tough for Republicans. Who would vote against legislation to get to the bottom of whether the president is surreptitiously taping conversations? Democrats are looking for a quick and easy message. Many think this is it. Story Continued Below Good Monday morning. ONE THOUGHT ON THE PROSPECT OF A WHITE HOUSE SHAKEUP: If Trump fires a bunch of staffers, he has to replace them with other people. And K Street and Capitol Hill are filled with aides and operators who took a pass in joining the administration. We’ve heard countless stories about people saying “thanks, but no thanks” to queries about joining the Trump team. The administration has little structure, the president refuses to adhere to decades-old conventions and prides himself on doing things his way. People fall in and out of favor daily. Finding people to work for a White House like that won’t be easy. **SUBSCRIBE to Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh INSIDE THE ROOM -- “How Trump gets his fake news,” by Shane Goldmacher: “White House chief of staff Reince Priebus issued a stern warning at a recent senior staff meeting: Quit trying to secretly slip stuff to President Trump. Just days earlier, K.T. McFarland, the deputy national security adviser, had given Trump a printout of two Time magazine covers. One, supposedly from the 1970s, warned of a coming ice age; the other, from 2008, about surviving global warming, according to four White House officials familiar with the matter. “Trump quickly got lathered up about the media’s hypocrisy. But there was a problem. The 1970s cover was fake, part of an Internet hoax that’s circulated for years. Staff chased down the truth and intervened before Trump tweeted or talked publicly about it. The episode illustrates the impossible mission of managing a White House led by an impetuous president who has resisted structure and strictures his entire adult life.” http://politi.co/2pBAff2 MUST-READ -- POLITICO INVESTIGATES -- “Reckless stock trading leaves Congress rife with conflicts: After the furor over Tom Price’s investments, four more members quietly bought shares in the same firm,” by Maggie Severns: “On the very day that [Sen. Ron] Wyden was decrying [Tom] Price’s bad judgment, Rep. Doug Lamborn, Republican of Colorado, bought shares of the same tiny Australian company, Innate Immunotherapeutics. Within two days three more members also bought in — Republicans Billy Long of Missouri, Mike Conaway of Texas and John Culberson of Texas. Conaway added more shares the following week. “These brazen decisions to gobble up shares of a little-known firm at the very moment when such trading was being decried as an abuse of power reflects Congress’ anything-goes culture around stock investments. In the pursuit of wealth, even obvious conflicts of interest are routinely ignored by members who feast on daily trades. Long, for instance, serves on a committee overseeing Obamacare, and Conaway is a deputy House whip. The health care lawmakers who invested in Innate Immunotherapeutics are hardly alone in trading in companies that have a major interest in federal legislation, according to a three-month investigation and examination of all stock trades by members of Congress. “POLITICO found that 28 House members and six senators each traded more than 100 stocks in the past two years, placing them in the potential cross hairs of a conflict of interest on a regular basis. And a handful of lawmakers, some of them frequent traders and some not, disproportionately trade in companies that also have an interest in their work on Capitol Hill.” http://politi.co/2qlWJOl HEADS UP! -- “Cyberattack Aftershock Feared as U.S. Warns of Its Complexity,” by NYT’s David Sanger, Sewell Chan and Mark Scott: “The components of the global cyberattack that seized hundreds of thousands of computer systems last week may be more complex than originally believed, a Trump administration official said Sunday, and experts warned that the effects of the malicious software could linger for some time. “As a new workweek started Monday in Asia, there were concerns the malicious software could spread further and in different forms, with new types of ransomware afflicting computers around the globe. There were initial reports of new cases found over the weekend in Japan, South Korea and Taiwan. President Trump has ordered his homeland security adviser, Thomas P. Bossert, who has a background in cyberissues, to coordinate the government’s response to the spread of the malware and help organize the search for who was responsible, an administration official said Sunday.” http://nyti.ms/2qiEACV -- HELP FROM FRIENDS: In addition to three authors, this story has nine contributors: Austin Ramzy, Motoko Rich, Keith Bradsher, Joe Cochrane, Steve Lohr, Paul Mozur, Richard C. Paddock, Ceylan Yeginsu and Choe Sang-Hun. ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: In just three years, JPMorgan Chase invested over $100 million in Detroit's recovery, including community and small business development, workforce readiness and neighborhood revitalization to drive economic growth. Detroit is a case study for how the private sector can collaborate with government and community leaders to drive change. Learn more: http://politi.co/2pGLpKB ****** THE BIG PICTURE, WAPO A1 -- “Political chaos in Washington is a return on investment for Moscow,” by WaPo’s Greg Miller: “Russia has yet to collect much of what it hoped for from the Trump administration, including the lifting of U.S. sanctions and recognition of its annexation of Crimea. “But the Kremlin has collected a different return on its effort to help elect Trump in last year’s election: chaos in Washington. The president’s decision to fire FBI Director James B. Comey last week was the latest destabilizing jolt to a core institution of the U.S. government. The nation’s top law enforcement agency joined a list of entities that Trump has targeted, including federal judges, U.S. spy services, news organizations and military alliances.” http://wapo.st/2qlY1sD -- DARREN SAMUELSOHN: “Is it time for Trump staff to lawyer up?: Veterans of Washington’s scandals say that with subpoenas coming from Congress and an FBI investigation still active, staffers would be wise to seek counsel.” http://politi.co/2pMSES1 FOR YOUR RADAR -- “North Korea: New long-range missile can carry heavy nuke,” by AP’s Foster Klug in Seoul, South Korea: “North Korea on Monday boasted of a successful weekend launch of a new type of ‘medium long-range’ ballistic rocket that can carry a heavy nuclear warhead. Outsiders also saw a significant technological jump, with the test-fire apparently flying higher and for a longer time period than any other such previous missile. Amid condemnation in Seoul, Tokyo and Washington, a jubilant North Korean leader Kim Jong Un promised more nuclear and missile tests and warned that his country’s weapons could strike the U.S. mainland and Pacific holdings. “North Korean propaganda must be considered with wariness -- Pyongyang has threatened for decades to reduce Seoul to a ‘sea of fire,’ for instance -- but Monday’s claim, if confirmed, would mark another big advance toward the North’s goal of fielding a nuclear-tipped missile capable of reaching the U.S. mainland. Some experts, including officials in Tokyo, estimate that Sunday’s launch successfully tested a new type of missile, potentially the longest in Pyongyang’s arsenal.” http://apne.ws/2rgYo7d TRUMP’S WASHINGTON -- “Under Trump, inconvenient data is being sidelined,” by WaPo’s Juliet Eilperin: “The Trump administration has removed or tucked away a wide variety of information that until recently was provided to the public, limiting access, for instance, to disclosures about workplace violations, energy efficiency, and animal welfare abuses. Some of the information relates to enforcement actions taken by federal agencies against companies and other employers. By lessening access, the administration is sheltering them from the kind of ‘naming and shaming’ that federal officials previously used to influence company behavior, according to digital experts, activists and former Obama administration officials.” http://wapo.st/2qjcvuU THE LATEST ON THE TRAVEL BAN -- “Mosque snooping suit could impact Trump travel ban case,” by Josh Gerstein: “The stage is set Monday for another major legal showdown over President Donald Trump’s revised travel ban executive order as the 9th Circuit Court of Appeals hears arguments in Seattle on whether to keep in place an injunction against key parts of that directive. What’s less well known is that for nearly a year and a half, the 9th Circuit has already been wrestling with one of the core issues in the travel ban dispute: whether and when it’s legal for the government to target Muslims on the basis of their religion. … “Because of the precedent-setting nature of appeals court rulings, the timing of the release of the long-awaited decision in the Southern California suit could impact the 9th Circuit’s travel ban case. If the ruling emerges in the coming weeks, it would amount to a precedent the three-judge panel considering the travel ban would be obliged to follow where it’s relevant.” http://politi.co/2qIsAM2 THE JUICE … -- ADRIENNE ELROD’S NEW FIRM: Former Hillary Clinton aide and Capitol Hill alum Adrienne Elrod is launching a new communications firm called Elrod Strategies. Elrod Strategies will specialize in online engagement and strategic communications for corporate and non-profit clientele, as well as progressive organizations involved in “the resistance.” Elrod worked with surrogates on the Clinton campaign, and built a network of progressive "influencers." She most recently served as director of strategic communications for Hillary for America and is a former Hill chief of staff, DCCC alum and served in President Bill Clinton’s administration. -- DIPLOMACY WORKS, an organization aimed at saving the Iran deal, is launching today with the backing of John Kerry, Anthony Blinken, Nick Burns, Jon Finer, Jen Psaki and other top national security experts. Iranian elections are Friday, and a deadline for sanctions waivers is Thursday. http://bit.ly/2pNNgNK -- FIRST IN PLAYBOOK: The Hollywood Reporter’s new cover, “SNL’s Yuuuge Year -- 21 stars and creators take THR backstage on a wild-and-crazy season: Lorne Michaels’ post-election pep talk, Melissa McCarthy’s ‘Spicey’ secrets, Alec Baldwin’s future as Trump and the drama behind the biggest ratings in decades: ‘You almost feel like war profiteers’” http://politi.co/2pOd78d TRUMP’S MONDAY -- He’s on the Hill for remarks to the Annual National Peace Officers’ Memorial Service. He then has Crown Prince Muhammad bin Zayid Al Nuhayyan of Abu Dhabi at the White House. Playbook Reads SENATE WATCH -- “Rep. Mo Brooks expected to announce Senate run,” by Daniel Strauss: “Rep. Mo Brooks is teeing himself up to announce his candidacy for U.S. Senate on Monday. On Sunday evening, Brooks’ congressional office released a set of four media availabilities for Monday, all in Alabama. The move, according to top Alabama operatives close to the congressman or other declared or likely candidates for U.S. Senate, is Brooks’ plan to announce that he's running for the Senate seat now held by Luther Strange. Strange was appointed to the Senate by former Gov. Robert Bentley after Jeff Sessions became U.S. attorney general earlier this year. Strange, a Republican, is now running for the seat. Brooks' office would not say whether the media events indeed meant he was running for Senate, only that more information would be available tomorrow.” http://politi.co/2pMweQZ TOP-ED -- “Preet Bharara: Are there still public servants who will say no to the president?” in WaPo: http://wapo.st/2r7ZrcW ON THE WORLD STAGE -- “BRODY FILE EXCLUSIVE: Trump Administration to Significantly Expand Pro-Life Mexico City Policy,” by CBN News’ David Brody: “‘The Brody File’ has learned that the Trump Administration will significantly expand the pro-life Mexico City Policy by drastically increasing the amount of global health assistance funds and government programs that will be covered under the policy. A White House official tells The Brody File that on Monday, they’ll announce a policy called, ‘Protecting Life in Global Health Assistance,’ in which $8.8 billion dollars will be appropriated through various federal agencies and departments. In essence, President Trump is taking the pro-life policy to a whole different level. This is much more extensive than when President George W. Bush reinstated it back in 2001.” http://bit.ly/2pO4LO8 THE GLOBAL POLITICO PODCAST -- CONDOLEEZZA RICE sits down for an interview with Susan Glasser for this week’s Global Politico podcast. The former secretary of state acknowledges her concerns about a president accused of eroding democracy at home and ignoring it abroad and says Trump, a novice in world affairs, has a “steeper learning curve than most” presidents. Rice also offers her personal revenge theory of Vladimir Putin’s 2016 U.S. election hacking, says she’s not going to serve as Trump’s FBI director, and tells the backstory of how she met Trump Secretary of State Rex Tillerson. http://politi.co/2pMRI07 … Transcript http://politi.co/2pO75EJ ... Listen and subscribe http://apple.co/2kJ9q1U … Sign up for our Monday morning Global Politico newsletter http://politi.co/2qI9JQV ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: Research shows that thriving neighborhoods are key to any city’s long-term economic success. See how JPMorgan Chase’s investments have helped create or preserve 700 mixed-use housing units, provided financing and counseling to homeowners and enabled the mapping of 380,000 properties in Detroit: http://politi.co/2qB8S4Q ****** VALLEY TALK -- “Apple’s New Headquarters Is a Sign of Tech’s Boom, Bravado,” by WSJ’s Tripp Mickle and Eliot Brown: “[T]he 2.8-million-square-foot circular building ... resembles a spaceship. It features a seamless, curved-glass exterior and a theater that architects said was designed to look like a MacBook Air. ... Apple Park is the most lavish in a spate of glitzy new architectural projects by tech titans at a time when their businesses are booming and market valuations are soaring to new heights. Facebook Inc. and Alphabet Inc. have tapped top architects Frank Gehry and Bjarke Ingels for expansions, Amazon is building giant glass globes containing an indoor forest in Seattle, and business-software company Salesforce.com Inc. paid to put its name on a new, 61-story tower that will be the tallest building in San Francisco.” http://on.wsj.com/2rhAn0A FUTURECAST – NYT Business Day front, “Lyft and Waymo Reach Deal to Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars,” by Mike Isaac: “As the race to bring self-driving vehicles to the public intensifies, two of Silicon Valley’s most prominent players are teaming up. Waymo, the self-driving car unit that operates under Google’s parent company, has signed a deal with the ride-hailing start-up Lyft ... The deal calls for the companies to work together to bring autonomous vehicle technology into the mainstream through pilot projects and product development efforts ... The partnership highlights the fluid nature of relationships in the self-driving-car sector. From technology companies to automakers to firms that manufacture components, dozens of players are angling for a slice of an autonomous vehicle market that many believe will ultimately be a multibillion-dollar industry.” http://nyti.ms/2qjnyEr MEDIAWATCH – GABE SHERMAN in NYMag’s work issue, “Women Can Wear Pants on Fox News Now, But Not Much Else Has Changed”: “The Murdochs are quietly looking for a new programming executive to run the network. ... James wants to recruit David Rhodes from CBS News (Rhodes is under contract). Rupert is interested in Wall Street Journal editor Gerry Baker, or Rebekah Brooks. One source said Rupert’s daughter Elisabeth is also being discussed as a candidate. ... A seasoned television executive in her own right, Elisabeth has positioned herself as a firm critic of the scandals that have resulted from her father’s management choices.” http://nym.ag/2pOc88l ... See the cover http://bit.ly/2qn2ziC -- “Lawrence O’Donnell’s Future At MSNBC Is Unclear,” by Yashar Ali in HuffPost: “O’Donnell, host of MSNBC’s ‘The Last Word,’ has just four weeks left in his contract, and the cable network does not appear to be interested in renewing his deal. Four well-placed sources tell HuffPost that MSNBC has not been in contact with O’Donnell’s team of representatives to negotiate a new deal. The absence of active negotiations weeks before a contract expires is highly unusual and often a sign that a contract won’t be renewed. ... According to three sources, Trump has pressured MSNBC President Phil Griffin to fire O’Donnell on multiple occasions.” http://bit.ly/2qIoFPC Playbookers SPOTTED: Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao boarding a Southwest Airlines flight Sunday afternoon from Louisville to BWI. “She boarded like any other passenger in Louisville with a carry-on bag and found a seat in the rear of the aircraft.” … Former CIA director John Brennan in first class on a late-night United flight from Dulles to LA. Also on the flight: a bunch of congressional staffers headed to LA for the Internet Association staff trip … Jason Miller brunching yesterday at the Trump Hotel. At another table: Josh and Ali Rogin. TRANSITIONS -- Rachel Millard has been named communications director for the House Agriculture Committee ahead of the upcoming 2018 farm bill. She most recently worked on public affairs and corporate communications strategy at the Glover Park Group and is a John Thune alum. ... Miles Halpine is starting today as communications coordinator for the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the U.S. Senate. WEEKEND WEDDINGS -- Daniel Vajdich, a Republican national security strategist who previously worked for Bob Corker, Scott Walker, and Ted Cruz and now runs political risk consultancy Yorktown Solutions, married Brittany Howard, who works at S&P Global in their public affairs shop, on Saturday. They met 25 years ago in second grade and got married in Napa Valley at Carneros Resort and winery. Pics http://bit.ly/2qmvYcs ... http://bit.ly/2qiB6AC SPOTTED: groomsman Rep. Mike Gallagher (R-Wisc.), Kori Schake, Robert O’Brien, Courtney Geduldig, Jessica Elledge, Igor and Theda Khrestin. -- Taylor Barden, former scheduling director for Sens. Mary Landrieu (D-La.) and Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.), married Ian Golden, former personal aide to Rep. John Delaney (D-Md.), Maryland campaign staffer and Iraq veteran at the National Museum for Women in the Arts on May 6. They both have stopped working in politics. Taylor is now a real estate agent at The Stokes Group at McEnearney Associates and Ian is operations lead at REI. The two met on a blind date six years ago at the now-closed Utopia. Pic http://bit.ly/2rgZ38y --James (Jamie) Durnil, got married on Saturday to Lindsey Schaefer at St. Andrew’s Episcopal School chapel in Austin, Texas. The multi-denominational ceremony was performed by both an Episcopal priest and Jewish Rabbi. A black tie reception followed at the new Archer Hotel. Jamie is a Bush 43 advance, Presidential Inaugural Committee, and Department of Commerce alum. Following the administration, he moved to Austin to become an entrepreneur, opening Austin Terrier restaurant and startup Covieme innovative automobile seat covers. Pics http://bit.ly/2pBkdli ... http://bit.ly/2qII8zo WELCOME TO THE WORLD -- Kate Weinograd, associate at Mapetsi Policy Group, and Charles Weinograd, associate at Arnold & Porter, welcomed Jacob Ryan Weinograd to the world on Friday at 4:12 a.m. BIRTHDAY OF THE DAY: Lynn Sweet, Chicago Sun-Times D.C. bureau chief and columnist – how she’s celebrating: “Where: In Santa Monica, Calif. With: My high school buddy Judy and other Los Angeles pals. What: I’ll start Monday with a five mile-plus speed walk on a path along the Pacific Ocean. Then a hike up in the Los Liones trail in the Santa Monica Mountains. Dinner with friends. In between, likely file a column.” Read her Playbook Plus Q&A: http://politi.co/2qirOED BIRTHDAYS: former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright is 8-0 (hat tip: Alexis Krieg) ... Roger Ailes is 77 ... NYT’s Elisabeth Bumiller, Mark Mazzetti, and Nick Confessore ... former HHS secretary Kathleen Sebelius is 69 ... Giselle Fernandez is 56 … Rachel Kelly of Rep. Jim Himes’ office ... Ruth Marcus, the pride of Livingston, N.J. (h/t Jon Haber) ... The Washington Post’s Lisa Dubler is 3-0 -- she and Grant celebrated Saturday night at Tiger Fork in Blagden Alley, followed by a private cocktail tasting at the Columbia Room (h/t Lisa’s new hubby of two weeks) ... WaPo’s Eli Saslow is 35 ... Chloe Schama, senior editor at Vogue Magazine ... Jim Connaughton, president and CEO at Nautilus Data Technologies ... Nick Papas, director of public affairs PR at Airbnb ... Jen Stout ... Eileen McMenamin ... Toni Bouchard ... Jenna Mason … ... Walter Dellinger, a partner at O’Melveny and Myers ... Anne Marie Malecha ... Holly Fournier ... EE News’ Hannah Hess ... Hillary Flynn ... Zach Ratner ... Jacqueline Cortese ... Scott Montgomery … Jay Hulings … NRCC’s David Watts ... Elliot LaVera ... Alejandro Gonzalez-Stewart ... Aaron Morrissey … Dan Rothschild, executive director at GMU’s Mercatus Center … Pamela Reeves ... James Glueck ... Philo Hall ... Kristine Simmons … Jennifer Jose ... Terry Godfrey ... Shira Phelps ... Mimi Castaldi ... Jessica Grounds (h/ts Teresa Vilmain) ... Diane Cullo ... Mason George … Brittany Hackett … Tom Sneeringer … Mary Lucia Di Martino ... Daniel Carlson ... Tariq Mir ... Steve P. Goldenberg ... Jason Bogovich ... JoDee Winterhof ... Sanjay Bhutiani ... Jean Hessburg ... Debbie Tinnirello ... Juan Altamirano ... tennis player Andy Murray is 3-0 (h/t AP) ****** A message from JPMorgan Chase & Co.: JPMorgan Chase’s investment in Detroit goes well beyond just writing a check. Through the firm’s Detroit Service Corps, dozens of senior level employees spent more than 10,000 hours on the ground, working with local nonprofit partners and using their expertise to assist with strategic and business planning, market analysis and much more: http://politi.co/2r9hUCy ****** SUBSCRIBE to the Playbook family: POLITICO Playbook http://politi.co/2lQswbh ... New York Playbook http://politi.co/1ON8bqW … Florida Playbook http://politi.co/1OypFe9 ... New Jersey Playbook http://politi.co/1HLKltF ... Massachusetts Playbook http://politi.co/1Nhtq5v … Illinois Playbook http://politi.co/1N7u5sb ... California Playbook http://politi.co/2bLvcPl ... Brussels Playbook http://politi.co/1FZeLcw ... All our political and policy tipsheets http://politi.co/1M75UbX « View Archives Authors: Jake Sherman sherman@politico.com @JakeSherman Anna Palmer anna@politico.com @apalmerdc Daniel Lippman daniel@politico.com @dlippman About The Author Jake Sherman is a senior writer for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Jake is the top congressional reporter on Capitol Hill and has built a career on landing hard-to-get scoops Since 2009, Jake has chronicled all of the major legislative battles on Capitol Hill, and has also traveled the country to cover the battle for control of Congress. Jake takes readers inside the rooms where decisions are made. His high-impact reporting resulted in the resignation of Aaron Schock. Before landing at POLITICO, Jake worked in the Washington bureaus of The Wall Street Journal, Newsweek and the Minneapolis Star Tribune. He also interned on the metro desk of The Journal News (N.Y.) and, during high school, worked on the sports desk of the Stamford Advocate (Conn.). Jake is a Connecticut native, and a graduate of The George Washington University — where he edited The GW Hatchet — and Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism. Jake lives in Washington with his wife Irene, and listens to an unhealthy amount of Grateful Dead and Phish. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Anna Palmer is a senior Washington correspondent for POLITICO and co-author of POLITICO’s Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Anna covers the world of Congress and politics, and has successfully chronicled the business of Washington insiders for years. Her stories take readers behind the scenes for the biggest fights in Washington as well as the 2016 election. Prior to becoming POLITICO’s senior Washington correspondent, Anna was the co-author of the daily newsletter, POLITICO Influence, considered a must-read on K Street. Anna previously covered House leadership and lobbying as a staff writer for Roll Call. She got her start in Washington journalism as a lobbying business reporter for the industry newsletter Influence. She has also worked at Legal Times, where she covered the intersection of money and politics for the legal and lobbying industry, first as a staff writer and then as an editor. A native of North Dakota, Anna is a graduate of St. Olaf College, where she was executive editor of the weekly campus newspaper, the Manitou Messenger. She lives in Washington, D.C. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh About The Author Daniel Lippman is a reporter for POLITICO and a co-author of POLITICO's Playbook, the most indispensable morning newsletter for the biggest influencers in politics. Before joining POLITICO, he was a fellow covering environmental news for E&E Publishing and a reporter for The Wall Street Journal in New York. He has also interned for McClatchy Newspapers and Reuters. During a stint freelancing in 2013, he traveled to the Turkish-Syrian border to cover the impact of the Syrian civil war for The Huffington Post and CNN.com. He graduated from The Hotchkiss School in 2008 and from The George Washington University in 2012. Daniel hails from the Berkshires in western Massachusetts and enjoys playing tennis, seeing movies and trying out new restaurants in his free time. SUBSCRIBE to Politico Playbook: http://politi.co/2lQswbh Playbook - POLITICO Archive Monday, 5/15/17 Sunday, 5/14/17 Saturday, 5/13/17 Friday, 5/12/17 Thursday, 5/11/17 View the Full Playbook Archives » Politico Magazine Trump's Fans Shrug Off Oval Office Leak By Ben Schreckinger Why I’m Rooting for the Hardliner in Iran’s Elections By Elliott Abrams Corey Stewart's Lost Cause By Kevin Robillard Will Trump Be the First to Politicize the FBI? By Garrett M. Graff More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search JP Morgan Buys Dublin Building Ahead of Brexit ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More JP Morgan Buys Dublin Building Ahead of Brexit Published May 15, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files (Copyright Reuters 2016) JPMorgan Chase has agreed to purchase a building in Dublin with room for 1,000 staff to give it flexibility to keep serving clients across the European Union after Britain leaves the European Union. Continue Reading Below Real estate investment company Kennedy Wilson said in a statement it had agreed to sell a 130,000 square foot building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands area to the U.S. investment bank. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for J.P. Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Dublin has been competing with cities such as Paris and Frankfurt to attract financial services firms who will need to maintain bases within the European Union once Britain leaves the bloc.   (Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by Louise Heavens) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Cover Brexit Selloff Highlights Strength of U.S. Market U.S. companies depend on domestic customers, which helps to insulate them from problems abroad. By Andrew Bary Biography June 25, 2016 The 3%-plus drop Friday in major U.S. stock indexes in response to the surprise British vote to exit the European Union doesn’t mean the end of the long bull market dating back to 2009. U.S. stocks remain more insulated from global... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 2 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation 3 Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Supergroup PLC (SGP) Stock Rating Lowered by Liberum Capital Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Lookers PLC (LOOK) Impax Asset Management Group Plc (IPX) PT Raised to GBX 104 at Peel Hunt Aviva plc (AV) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. National Express Group PLC (NEX) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Short Interest Update Noble Co. (NE) Sees Significant Drop in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Lowers Exchange Income Co. (EIF) Price Target to C$38.00 Energy Fuels Inc (EFR) Given “Buy” Rating at Roth Capital TD Securities Increases Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) Price Target to C$13.50 Element Fleet Management Corp (EFN) PT Lowered to C$14.50 Crew Energy Inc (CR) PT Lowered to C$8.00 at Royal Bank of Canada National Bank Financial Upgrades Cascades Inc (CAS) to Outperform Imperial Capital Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Axon Enterprise Inc (AAXN) Acacia Communications, Inc. to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.09 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts (ACIA) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Preferred Apartment Communities Inc. (APTS) Lowered by DA Davidson Leerink Swann Weighs in on American Renal Associates Holdings Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (ARA) Diageo plc (DGE) Given “Buy” Rating at Shore Capital Horizon Pharma PLC (HZNP) Receives Buy Rating from BMO Capital Markets B&M European Value Retail SA (BME) PT Raised to GBX 400 at HSBC Holdings plc Aviva plc (AV) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by investment analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report released on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 589 ($7.62) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s price target points to a potential upside of 9.38% from the company’s current price. Other equities analysts also recently issued research reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Panmure Gordon upped their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 525 ($6.79) to GBX 592 ($7.66) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 525 ($6.79) price objective on shares of Aviva plc in a research note on Monday, February 20th. Canaccord Genuity upped their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 500 ($6.47) to GBX 560 ($7.24) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Barclays PLC upped their price objective on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 470 ($6.08) to GBX 477 ($6.17) and gave the company an “equal weight” rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and ten have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of GBX 550.93 ($7.13). Shares of Aviva plc (LON:AV) opened at 538.2289 on Thursday. Aviva plc has a 52-week low of GBX 290.00 and a 52-week high of GBX 570.50. The company has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 524.84 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 492.68. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 21.84 billion. The company also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be issued a dividend of GBX 15.88 ($0.21) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 3%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Aviva plc (AV) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/aviva-plc-av-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. In other news, insider Adrian Montague purchased 9,303 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The stock was purchased at an average cost of GBX 535 ($6.92) per share, with a total value of £49,771.05 ($64,370.21). Also, insider Mark Wilson sold 90,086 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 525 ($6.79), for a total transaction of £472,951.50 ($611,680.68). Insiders have purchased 9,374 shares of company stock valued at $5,014,702 over the last three months. Aviva plc Company Profile Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Graham Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Airain ltd Takes Position in SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (SSNC) GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 184 Shares of Independent Bank Corp (INDB) Airain ltd Boosts Position in Parsley Energy Inc (PE) Ingalls & Snyder LLC Sells 3,540 Shares of Pembina Pipeline Corp (PBA) Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. Acquires 2,031 Shares of Monmouth R.E. Inv. Corp. (MNR) Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. Increases Position in Inventure Foods Inc (SNAK) GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 161 Shares of Graham Co. (GHM) Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. Boosts Stake in Genesis Energy, L.P. (GEL) Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. Increases Position in Willbros Group Inc (WG) Airain ltd Acquires New Position in HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) ARRIS International plc (ARRS) Shares Bought by Cutter & CO Brokerage Inc. General Finance Co. (GFN) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research GW Pharmaceuticals PLC- (GWPH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Sell” Clearfield Inc (CLFD) Director Roger G. Harding Purchases 1,200 Shares Share Plc. (SHRE) Insider Richard William Stone Buys 576 Shares of Stock WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) EVP Paul D. Geraghty Sells 350 Shares Invuity, Inc. (IVTY) Director Eric W. Roberts Acquires 2,000 Shares of Stock Levin Capital Strategies L.P. Increases Position in Rite Aid Co. (RAD) GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Boosts Stake in Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) Stake Boosted by GHP Investment Advisors Inc. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. Sells 161 Shares of Graham Co. (GHM) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet GHP Investment Advisors Inc. lowered its stake in shares of Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM) by 0.9% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 18,270 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 161 shares during the period. GHP Investment Advisors Inc. owned approximately 0.19% of Graham worth $420,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors also recently bought and sold shares of GHM. Two Sigma Investments LP raised its position in Graham by 92.0% in the fourth quarter. Two Sigma Investments LP now owns 42,701 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $946,000 after buying an additional 20,465 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Graham by 149.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 92,210 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,761,000 after buying an additional 55,179 shares during the period. WCM Investment Management CA raised its position in Graham by 1.8% in the third quarter. WCM Investment Management CA now owns 256,586 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,901,000 after buying an additional 4,625 shares during the period. Moors & Cabot Inc. raised its position in Graham by 2.8% in the third quarter. Moors & Cabot Inc. now owns 31,519 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $607,000 after buying an additional 853 shares during the period. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC raised its position in Graham by 6.2% in the fourth quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 221,800 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $4,913,000 after buying an additional 13,000 shares during the period. 76.29% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM) traded down 0.45% during trading on Monday, hitting $22.26. The stock had a trading volume of 15,064 shares. Graham Co. has a 52 week low of $17.11 and a 52 week high of $25.00. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $22.32 and a 200-day moving average price of $22.06. The company has a market cap of $216.57 million, a PE ratio of 59.05 and a beta of 1.09. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/ghp-investment-advisors-inc-sells-161-shares-of-graham-co-ghm.html. In other news, insider James R. Lines sold 9,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.84, for a total transaction of $196,560.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 96,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,101,008. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Gerard T. Mazurkiewicz sold 1,750 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $22.40, for a total transaction of $39,200.00. Following the sale, the director now directly owns 12,031 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $269,494.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders have sold 17,260 shares of company stock valued at $376,559. Company insiders own 3.50% of the company’s stock. About Graham Graham Corporation designs, manufactures and sells critical equipment for the energy, defense and chemical/petrochemical industries. The Company designs and manufactures custom-engineered ejectors, vacuum pumping systems, surface condensers and vacuum systems. It is a nuclear code accredited fabrication and specialty machining company. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GHM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Graham Co. (NYSE:GHM). Receive News & Ratings for Graham Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Graham Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Pricing of Upsized Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation's leading health systems and physician organizations ("Evolent Health"), today announced the pricing of an underwritten secondary public offering of 7,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC, The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the "Investor Stockholders") and certain management selling stockholders (the "Management Stockholders" and, together with the Investor Stockholders, the "Selling Stockholders"). The shares of Class A common stock are being sold to the public at a price of $24.65 per share. The offering was upsized from the previously announced offering size of 6,000,000 shares of Class A common stock. The offering is expected to close on May 19, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Evolent Health is not offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and has become effective. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus, each of which you should read before you invest. Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus have been filed with the SEC. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. Copies of the final prospectus supplement relating to the offering will be filed with the SEC and may be obtained free of charge, when available, from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health's approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("PSLRA"). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like: "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "aim," "predict," "potential," "continue," "plan," "project," "will," "should," "shall," "may," "might" and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with the SEC include factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release. SOURCE Evolent Health CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Health Care/Hospitals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bel Power Solutions introduit la toute première alimentation CA-CC utilisant des FET GaN Transphorm Next PostNext TransFlash is Released for FCPX by Pixel Film Studios Search Recent Posts The Automotive Engine Management Systems Market Is Expected To Reach Multimillion Usd by the End Of 2022 Alabama Center for Ecological Resilience Global Eye Health Supplements Market Size 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Turquoise Hill announces financial results and review of operations for the first quarter of 2017 Aeolus Announces Second Quarter Financial Results for Fiscal Year 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
SMI 9'109 -0.2%  SPI 10'347 -0.1%  Dow 20'982 0.4%  DAX 12'807 0.3%  Euro 1.0954 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'642 0.1%  Gold 1'235 0.4%  Dollar 0.9943 -0.2%  Öl 52.1 0.5%  SMI 9'109 -0.2%  SPI 10'347 -0.1%  Dow 20'982 0.4%  DAX 12'807 0.3%  Euro 1.0954 0.1%  EStoxx50 3'642 0.1%  Gold 1'235 0.4%  Dollar 0.9943 -0.2%  Öl 52.1 0.5%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal JPMorgan Chase & Aktie [Valor: 1161460 / ISIN: US46625H1005] Kaufen Verkaufen Als führende Anbieterin von Online-Finanzdienstleistungen bietet Swissquote Bank AG eine benutzerfreundliche Trading Plattform für den Handel von über 2.5 Millionen Finanzprodukten. Hinzu kommen verschiedene Forex Plattformen, ePrivate Banking Services, Hypotheken und Sparkonten. Kaufen Verkaufen Konto eröffnen Konto eröffnen Kurse + Charts + Realtime News + Analysen Fundamental Unternehmen zugeh. Wertpapiere Aktion Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) News + Adhoc Bilanz/GuV Termine Strukturierte Produkte Portfolio Times + Sales Chartvergleich Analysen Schätzungen Profil Watchlist Börsenplätze Realtime Push Kursziele Dividende/GV Orderbuch Analysen Historisch < Kurse + Charts + Realtime Kurs + Chart Chart (gross) Times + Sales Chartvergleich Börsenplätze Realtime Push Orderbuch Historisch > < News + Analysen News + Adhoc Analysen Kursziele > < Fundamental Bilanz/GuV Schätzungen Dividende/GV Analysen > < Unternehmen Termine Profil > < zugeh. Wertpapiere Strukturierte Produkte > 16.05.2017 03:02:45 JPMorgan Agrees To Pay About EUR 125 Mln For Office Building In Dublin Tweet A A Teilen Drucken (RTTNews) - JPMorgan Chase & Co. (JPM) agreed to pay about 125 million euros for an office building under construction in Dublin, Bl;Bloomberg reported citing a person with knowledge of the matter. The bank's Irish unit is buying the 200 Capital Dock building from real estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. and Ireland's National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson reportedly said. The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet and will be able to accommodate more than 1,000 workers, is due to be finished in the third quarter of 2018. Nachrichten zu JPMorgan Chase & Co.mehr Nachrichten Relevant Alle vom Unternehmen 15.05.17 3 Reasons JPMorgan Chase Stock Is a Buy Right Now (and 2 Reasons It Isn't) (EN, MotleyFool) 15.05.17 JP Morgan kauft sich ein grosses Büro in Dublin (Handelszeitung) 15.05.17 JP Morgan buys bigger office for 1,000 staff in Dublin (EN, BBC) 15.05.17 JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears (FOX Business) 15.05.17 JP Morgan: US-Investmentbank kauft Immobilie in Dublin (Handelsblatt) 15.05.17 JP Morgan Buys Dublin Building Ahead of Brexit (FOX Business) 15.05.17 JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff (Reuters Business) Analysen zu JPMorgan Chase & Co.mehr Analysen Alle Buy Hold Sell 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 11.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Buy UBS AG 03.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & overweight Barclays Capital 05.12.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Deutsche Bank AG 24.10.16 JPMorgan Chase & Market Perform BMO Capital Markets 14.04.16 JPMorgan Chase & buy Société Générale Group S.A. (SG) 10.01.17 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Citigroup Corp. 09.11.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated 14.04.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Nomura 15.01.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral UBS AG 11.01.16 JPMorgan Chase & Neutral Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 08:24 SMI verharrt an der 9.100er-Marke 15.05.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 12.05.17 Vontobel: Schweizer Industriewerte: 5% p.a. garantiert und Chance auf Verdoppelung 08.05.17 ideas Magazin - Grossmeister der Börse und ihre Erfolgsstrategien mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 08:00 J.P. Morgan AM: Breit gestreutes Aktien-Portfolio mit attraktiver Rendite 09.05.17 Schroders: Macron victory marks market-friendly French election outcome mehr Aktien in diesem Artikel JPMorgan Chase & Co. 86.40 -3.41% Meistgelesene Nachrichten Syngenta-Übernahme schreibt Wirtschaftsgeschichte Novartis-Aktie leichter: Offerte für Anteil am GSK-Joint Venture? Diese Aktien empfehlen Experten zu verkaufen Syngenta: Letzte Generalversammlung findet am 26. Juni statt Novartis-Aktien zogen deutlich an - Gerüchteküche kocht auf Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf SMI schliesst mit leichten Verlusten -- DAX mit kleinem Gewinn Johnson: EU könnte am Ende Rechnung für den Brexit bezahlen Goldpreis von Nordkorea-Krise getrieben GIC will 93 Millionen UBS-Aktien an institutionelle Anleger verkaufen Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI kaum bewegt erwartet, DAX vorbörslich stabil Am Dienstag dürfte sich zum Handelsstart nur wenig bewegen. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Glückspost | Handelszeitung PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Versicherung | TV Star
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chemours Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemours Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Bank of America Corp Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Lowered to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Time Inc (TIME) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Chemours Co (CC) Upgraded to “Overweight” by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Welltower’s (HCN) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. 87,668 Shares in SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Acquired by TD Asset Management Inc. Alleghany Co. (Y) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. Parkwood LLC Has $250,000 Position in The Valspar Corp (VAL) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Shares Sold by TD Asset Management Inc. Parkwood LLC Acquires 2,287 Shares of Tesoro Co. (TSO) Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Stake Increased by Ardevora Asset Management LLP TD Asset Management Inc. Buys 86,320 Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) TD Asset Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Xerox Corp (XRX) Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stake Reduced by Tdam USA Inc. Tdam USA Inc. Has $8.172 Million Position in Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Universal Electronics (UEIC) Compass Group plc (CPG) Receives Hold Rating from Numis Securities Ltd BT Group plc (BT.A) Price Target Lowered to GBX 340 at Beaufort Securities Chemours Co (CC) Upgraded to “Overweight” by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Chemours Co (NYSE:CC) from a neutral rating to an overweight rating in a research note issued to investors on Friday. They currently have $50.00 price target on the specialty chemicals company’s stock, up from their prior price target of $39.00. CC has been the topic of a number of other research reports. Zacks Investment Research lowered Chemours from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 17th. Citigroup Inc reiterated a neutral rating and issued a $40.00 target price (up previously from $34.00) on shares of Chemours in a research note on Friday, April 14th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded Chemours from a neutral rating to a positive rating and set a $40.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded Chemours from a hold rating to a buy rating and increased their target price for the stock from $35.00 to $48.00 in a research note on Wednesday, March 29th. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc upgraded Chemours from a neutral rating to a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $37.70. Shares of Chemours (NYSE:CC) traded up 3.38% on Friday, hitting $45.27. 5,149,911 shares of the company traded hands. Chemours has a 1-year low of $5.82 and a 1-year high of $45.96. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $38.44 and its 200-day moving average price is $29.23. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 79.14 and a beta of 3.50. Chemours (NYSE:CC) last released its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.75 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.50 by $0.25. Chemours had a return on equity of 81.19% and a net margin of 2.78%. The business had revenue of $1.44 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.32 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.06 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 10.8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts expect that Chemours will post $3.25 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/chemours-co-cc-upgraded-to-overweight-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Stockholders of record on Wednesday, May 17th will be paid a dividend of $0.03 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 15th. This represents a $0.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.27%. Chemours’s dividend payout ratio is currently 14.81%. In other news, VP Mark Newman sold 22,781 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.83, for a total transaction of $907,367.23. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Richard H. Brown purchased 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were purchased at an average price of $39.10 per share, for a total transaction of $97,750.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Company insiders own 0.78% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in CC. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Chemours by 82.4% in the first quarter. Ropes Wealth Advisors LLC now owns 3,099 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $119,000 after buying an additional 1,400 shares in the last quarter. Schroder Investment Management Group purchased a new position in shares of Chemours during the first quarter valued at approximately $156,000. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY raised its position in shares of Chemours by 1.9% in the first quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY now owns 4,196 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $162,000 after buying an additional 80 shares in the last quarter. Clean Yield Group purchased a new position in shares of Chemours during the first quarter valued at approximately $167,000. Finally, United Capital Financial Advisers LLC purchased a new position in shares of Chemours during the first quarter valued at approximately $203,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.71% of the company’s stock. Chemours Company Profile The Chemours Company is a provider of performance chemicals. The Company operates through three segments: Titanium Technologies, Fluoroproducts and Chemical Solutions. The Titanium Technologies segment is a producer of titanium dioxide (TiO2). The Fluoroproducts segment is a provider of fluoroproducts, including refrigerants and industrial fluoropolymer resins. Receive News & Ratings for Chemours Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemours Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Getting Technical Banks Still Look Like a Good Investment Financial stocks have gone nowhere this year, but be patient. A buying opportunity is near. By Michael Kahn Biography May 15, 2017 4:32 p.m. ET Banks and other financial stocks took off to the upside after the November election, but their performance so far this year has been disappointing. The KBW Bank Index is up less than 1% year to date, compared to a 7% gain for the Standard & Poor’s 500 index—while bank exchange-traded funds are actually down a fraction of a percent. In March, I wrote here that the banks should present a better buying opportunity once the postelection excitement was fully absorbed. While the patterns on the charts have changed a bit... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 2 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation 3 Barshefsky: China Stepped Up Reform Push Reversals Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Evolent Health, Inc. Announces Launch of Secondary Public Offering of Class A Common Stock WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Evolent Health, Inc. (NYSE: EVH), a company providing an integrated value-based care platform to the nation's leading health systems and physician organizations ("Evolent Health"), today announced the launch of an underwritten secondary public offering of 6,000,000 shares of its Class A common stock to be sold by UPMC, certain affiliates of TPG Global, LLC, The Advisory Board Company and Ptolemy Capital, LLC (together, the "Investor Stockholders") and certain management selling stockholders (the "Management Stockholders" and, together with the Investor Stockholders, the "Selling Stockholders"). Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC are acting as joint book-running managers and underwriters for the offering.  Evolent Health is not offering any shares of Class A common stock in the offering. Evolent Health will not receive any proceeds from the sale of shares of Class A common stock by the Selling Stockholders.   As part of the offering, Evolent Health, the Selling Stockholders and certain directors and officers of Evolent Health will enter into lock-up agreements with respect to the sale of shares of Class A common stock of Evolent Health for a 60-day period following the offering, subject to customary exceptions. A registration statement (including a base prospectus) relating to these securities has been filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and has become effective. Before you invest, you should read the base prospectus in that registration statement and other documents filed with the SEC for more complete information about Evolent Health and this offering. You may obtain these documents free of charge by visiting EDGAR on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov. The offering will be made only by means of a preliminary prospectus supplement and the accompanying base prospectus.  Copies of the preliminary prospectus supplement and the final prospectus supplement, when available, and the accompanying base prospectus relating to the offering may be obtained from Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 180 Varick Street, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10014; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717 or by telephone at (866) 803-9204; or Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Attention: Prospectus Department, 200 West Street, New York, NY 10282, or by telephone at (866) 471-2526, facsimile at (212) 902-9316, or email at prospectus-ny@ny.email.gs.com. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of, these shares of Class A common stock in any state or jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of such state or jurisdiction. About Evolent Health Evolent Health partners with leading health systems to drive value-based care transformation. By providing clinical, analytical and financial capabilities, Evolent Health helps physicians and health systems achieve superior quality and cost results. Evolent Health's approach breaks down barriers, aligns incentives and powers a new model of care delivery resulting in meaningful alignment between providers, payers, physicians and patients. Forward-Looking Statements – Cautionary Language Certain statements made in this press release and in other written or oral statements made by us or on our behalf are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 ("PSLRA"). A forward-looking statement is a statement that is not a historical fact and, without limitation, includes any statement that may predict, forecast, indicate or imply future results, performance or achievements, and may contain words like:  "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "aim," "predict," "potential," "continue," "plan," "project," "will," "should," "shall," "may," "might" and other words or phrases with similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, trends in our businesses, prospective services, future performance or financial results and the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings. We claim the protection afforded by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements are only predictions based on our current expectations and projections about future events.  Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results contained in the forward-looking statements.  Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements.  Our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 and other documents filed with the SEC include factors that could affect our businesses and financial performance. Moreover, we operate in a rapidly changing and competitive environment. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for management to predict all such risk factors. Further, it is not possible to assess the effect of all risk factors on our businesses or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Given these risks and uncertainties, investors should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. In addition, we disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date of this press release.       SOURCE Evolent Health CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Offerings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Els Releases a Dance and a Hip Hop Song Featuring Silento and Zay Hilfigerr Next PostNext Global Shoe Packaging Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Protecting Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Market Marketing Strategy Analysis with Chain and Sourcing Strategy upto 2022 Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Prostrate Specific Antigen Testing Sales Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Wi-Fi Test Equipment Market | Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Ozone Therapy Units Market Analysis Including Size, Share, Key Drivers, Growth Opportunities and Trends 2017-2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 7:05pm Tue 16 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears 5:25 AM Tuesday May 16, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World LONDON (AP) " JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain's exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the "new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 U.K. employees could move. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief News snippets from around Northland Hawke's Bay Today Minister announces primary education review Education minister Nikki Kaye announced the development of an Area Strategy for schools… Bay of Plenty Times Police hunting for wanted man in Tauranga The 23-year-old was charged with wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm Our Features' Top Stories Driven The 8 weirdest features on the Toyota C-HR reviewed and ranked Toyota's edgy new crossover goes under the microscope ahead of its full road test... Viva Last chance: Win a $1000 Huffer shopping spree To mark 20 years of Huffer, one lucky reader has the chance to win a $1000 shopping spree… True Commercial Floors in Christchurch Carlton Butchery Two floors in well-known Carlton Butchery building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 16 May 2017 19:05:41 Processing Time: 554ms
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Lannett Company Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lannett Company Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Capital Fund Management S.A. Boosts Position in Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Boston Partners Has $528.052 Million Stake in CIGNA Co. (CI) Capital Fund Management S.A. Invests $1.287 Million in Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Capital Fund Management S.A. Sells 39,519 Shares of Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Capital Fund Management S.A. Acquires Shares of 22,537 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Finish Line Inc (FINL) Stake Cut by Capital Fund Management S.A. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Lowers Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Capital Fund Management S.A. VF Corp (VFC) Shares Bought by Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt Oldfield Partners LLP Lowers Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Stericycle (SRCL) CIGNA Co. (CI) Stake Held by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sells 1,100 Shares of eBay Inc (EBAY) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Price Target at $19.50 Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Reaches New 52-Week Low Following Analyst Downgrade Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chemours Co (CC) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade Capital Fund Management S.A. Boosts Position in Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Fund Management S.A. boosted its position in Lannett Company, Inc. (NYSE:LCI) by 80.2% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 56,677 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 25,219 shares during the period. Capital Fund Management S.A.’s holdings in Lannett Company were worth $1,267,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its stake in shares of Lannett Company by 4.1% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 409,045 shares of the company’s stock worth $10,869,000 after buying an additional 16,037 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Lannett Company by 13,749.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 36,700 shares of the company’s stock worth $975,000 after buying an additional 36,435 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Lannett Company by 0.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 127,345 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,384,000 after buying an additional 1,170 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Lannett Company by 7.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,197,926 shares of the company’s stock worth $58,399,000 after buying an additional 150,901 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers boosted its stake in shares of Lannett Company by 8.7% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 46,765 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,243,000 after buying an additional 3,760 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 80.82% of the company’s stock. Lannett Company, Inc. (NYSE:LCI) traded down 2.65% during trading on Monday, reaching $22.05. 310,257 shares of the company traded hands. Lannett Company, Inc. has a 12 month low of $16.75 and a 12 month high of $39.99. The company’s 50-day moving average is $23.72 and its 200 day moving average is $22.33. The company’s market cap is $820.92 million. Lannett Company (NYSE:LCI) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 2nd. The company reported $0.77 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.87 by $0.10. Lannett Company had a positive return on equity of 21.95% and a negative net margin of 3.48%. The business had revenue of $165.72 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $170.28 million. On average, analysts anticipate that Lannett Company, Inc. will post $3.21 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/capital-fund-management-s-a-boosts-position-in-lannett-company-inc-lci.html. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on LCI shares. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Lannett Company from a “sell” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $21.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Roth Capital set a $28.00 price objective on shares of Lannett Company and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. restated a “hold” rating on shares of Lannett Company in a research note on Saturday, March 25th. BMO Capital Markets started coverage on shares of Lannett Company in a research note on Monday, May 1st. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $29.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Robert W. Baird restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $18.00 price objective on shares of Lannett Company in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $28.33. About Lannett Company Lannett Company, Inc develops, manufactures, markets and distributes generic versions of brand pharmaceutical products. The Company manufactures and/or distributes prescription products with the exception of a small portfolio of over-the-counter products manufactured by its subsidiary, Silarx Pharmaceuticals, Inc As of June 30, 2016, the Company’s products included Acetazolamide Tablets; Butalbital, Acetaminophen and Caffeine Tablets; Butalbital, Aspirin and Caffeine Capsules; C-Topical Solution; Digoxin Tablets; Glycolax Rx; Isosorbide Mononitrate CR; Levothyroxine Sodium Tablets; Methylphenidate HCL CD; Methylphenidate ER; Nifedipine CR; Omeprazole DR; Oxbutynin ER; Pantoprazole DR; Pilocarpine HCl Tablets; Triamterene w/Hydrochlorothiazide Capsules, and Ursodiol Capsules. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LCI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Lannett Company, Inc. (NYSE:LCI). Receive News & Ratings for Lannett Company Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Lannett Company Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Concho Resources Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tower Bridge Advisors Maintains Stake in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Lowered by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Invests $1.764 Million in BIO-TECHNE Corp (TECH) Eversource Energy (ES) Shares Bought by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Position Decreased by Tower Bridge Advisors Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Raises Position in Molson Coors Brewing Co (TAP) DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Raises Stake in WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Raised by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale Buys 57,638 Shares of Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Brokerages Expect Lakeland Industries, Inc. (LAKE) to Announce $0.14 Earnings Per Share Zacks: Brokerages Set $41.00 Price Target for Wave Life Sciences Ltd (WVE) Ascena Retail Group Target of Unusually High Options Trading (ASNA) Advanced Micro Devices Sees Unusually High Options Volume (AMD) Coherus Biosciences Inc (CHRS) Receives Outperform Rating from BMO Capital Markets Conatus Pharmaceuticals Inc (CNAT) Given “Buy” Rating at Aegis Computer Programs & Systems, Inc. (CPSI) Receives Hold Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Criteo SA (CRTO) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Catalent Inc (CTLT) Stock Rating Upgraded by William Blair Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Raised by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale raised its position in Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO) by 20.8% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 13,094 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock after buying an additional 2,255 shares during the period. DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale’s holdings in Concho Resources were worth $1,728,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Gluskin Sheff & Assoc Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Concho Resources during the third quarter worth approximately $10,890,000. Blue Rock Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of Concho Resources during the third quarter worth approximately $400,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Concho Resources by 43.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,144,449 shares of the oil and natural gas company’s stock worth $706,590,000 after buying an additional 1,561,545 shares during the period. Campbell & CO Investment Adviser LLC acquired a new position in shares of Concho Resources during the third quarter worth approximately $385,000. Finally, Three Peaks Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Concho Resources during the third quarter worth approximately $1,373,000. Institutional investors own 97.00% of the company’s stock. Shares of Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO) traded up 0.49% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $134.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 637,157 shares. The firm has a market cap of $19.71 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 92.22 and a beta of 1.16. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $129.01 and a 200 day moving average price of $133.66. Concho Resources Inc has a 52-week low of $111.93 and a 52-week high of $147.55. Concho Resources (NYSE:CXO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 3rd. The oil and natural gas company reported $0.49 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.18. Concho Resources had a positive return on equity of 0.93% and a negative net margin of 89.23%. The company had revenue of $612 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $607.71 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted ($0.05) EPS. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 115.5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Concho Resources Inc will post $1.55 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Concho Resources Inc (CXO) Stake Raised by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/concho-resources-inc-cxo-stake-raised-by-dekabank-deutsche-girozentrale.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on the company. Barclays PLC reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Concho Resources in a report on Friday, January 27th. Zacks Investment Research cut Concho Resources from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. KLR Group restated a “buy” rating and set a $189.00 price objective (up from $176.00) on shares of Concho Resources in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Scotiabank restated a “buy” rating and set a $169.00 price objective on shares of Concho Resources in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price objective on Concho Resources from $180.00 to $190.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and eighteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $161.47. In other news, SVP J Steve Guthrie sold 6,000 shares of Concho Resources stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.00, for a total value of $768,000.00. Following the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 39,810 shares in the company, valued at approximately $5,095,680. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 1.20% of the company’s stock. Concho Resources Company Profile Concho Resources Inc is an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development and exploration of oil and natural gas properties. The Company’s four operating areas include the Northern Delaware Basin, the Southern Delaware Basin, the Midland Basin and the New Mexico Shelf. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CXO? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Concho Resources Inc (NYSE:CXO). Receive News & Ratings for Concho Resources Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Concho Resources Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Johnson & Johnson's Sales Slump Has Played Itself Out, Could Reaccelerate This Year Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 15, 2017 11:10am   Comments Share: Related JNJ Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 15, 2017 Top Picks For The Rest Of 2017, Courtesy Of UBS Facebook Among Big Techs In Top ETF Portfolios (Investor's Business Daily) JPMorgan's Michael Weinstein upgraded shares of Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) from Neutral to Overweight with a price target boosted from $133 to $140 despite underperformance over the past year. According to Weinstein, shares of JNJ have underperformed the past 12 months and showed investors decelerating top-line growth in 2017 due to heightened competition in the pharmaceutical unit. But the analyst believes the deceleration story has "effectively played out" as the deceleration seen in the first quarter will have "played itself out" after the second quarter. Growth Months Away Weinstein estimated that the Pharma's revenue growth will re-accelerate from 2.0 percent organic in the first half of 2017 to 5–6 percent in the bottom half of 2017 only to improve next year to 6–7 percent in 2018. The analyst added that his estimates would place Johnson & Johnson's growth in the pharma unit in 2018 at 2x its pharma peers at 3.2 percent. This will help the company's overall top-line growth to accelerate from 1.5 to 2.0 percent organic in the first half of 2017 to 4.0–4.5 percent in the bottom half of 2017 and 4.5–5.0 percent in 2018. If the analyst's thesis plays out then JNJ's bottom line will accelerate from 3 to 4 percent growth in the first half of 2017 to 8–9 percent in the bottom half of 2017 and 2018. Bottom line, While Weinstein acknowledged his upgrade to Overweight is a "notably contrarian call" there are also multiple catalysts for the Pharma business — "almost none of which" are reflected in the Street's estimates today. Related Links: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 15, 2017 Exclusive: Capricor CEO Talks Exondys Competition ____________ Image Credit: By Katy Warner from Orlando, FL, USA (rapid release (02-18-08)) [CC BY-SA 2.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Latest Ratings for JNJ Date Firm Action From To May 2017 JP Morgan Upgrades Neutral Overweight Jan 2017 Wells Fargo Downgrades Outperform Market Perform Nov 2016 Barclays Downgrades Overweight Equal-Weight View More Analyst Ratings for JNJ View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Analyst Color Biotech Long Ideas Upgrades Health Care Price Target Analyst Ratings Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (JNJ) Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 15, 2017 Top Picks For The Rest Of 2017, Courtesy Of UBS Apple Is The World's Biggest Dividend Payer Exclusive: Capricor CEO Talks Exondys Competition Weed Vs. Opioids: Nontraditional And Traditional Biotech Take On Wall Street, But Who's Winning? Earnings: Caterpillar, Lockheed Martin, and Eli Lilly Report Tomorrow View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on JNJ Trending Recent 1 EDIT, DRYS: 22 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMAT, TWLO: Jim Cramer Shares His Thoughts On Twilio And Applied Materials 3 HD, TGT: Retail Earnings Expectations: Home Depot And Target 4 CS, LMT: Jim Cramer Gives His Opinion On Lockheed Marti... 5 CAR, EGO: 5 Stocks To Watch For May 15, 2017 6 AAPL, AMZN: Apple Nears $1 Trillion Valu... 7 UL, ADI: Barron's Picks A... 1 FOSL, KORS: Oversaturated? North America Drowning In Michael Kors, Analyst Downgra... 2 NKE: Nike Says Futures Orders Don't Matter; Some Analysts Agrees 3 SORL: Sorl Auto Parts Up 30% After Q1 Beat, Raised Guidance 4 CSCO: Cisco Systems Offers An Opportunity To Invest In A Cybersec... 5 TRVG: Trivago Sharply Higher After Mixed Q1 Report 6 TSLA: Tesla Under Pressure After Downgrade 7 WMT, TGT: Retail Earnings Roll On With Wal-Mart And T... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Palo Alto's Stock Gets A Boost From WannaCry Attack
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Amy Cummings Joins Park Madison Partners as a Partner NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Park Madison Partners, a New York-based real estate placement and advisory firm, announced today that Amy Cummings has joined the firm as a Partner. Ms. Cummings will focus on broadening the firm’s North American investor relationships and sourcing new best-in-class managers. Ms. Cummings is a real estate veteran with experience in acquisitions, asset management, portfolio management, and investor relations. She joins Park Madison Partners from MetLife Investment Management, where she was a Managing Director responsible for the development and management of relationships with institutional investors and consultants. Prior to joining MetLife, Ms. Cummings served for nearly 15 years at JPMorgan Asset Management, helping to expand JPMorgan’s real assets group into the institutional advisory space. “Amy has been a good friend of Park Madison for many years and is highly regarded throughout the real estate industry,” said Nancy Lashine, Managing Partner and Founder. “We are thrilled to have her join us, and believe she will further enhance Park Madison’s reputation as a leader in real estate capital markets.” Ms. Cummings added, “Throughout my real estate career, nothing has given me more satisfaction than matching excellent real estate opportunities with qualified investors, many of whom are my good friends. Park Madison Partners has always stood out for its thoughtful approach, and I am excited to join a team of professionals I so respect and admire.” Before JPMorgan, Ms. Cummings served as a portfolio manager at Lend Lease Real Estate Investments. Prior to that, she was a President and owned a majority interest in Net Lease Partners. She started her career at W.P. Carey in 1982. “A person of Amy’s talent, expertise, and stature is a rare find in any industry, and we are energized that such an accomplished and esteemed individual will be joining the Park Madison team,” said Robert Kohn, Partner. “Amy will be a powerful addition to the firm’s culture of excellence and providing guidance from a fiduciary perspective.” About Park Madison Partners Park Madison Partners is a New York-based capital raising and advisory firm focused on the global real estate private equity and alternative investments industry. Since its formation in 2006, Park Madison has participated in the placement of over $9 billion in private equity capital. Park Madison Partners is a member of SIPC-FINRA and is certified with the Women’s Business Enterprise National Council. For further information, please visit www.parkmadisonpartners.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious UBS Asset Management Hires Suni Harford as Head of Investments Next PostNext Europe Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality Hardware Market by Technology, Application & Geography – Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Anticipated Closing Timetable The DPP Scales, Secures, and Optimizes Microsoft Exchange with KEMP Virtual LoadMasters Disposable Infusion Extension Line Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Attorney Joseph L. Amos, Jr. of Fisher Rushmer, P.A. Named 2017 President of Central Florida ABOTA Chapter RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, May 16, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money JPMorgan to buy €125m Dublin office for 1,000 staff Monday May 15, 2017 08:53 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Founder of JJPTR investment scheme arrested in Petaling Jaya As deadline passes, Facebook still accessible in Thailand The Edit: See the new teaser for ‘War for the Planet of the Apes’ After 30 years behind bars, ‘Moors Murderer’ Ian Brady dies Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Commuters are reflected in stone as they walk past the JP Morgan headquarters in New York, May 17, 2012. — Reuters picLONDON, May 15 — JPMorgan Chase & Co agreed to pay about €125 million (RM592.4 million) for an office building under construction in Dublin, according to a person with knowledge of the plan. The person asked not to be identified because the price hasn’t been been announced publicly. The bank’s Irish unit is buying the 200 Capital Dock building from real estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd and Ireland’s National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson said in a statement today. The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet (12,000 square metres) and will be able to accommodate more than 1,000 workers, is due to be finished in the third quarter of 2018. Spokeswomen for JPMorgan and Kennedy Wilson declined to comment on the price of the property. The acquisition is expected to complete at the same time as the building is finished. “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union,” Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, said in the statement. “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours.” The US bank is expanding its custody business in Ireland and plans to hire a significant number of new workers as part of that growth. BlackRock Inc transferred custody services related to about US$1.3 trillion of client assets earlier this year from State Street Corp to the bank, which currently employs about 500 people in custody and fund services in the Irish capital. Rising searches for Dublin office space, some of it from occupiers moving workers after the Brexit vote, has led to increased demand from buyers for office space under construction, CBRE Group Inc said in a report this month. About 7 per cent of office space in the Irish capital was vacant at the end of the first quarter, compared with 7.7 per cent a year earlier, according to data compiled by the broker. The money raised from the sale of 200 Capital Dock, together with a 125-million euro loan advanced by Deutsche Bank AG, will fund the majority of the remaining cost of developing the wider Capital Dock project, which will also include apartments, according to Kennedy Wilson. Bloomberg News earlier reported the bank’s plan to buy the building. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Weak US dollar boosts sentiment for ringgit Singapore sovereign fund GIC pares UBS stake at a loss China’s Xi seeks to rewrite global trade rules as US retreats Bursa opens higher on positive sentiment, firmer oil prices Short-term rates to remain stable on BNM’s intervention AirAsia, Everbright JV to establish LCC in China (VIDEO) Malindo Air to take Batik Air name Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development MOUs for RM31b investments signed in China Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Trump revealed intelligence secrets to Russia, say officials Reuters Video: Artist creates tattoos you can hear Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Impact on banks from Britain’s vote to leave the EU Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh US$50m pledge Loan growth stalls despite profit, trading gains at big US banks JPMorgan said in talks for Dublin office as Citi weighs EU unit Johnson & Johnson, JPMorgan suspend YouTube ads over offensive videos (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Finance Italy's Atlantia makes $18 bn toll road bid for Spain's Abertis Business Standard Financial services expansion? JPMorgan buys Dublin building for 1,000 staff However, bank didn't say how many jobs would be created or any positions would be moved from UK Reuters  |  Dublin  May 15, 2017 Last Updated at 17:20 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVj5j2 Photo: Reuters ALSO READ Brexit impact: JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London Bankers meet UK PM Theresa May as they plan own Brexit Frankfurt lays claim to Wall Street banks after Brexit Dublin is best EU city for bankers fleeing Brexit: Study Ireland claims European Union breaching sovereignty in Apple tax ruling JPMorgan Chase has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The US investment bank will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square metre) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan's head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its European Union operations after Brexit. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behaviour by other centres.  Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was "a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial centre." Read More On Jpmorgan | Jpmorgan Chase | Jpmorgan Dublin Building | Brexit | European Union Banks | European Union | Eu | Dublin | Frankfurt | Luxembourg | International | Finance PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Financial services expansion? JPMorgan buys Dublin building for 1,000 staff However, bank didn't say how many jobs would be created or any positions would be moved from UK However, bank didn't say how many jobs would be created or any positions would be moved from UK JPMorgan Chase has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The US investment bank will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square metre) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan's head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its European Union operations after Brexit. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behaviour by other centres.  Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was "a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial centre." Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Financial services expansion? JPMorgan buys Dublin building for 1,000 staff However, bank didn't say how many jobs would be created or any positions would be moved from UK JPMorgan Chase has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The US investment bank will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square metre) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan's head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its European Union operations after Brexit. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behaviour by other centres.  Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was "a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial centre." Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 4:27pm IST JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff FILE PHOTO -People walk by the JP Morgan & Chase Co. building in New York, U.S. on October 24, 2013. REUTERS/Eric Thayer/File Photo By Conor Humphries | DUBLIN DUBLIN JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The U.S. investment bank will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square metre) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson (KWE.L) said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan’s head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its European Union operations after Brexit. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin.[nL8N1IA102] Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behaviour by other centres. [nL5N1GQ2S8] Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was "a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial centre." (Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by Louise Heavens and Jane Merriman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Monsoon rains to arrive on southern Kerala coast on May 30 - IMD source NEW DELHI India's monsoon rains are expected to arrive on the southern Kerala coast on May 30, two days ahead of schedule, a weather office source said on Tuesday. Asian currencies firm as soft U.S. manufacturing data dents dollar Most Asian currencies climbed on Tuesday as the dollar came under pressure after a weak U.S. manufacturing report trimmed expectations of a U.S. rate increase next month, a key factor behind the dollar's gains in recent weeks. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick Homes of ex-finance minister Chidambaram, son searched in criminal probe Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Nation & World JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears Originally published May 15, 2017 at 3:44 am Updated May 15, 2017 at 10:32 am Share story By The Associated Press The Associated Press LONDON (AP) — JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain’s exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the “new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union.” JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank’s 16,000 U.K. employees could move. Most Read Stories U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is moving Seattle police release dashcam video of officers’ response to Mayor Ed Murray’s home 9th Circuit panel in Seattle peppers Trump lawyer with questions over travel ban  VIEW Man holding human head stabs store clerk; mother found deadUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. The Associated Press Next Story GM’s Maven car-sharing launches in New York Previous Story Russia, Saudi Arabia back extension of oil output cuts Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
News Sports Business Food 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Nation & World May 15, 2017 5:44 AM JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LONDON JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain's exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the "new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 U.K. employees could move. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 15 hours ago 72-year-old USM graduate: “I wanted to stay young” 1:58 15 hours ago 72-year-old USM graduate: “I wanted to stay young” 0:42 5 days ago Stranded motorists narrowly avoid crash 1:56 6 days ago Could this Denver hailstorm be headed to Kansas City? View More Video Nation & World The Latest: Cyberattack hits schools, hospital in Taiwan Report: Trump shared secret info about IS with Russians The Latest: Trump confident travel ban is lawful He drank a cafe latte, a Diet Mountain Dew and an energy drink. Caffeine killed him. AP Interview: Expert who beat cyberattack says he's no hero Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Business Real Estate 80° Full Menu 80° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business May 15, 2017 6:44 AM JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LONDON JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain's exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the "new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 U.K. employees could move. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago Young entrepreneurs explain the idea behind "Smart Straws" 0:58 10 days ago Young entrepreneurs explain the idea behind "Smart Straws" 0:29 11 days ago Young entrepreneur explains the idea behind "Micki's" 0:31 11 days ago Young entrepreneur explains the idea behind "VetNet" View More Video Business LaunchCode offers free full-time coding program AP Interview: Expert who beat cyberattack says he's no hero The Latest: IT expert modest about stopping cyberattack Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits Could tax overhaul suck the life out of your retirement funds? Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features Fugitive Finder Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears 2017-05-15T11:52:22Z2017-05-15T11:52:22Z LONDON (AP) - JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain's exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the "new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 U.K. employees could move. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Federal judges ask if travel ban is biased against Muslims Federal judges ask if travel ban is biased against Muslims Posted: Tuesday, May 16 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-16 06:52:23 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 2:52 AM EDT2017-05-16 06:52:23 GMT For the second time in a week, government lawyers on Monday will try to persuade a federal appeals court to reinstate President Donald Trump's revised travel ban. More >> For the second time in a week, government lawyers on Monday will try to persuade a federal appeals court to reinstate President Donald Trump's revised travel ban.More >> Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits Posted: Tuesday, May 16 2017 2:43 AM EDT2017-05-16 06:43:23 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 2:43 AM EDT2017-05-16 06:43:23 GMT The extortion scheme has created chaos in 150 countries and could wreak even greater havoc as more malicious variations appear.More >> The extortion scheme has created chaos in 150 countries and could wreak even greater havoc as more malicious variations appear.More >> Man holding human head stabs store clerk; mother found dead Man holding human head stabs store clerk; mother found dead Posted: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:54 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:54:38 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:54 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:54:38 GMT Authorities say a man carrying what appeared to be a human head stabbed a worker at an Oregon grocery store is connected to the death of a woman whose body was found in a home.More >> Authorities say a man carrying what appeared to be a human head stabbed a worker at an Oregon grocery store is connected to the death of a woman whose body was found in a home.More >> Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members Posted: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:45 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:45:02 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:45 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:45:02 GMT Authorities say a jet has crashed at a small airport outside New York City, sparking a fire that sent black smoke spewing into the air.More >> Authorities say a jet has crashed at a small airport outside New York City, sparking a fire that sent black smoke spewing into the air.More >> Man thanks iPhone's Siri for saving his life in explosion Man thanks iPhone's Siri for saving his life in explosion Posted: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:44 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:44:39 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 16 2017 12:44 AM EDT2017-05-16 04:44:39 GMT A New Hampshire man who was injured in a house explosion is thanking "Siri" for saving his life. More >> A New Hampshire man who was injured in a house explosion is thanking "Siri" for saving his life.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content Tue, May 16, 2017 Banking & Finance » BT All News Weekly News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News News HomeBreakingToday's PaperOpinionSMELifestyleInfographicsVideosFocusBlogsMagsHubE-Paper All News Top StoriesCompanies & MarketsStocksReal EstateBanking & FinanceEnergy & CommoditiesTechnologyConsumerTransportGovernment & EconomyOpinionLife & Culture Weekly Views From the TopYoung Investors' ForumDining OutSMEExecutive MoneyThe Raffles ConversationBrunchInvesting & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Lifestyle HomeF&BArtsMoviesMusicDesignStyleTravelWellnessCarsGadgets FeatureWeekend InterviewCity BuzzReviewsJaimEEatsHauntNostalgia You are here Home > Banking & Finance JPMorgan to buy Dublin office for more than 1,000 workers Monday, May 15, 2017 - 18:12 JPMorgan Chase & Co agreed to purchase an office building under construction in Dublin that can accommodate more than 1,000 workers as it expands in Ireland. The price wasn't disclosed. PHOTO: BLOOMBERG [LONDON] JPMorgan Chase & Co agreed to purchase an office building under construction in Dublin that can accommodate more than 1,000 workers as it expands in Ireland. The price wasn't disclosed. The bank's Irish unit has bought the 200 Capital Dock building from real-estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd and Ireland's National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson said in a statement on Monday. The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet, is due to be completed in the third quarter of 2018. "Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, said in the statement. "Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours." The US bank is expanding its custody business in Ireland and plans to hire a significant number of new workers as part of that growth. BlackRock Inc transferred custody services related to about US$1.3 trillion of client assets earlier this year from State Street Corp to the bank, which currently employs about 500 people in custody and fund services in the Irish capital. Powered by GET.com sentifi.com Market voices on: Rising searches for Dublin office space, some of it from occupiers moving workers after the Brexit vote, has led to increased demand from buyers for office space under construction, CBRE Group Inc said in a report this month. SEE ALSO: JPMorgan tells banks to partner up as US deposit drain looms About 7 per cent of office space in the Irish capital was vacant at the end of the first quarter, compared with 7.7 per cent a year earlier, according to data compiled by the broker. The money raised from the sale of 200 Capital Dock, together with a 125-million euro (S$191.67 million) loan advanced by Deutsche Bank AG, will fund the majority of the remaining cost of developing the wider Capital Dock project, which will also include apartments, according to Kennedy Wilson. Bloomberg News earlier reported the bank's plan to buy the building. BLOOMBERG JPMorgan office rental Dublin office building Sign up for BT Newsletters Please wait Terms & Conditions Banking & Finance Australian dollar treads water after RBA minutes, NZ dollar firms 11:59 AM Ex-Nomura traders latest sued by SEC over lies about bonds 9:44 AM US dollar languishes near 1-week low after weak US manufacturing activity 9:18 AM Big banks would have beefed up their security: IBM official 5:50 AM SGX says its trading systems well-protected 5:50 AM Insurers dragging their feet over new accounting standard: PwC 5:50 AM Breaking News 2:59 pm Seoul: Won ends at 6-week high on stronger risk appetite 2:56 pm Noble climbs even as Moody's flags US$900m funding gap 2:21 pm Uber, Starbucks, Twitter join drive to boost UK youth vote 2:17 pm Europe car sales drop 6.8% in April on VW, British slump: ACEA 1:38 pm Listing a hindrance to its growth strategy: ARA 1:30 pm GIC explains why it remains under-invested in real estate 1:07 pm Man who helped bury Lehman turns to saving troubled Noble 12:41 pm Smog in key northern China region rises in first four months of year 12:26 pm Australia unveils massive new shipbuilding plan 12:09 pm Australia: Shares firm as resources share gains offset weak bank stocks Most Read 1 Updated: OCBC to buy National Australia Bank's private wealth business in Singapore, HK 2 Hot stock: Noble shares crash again on worries of long-drawn recovery 3 Hot stock: Noble Group shares slump on profit warning 4 SingPost Q4 plunges into the red after massive impairment on TradeGlobal 5 Genting Singapore Q1 net profit skyrockets 17 times Powered by GET.com subscribe to The Business Times Stay connected with The Business Times premium content on your favourite platforms CALL 6388 3838 Find Out More Download Our Apps Stay up to date with The Business Times for iPhone | iPad | Android Stay Updated Get the latest news and information from BT newsletters for free: Breakfast Brief every morning Daily Debrief every evening Please wait Terms & Conditions News Home Breaking Today's Paper Opinion SME Lifestyle Infographics Videos Focus Blogs Mags Hub E-Paper News Top Stories Companies & Markets Stocks Real Estate Banking & Finance Energy & Commodities Technology Consumer Transport Government & Economy Opinion Life & Culture Weekly Views From the Top Young Investors' Forum Dining Out SME Executive Money The Raffles Conversation Brunch Investing & Wealth Lifestyle Lifestyle Home F&B Arts Movies Music Design Style Travel Wellness Cars Gadgets Feature Weekend Interview City Buzz Reviews JaimEEats Haunt Nostalgia Facebook Twitter Instagram Linkedin RSS E-paper PRINT ARCHIVE Mon Tue Wed Thu Fri Sat About Us Contact Us Help Terms & Conditions SPH Websites Data Protection Policy SPH Digital News © 2017 SINGAPORE PRESS HOLDINGS LTD. REGN NO. 198402668E
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 15, 2017 6:44 AM JPMorgan buys office building in Ireland amid Brexit fears The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story LONDON JPMorgan Chase has bought an office building in Ireland as it accelerates its contingency planning for moving jobs to the European Union once Britain leaves the trading bloc. The American banking giant has acquired 200 Capital Dock in Dublin, a building with the capacity to house 1,000 people. The bank has said it will move hundreds of London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in order to serve its customers in the EU after Britain's exit, or Brexit. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, says that the "new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has said Brexit many mean some 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 U.K. employees could move. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:35 10 hours ago These dunes aren't for playing 1:03 3 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.16 View More Video National Business The Latest: Cyberattack hits schools, hospital in Taiwan AP Interview: Expert who beat cyberattack says he's no hero Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits The Latest: Macron says he hasn't pushed for joint eurobnds US homebuilder sentiment climbs higher in May National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
On Air: 7-9am weekdays Newstalk Breakfast Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show Info Share My Queue Listen Live Newstalk TV Podcasts Listen Back 60% Complete Watch Listen Off The Ball latest News Business & Tech Sport Life Shows Competitions BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS all Consumer Finance Product Reviews How to Tech BUSINESS AND TECH NEWS JP Morgan snaps up office space in one of Dublin's flashiest developments It's planning major hires here... Business & Tech 10:24 15 May 2017 Joseph Conroy 21 hours ago News broke yesterday that US bank, JP Morgan Chase plans to hire a "significant" number of additional Irish workers - and today it has been confirmed that the firm has a new Dublin office. It is the first major occupier to commit to buying part of the Capital Dock campus, opposite the 3Arena on the River Liffey. The company will acquire '200 Capital Dock.' The property houses 130,000 sq ft fronting onto the river, it will take control of the property through a forward-funding sale agreement to coincide with the completion of the building which is expected in the final third quarter of next year. The building is capable of accommodating over 1,000 staff - the company is expected to create up to 500 new jobs in Ireland. Kennedy Wilson is developing the project in a joint venture with Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited and the National Asset Management Agency. "We are excited to welcome J.P. Morgan, through its acquisition of 200 Capital Dock, as the first major office occupier to commit to this best-in-class mixed-use campus development, to grow its existing business and meet its long-term plans in Ireland," said William McMorrow, Chairman and CEO of Kennedy Wilson.  "Our commitment to Capital Dock began in 2012 when we acquired a loan secured by the State Street Building and its adjoining site. Our team’s execution of converting that loan to direct real estate, strategic site assembly and structuring the joint venture with NAMA and securing master planning has culminated in the construction and delivery of our vision for this dynamic campus, which will be full of energy as we welcome J.P. Morgan employees to Capital Dock," he added. The financial institution's decision to increase its Irish presence comes as firms prepare for Britain's exit from the European Union. It currently employs some 500 workers across the country. 10:24 15 May 2017 Joseph Conroy 21 hours ago 4 Related articles China pledges massive investment in "project of the century" Ireland moves up the pharma food-chain Construction growth speeds up for the third month running Firms investigating possible North Korea link to global cyber attack most popular latest sport #PornWeek: The A to Z - by way of XXX - of pornography "It was absolutely my choice to make" - Kitty Holland Chelsea can make Premier League history on Sunday Champions Chelsea beat Watford in thriller site terms privacy advertise with us contact competitions apps appliancesdelivered.ie © Copyright 2015 - Newstalk Ltd. Reg #309181 Marconi House, Digges Lane, Dublin 2 Newstalk Breakfast × Newstalk Breakfast - every weekday morning from 7-9am, giving you the first bite at news, sport, business, tech and entertainment Show page Close Share × Embed Code Social Close My Queue × Play QueueClose Subscribe to our mailing list * indicates required Email Address * First Name Last Name Morning Digest Yes No Daily Digest Yes No × Loading...
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Tue 16 May companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement JPMorgan to buy Dublin office for more than 1,000 workers International | 15 May 2017, 11:28am Jack Sidders London - JPMorgan Chase & Co. agreed to purchase an office building under construction in Dublin that can accommodate more than 1,000 workers as it expands in Ireland. The price wasn’t disclosed. The bank’s Irish unit has bought the 200 Capital Dock building from real-estate firm Kennedy Wilson, Toronto-based Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. and Ireland’s National Asset Management Agency, Kennedy Wilson said in a statement on Monday. Share this story File image The building, which measures about 130,000 square feet (12,000 square meters), is due to be completed in the third quarter of 2018. “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union,” Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JPMorgan in Ireland, said in the statement. “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours.” The US bank is expanding its custody business in Ireland and plans to hire a significant number of new workers as part of that growth. BlackRock Inc. transferred custody services related to about $1.3 trillion of client assets earlier this year from State Street Corp. to the bank, which currently employs about 500 people in custody and fund services in the Irish capital. Read also: JPMorgan wrongfully fired financial adviser Rising searches for Dublin office space, some of it from occupiers moving workers after the Brexit vote, has led to increased demand from buyers for office space under construction, CBRE Group Inc. said in a report this month. About 7 percent of office space in the Irish capital was vacant at the end of the first quarter, compared with 7.7 percent a year earlier, according to data compiled by the broker. The money raised from the sale of 200 Capital Dock, together with a 125-million euro ($136.8 million) loan advanced by Deutsche Bank AG, will fund the majority of the remaining cost of developing the wider Capital Dock project, which will also include apartments, according to Kennedy Wilson. Bloomberg News earlier reported the bank’s plan to buy the building.  BLOOMBERG Share this story Recommended For You Most Read 1 Courtney's 'killer' was a childhood friend of her dad's 2 Zuma #SecretBallot jitters 3 One dead in hijacking near OR Tambo airport 4 #CourtneyPieters: Gruesome audio details emerge 5 Blue Whale 'suicide game' hits SA's shores Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan just bought a Dublin building to house 1,000 staff for post-Brexit job flexibility Lianna Brinded May 15, 2017, 5:01 AM 742 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shutterstock/littleny JPMorgan agreed to buy a building in Dublin, Ireland to house 1,000 staff in order to give it flexibility in serving clients after Britain leaves the European Union on March 29. That is according to property investment company Kennedy Wilson who sent a statement to Reuters. It said JPM has agreed to buy a 130,000 square foot building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands area.  "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union,"Carin Bryans, a senior country officer for JPM in Ireland told Reuters. At the beginning of the month, Daniel Pinto, head of investment banking at JPM, told Bloomberg in an interview that the banking giant plans to move "hundreds of people" in London to the three offices in the European Union in order to be prepared for if Britain leaves the Single Market.  The three main offices would be located in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. The loss of passporting rights seems almost a certainty under Prime Minister Theresa May's "hard Brexit" plan — the loss of membership of the EU's Single Market in exchange for complete control over immigration. If the passport is taken away, London could cease to be the most important financial centre in Europe, costing the UK thousands of jobs and billions in revenue. Around 5,500 firms registered in the UK rely on the European Union’s passporting rights for the financial services sector, and they turn over about £9 billion in revenue.  This is one of the biggest fears in the City. It is has subsequently led to other global investment banks, such as Citigroup and HSBC signalling job moves to continental Europe from London. Last month, Lloyd's of London said it would open a subsidiary in the heart of the EU, the day after Prime Minister Theresa May began talks to take the UK out of the 28-state trading bloc. In March, Lloyd's of London — the city's 329-year-old insurance market — said it would open a subsidiary in the heart of the European Union to counter Brexit effects. NOW WATCH: SCOTT GALLOWAY: Stop blaming Amazon for killing retail Loading video... More: JPM Brexit Contingency Plan Jamie Dimon Dublin facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan just bought a Dublin building to house 1,000 staff for post-Brexit job flexibility JPMorgan just bought a Dublin building to house 1,000 staff for post-Brexit job flexibility JPMorgan agreed to buy a building in... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Recent News Ocean Giant’s Annual Resupply of McMurdo Station, Antarctica Tanker Market Long-Hauls Supported By Venezuelan Oil, says Shipbroker BIMCO Launches Latest Guidance For Charter Negotiations The Ocean Victory – Supreme Court Decision Piraeus port, shining star in modern maritime Silk Road Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Commodities / Commodity News / Iron ore outlook signals a winter of discontent Iron ore outlook signals a winter of discontent in Commodity News 15/05/2017 A winter pullback in shares is looking more likely by the day. With a bounce in banks and iron ore miners running out of steam, the benchmark S&P/ASX 200 index closed almost flat at 5878.3 points yesterday after rising 0.8 per cent during the day. Having shied away from the elusive 6000-point mark three times in the past four weeks — the index was capped at 5922.5 points yesterday — it looked to be forming a classic “head & shoulders top”. Fortescue fell 5 per cent as a dive in China’s Dalian iron ore ­futures suggested the spot price of Australia’s biggest export was to fall below $U60 a tonne to a seven-month low overnight. Adding to concern about the short-term outlook for iron ore prices and China’s economy, China’s Fin­ancial News said the People’s Bank of China was increasing its co-ordination with banking, securities and insurance regulators to implement regulations. Any sustained falls in iron ore prices and China’s sharemarket would be bad news for the local bourse, but the outlook for the major banks will be crucial given their weighing in the index. After falling sharply from two-year highs this month amid disappointing earnings reports from the sector and the new bank levy announced in the budget, the major banks staged an impressive bounce off multi-month lows, but it was short-lived as they pared intraday gains. On the bright side, JPMorgan analysts said the earnings season and post-budget derating of bank share prices may be almost done. The firm correctly anticipated a slight reduction in bank margins before the reporting season, and in its view the 10 per cent fall in bank share prices caused by earnings disappointment and the levy pushed share prices from 15 per cent expensive to about 5 per cent expensive. With their below-consensus earnings estimates for fiscal 2018 based on conservative margins, dividends still looking sound and, with adequate bank capital ratios, JPMorgan analysts said: “Bank yields of about 6 per cent may once again prove attractive support if the sector looks to sell off further.” Australian banks normally trade on a net dividend yield of about 5 per cent. As of yesterday their yields ranged from 5.1 per cent for CBA to 6.1 per cent for NAB. Interesting in this regard were comments from ANZ chief executive Shayne Elliot yesterday that the new bank tax would impede the ability of the sector to pay dividends, although it was “unlikely to happen tomorrow”. Together with worries about the extent of any housing downturn, concern about the potential effects of the bank levy could linger. Indeed, Citi chief economist Paul Brennan says the bank levy makes him more confident of a recent prediction that average house prices would fall as much as 7 per cent next year. “The RBA might be out of the game but you’ve got upward pressure on mortgage lending rates at a time when household debt is at record highs, wage growth is a record lows and retail spending is extremely weak,” he says. “Deleveraging by households could see some forced selling by those borrowers who have no mortgage buffers.” CLSA’s top-rated banks analyst, Brian Johnson, says while the bank levy will appear to trim the major banks’ earnings by 3-5 per cent, “there a lot of unknowns”. “Post-GFC, the Australian banks have seemingly enjoyed unfettered pricing power to increase variable housing rates to offset structural pressures on net interest margins and returns on equity,” Johnson notes. “The budget specifically tasks, and funds, the ACCC to monitor bank competitive behaviour, and similarly APRA to regulate and apply macro­prudential supervision of non-banks as well as the power to implement geographical macro initiatives.” UBS analyst Jonathan Mott says “bank repricing could easily earn the wrath of the government who may react by increasing the bank levy rate. The UK bank levy was hiked nine times.” Future governments could also raise the bank levy as an easy source of revenue to fund spending, tax cuts or the deficit, especially as none of the political parties oppose this policy. And if the banks increase their mortgage rates, it will put further pressure on household cash flows, which are already suffering from near record low income growth, higher mortgage payments as they revert to principal from interest-only loans and absorb recent repricing and higher power bills. “While the implication on the ‘animal spirits’ in the housing market is difficult to predict, we see substantial risk to the Australian housing bubble,” Mott says. Source: The Australian 2017-05-15 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: China: Reorganization, mergers gather pace in coal sector Next: Iran Ramps Up Oil Exports to South Korea, Much to Trump’s Chagrin Related News Ocean Giant’s Annual Resupply of McMurdo Station, Antarctica 16/05/2017 Tanker Market Long-Hauls Supported By Venezuelan Oil, says Shipbroker 16/05/2017 BIMCO Launches Latest Guidance For Charter Negotiations 16/05/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos Ocean Giant’s Annual Resupply of McMurdo Station, Antarctica 16/05/2017 GPA COSCO Development 2017 16/05/2017 CO2 Emissions: Gas VS. Coal | Total 16/05/2017 May 15 Energy Commentary: Alan Knuckman 15/05/2017 FSRU Neptune Turkey 15/05/2017 Bahri Hofuf in Jebel Ali (DPW) | البحري هفوف في ميناء جبل علي 15/05/2017 M/V YUSHO SEVEN 一般貨物船 General cargo ship 2017-JAN 15/05/2017 Bahri Tabuk in Gdansk port | البحري تبوك في ميناء غدانسك 15/05/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Banks | Mon May 15, 2017 | 6:51am EDT JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff A view of the exterior of the JP Morgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/Files By Conor Humphries | DUBLIN DUBLIN JPMorgan Chase (JPM.N) has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. The U.S. investment bank will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square meter) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, the building's developer Kennedy Wilson (KWE.L) said in a statement. The bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan plans to hire a significant number of people in Dublin in its expanding custody and funds services businesses over the next three years, JPMorgan’s head of investor services James Kenny told the Financial Times at the weekend. The bank has indicated it will use its existing European Union banks, in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg to anchor its European Union operations after Brexit. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said in the statement. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince companies with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. Hubertus Vaeth, the head of Frankfurt's campaign to promote the city to banks since Britain voted to leave the EU, told Reuters earlier this month he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. Rivalry between the different EU cities has become acrimonious at times, with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behavior by other centers. Ireland's financial services minister, Eoghan Murphy, said in a statement on Monday that JPMorgan's announcement was "a welcome vote of confidence in the strength of Ireland's offering and Dublin's status as a major financial center." (Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by Louise Heavens and Jane Merriman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Banks BNY Mellon advances artificial intelligence tech across operations NEW YORK The Bank of New York Mellon Corp has developed and deployed automated computer programs, or more than 220 "bots", across its businesses over the past 15 months seeking more efficiency and lower costs, as the adoption of artificial intelligence technology in banking increases. Wells Fargo bogus accounts balloon to 3.5 million: lawyers Wells Fargo & Co may have opened as many as 3.5 million unauthorized customer accounts, far more than previously estimated, according to lawyers seeking approval of a $142 million settlement over the practice. RBS CEO sees potential to settle major U.S. mortgage probe LONDON Royal Bank of Scotland Chief Executive Ross McEwan said the bank is in talks to settle one of the two major U.S. investigations into allegations it mis-sold mortgage-backed securities that it needs to overcome before the British government can sell its shares in the bailed-out bank. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Construction begins on €500m Limerick Twenty Thirty development Dave, technology and the power of people Is UX the new ‘going to the gym’? Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector ‘Significant’ number of jobs incoming at new JP Morgan Dublin office Weekend takeaway: All things bright and beautiful Apple invests $200m in Corning to revolutionise glass technology The Pao effect: How Ellen Pao made Silicon Valley face up to gender discrimination Uber ‘is a transport service’, so its EU moves will prove tricky It’s ink on demand: HP moves into the subscriptions business Android users beware, Netflix will no longer work on some phones Impact of WannaCry: Major disruption as organisations go back to work You would WannaCry: What is the malware that’s holding the world to ransom? So long IOUs, P2P payments are mainstream now ‘AI is an opportunity to evaluate and improve ways of doing business’ Is Trump’s cybersecurity order merely ‘a plan to make a plan’? Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn Dundalk innovation hub lands two-year 1GB broadband freebie ‘Culture is key to a high-performance sales organisation’ Servers melt as John Oliver once again challenges FCC over net neutrality SpaceX to send fleet of high-speed internet satellites into orbit by 2019 Betting and mould start-ups raise funds as Apple swoops for AI firm Start-up of the week: ThingBook Return of the sixth: Uprise start-up festival coming to Dublin in October Funding pours into cancer treatment, crop stress and credit companies An Improbable investment: Why did SoftBank just invest $502m in a breakthrough UK start-up? Imagine a world where staff control when and how they get paid ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Yet another deep space radio burst mystifies the world’s astronomers PhD researchers sought for major €5.8m renewables study World’s forest cover shoots up 9pc after major Google Earth discovery Meet the three Irish winners at this year’s NASA global hackathon How can we improve the immune system? By watching the clock Astronomers identify possible renegade supermassive black hole Irish IoT player to power the eyes of the smart home IoT round-up: Dell, tablet advances and smart security cameras AR brings ceremony to Beatie Wolfe’s Raw Space from Bell Labs’ room without echoes DCU’s Fraunhofer Project Centre opens up lab-on-a-chip opportunities for industry Report claims self-driving cars will totally collapse US car industry by 2030 Ulster University team finishes third in challenge to build a real ‘tricorder’ How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS Whopping 900 jobs announced in Ireland in just one week 15,000 people expected to descend on CoderDojo’s Coolest Projects 2017 Ireland has more women in ICT than the EU average Siemens and Engineers Ireland forge life sciences training pact From pharma to Facebook: Job opportunities on the rise Students want cyber safety added to school curriculum Is your body language costing you your dream job? How to get more time in your day until time travel is invented What exactly is a UX designer and how can I be one? How to win connections and network with people Who says you need to be a leader to gain leadership skills? What can you do with a career in data science? 6 career lessons I learned on the run How to succeed in a tech career: ‘Set your goals high and be persistent’ ‘I knew voice tech was getting big, but no one was looking at kids’ stuff’ Homecoming: A story of acquisitions, adventure and career growth Want to work in digital marketing? Start with your own website A flexible workforce is essential in the fintech industry 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful LinkedIn is hiring! But, who is it looking for? Pharma giant creating 45 jobs with new Blanchardstown hub A design for life: Engineering firm creating 100 Dublin jobs Irish tech company Aspire bringing 150 jobs to Sandyford The Aliens are coming as Cork gets 50 new computer security jobs Netflix creates 400 jobs in Amsterdam in epic European content drive ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Google Maps might be able to solve a decades-old border dispute in Asia Wikipedia founder introduces site to tackle fake news Can Google’s AutoDraw recognise your doodles? Facebook to hold its first ever Communities Summit in Chicago Twitter Lite is the new 1MB web service for the developing world Humans on the frontline as Facebook attempts to tackle revenge porn Proposed ban on ‘unrestricted’ smartphones for kids discussed Amazon plans to reveal revamped Echo to keep ahead of its rivals Microsoft Windows 10 S will get release on new Surface Laptop What is it actually like to deal with a mobile-only bank? Some Eir and Meteor customers getting free sports TV app Maslow’s hierarchy of needs receives a mobile overhaul Another nail in TV’s coffin: YouTube to produce 7 original series this year YouTube reveals new Material Design desktop site E-sports champions will now get medals at 2022 Asian Games Well, well, well, YouTube finally gets serious about live TV Netflix to tailor future original series to suit smartphones Could The Matrix be making a comeback to our screens? ‘My Happy Robot Tom’ is today’s glorious Google Doodle 13 inspirational women honoured in latest Google Doodle From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas ALL Fraunhofer Project Centre opens at Dublin City University Aon: Where success is built on collaboration and innovation What are the biggest cybersecurity trends right now? ‘We live and die by our client relationships’ Does your hiring pipeline encourage diversity? Dropbox: Seeking those who can embrace ‘We, not I’ ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT COMPANIES ‘Significant’ number of jobs incoming at new JP Morgan Dublin office by Colm Gorey 4 hours ago12 Shares Capital Dock building. Image: Kennedy Wilson After much speculation, JP Morgan is officially opening its post-Brexit office in Dublin at the new Capital Dock building. The first rumblings of a new JP Morgan site began in March of this year when sources within the financial giant claimed that the firm was to open an office for 1,000 staff in Dublin in the wake of Brexit. This was then all but confirmed on 3 May when the company’s chief executive, Daniel Pinto, said that in the short term, hundreds of staff would be making the move to prepare for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passport deal. Now, the consortium of Kennedy Wilson, Fairfax Financial Holdings and NAMA has announced the sale of its 130,000 sq ft Capital Dock office building to JP Morgan. Located on Sir John Rogerson’s Quay in Dublin’s docklands, Capital Dock is one of the largest single-phase, ground-up developments to be delivered in the city, with more than 660,000 sq ft of new, mixed-use space. JP Morgan will be moving into 200 Capital Dock, which was agreed as part of a forward-funding sale agreement to coincide with completion of the building towards the latter half of 2018. Its designers have said that the office is capable of accommodating more than 1,000 staff within Capital Dock, comprising 660,000 sq ft of space as well as 190 residential units for rent. Significant job creation expected “We are excited to welcome JP Morgan, through its acquisition of 200 Capital Dock, as the first major office occupier to commit to this best-in-class, mixed-use campus development, to grow its existing business and meet its long-term plans in Ireland,” said William McMorrow, chairperson and CEO of Kennedy Wilson. Meanwhile, JP Morgan’s senior country officer in Ireland, Carin Bryans, added: “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours. “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union.” Speaking with the Financial Times over the weekend, the firm’s head of investor services, James Kenny, said it will hire a “significant” number of people in Dublin and that some of these jobs could be “filled by people moving from other countries”. Related: finance, Dublin, jobs 66 DAYS 4 HOURS 26 MINUTES Get your early bird tickets now! Colm Gorey is a journalist with Siliconrepublic.com editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Companies Reports claim JPMorgan Chase is considering Dublin office for 1,000 staff 31 Mar 201712 Shares Hiring Now Excellence in research for innovation and analytics Help develop the future of sales and trading Be part of a globally successful team Life-changing career opportunities for you Keeps files safe, synced and easy to share Companies Is Facebook plotting a 1,000-job expansion in Dublin’s northside? 22 Feb 2017119 Shares Jobs Fidelity International seeking passionate and innovative employees 19 Jan 2017753 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Do meaningful, creative, cutting-edge work as an AOL intern 1 Feb 2017 People Almost 10pc of Dublin workers are software developers 24 Apr 2017647 Shares Jobs AI firm InsideSales to open 120-strong Irish office on back of $50m funding 18 Jan 2017315 Shares Latest News Betting and mould start-ups raise funds as Apple swoops for AI firm 1 hour ago LinkedIn is hiring! But, who is it looking for? 1 hour ago Yet another deep space radio burst mystifies the world’s astronomers 2 hours ago PhD researchers sought for major €5.8m renewables study 2 hours ago Ireland needs a digital master plan for its regions 2 hours ago Pharma giant creating 45 jobs with new Blanchardstown hub 3 hours ago ‘Significant’ number of jobs incoming at new JP Morgan Dublin office 4 hours ago Android users beware, Netflix will no longer work on some phones 5 hours ago David Puttnam steps down from role as Irish digital champion 5 hours ago Impact of WannaCry: Major disruption as organisations go back to work 6 hours ago Start-up of the week: ThingBook 7 hours ago You would WannaCry: What is the malware that’s holding the world to ransom? 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: All things bright and beautiful 2 days ago So long IOUs, P2P payments are mainstream now 2 days ago Whopping 900 jobs announced in Ireland in just one week 2 days ago Irish IoT player to power the eyes of the smart home 2 days ago Apple invests $200m in Corning to revolutionise glass technology 2 days ago ‘AI is an opportunity to evaluate and improve ways of doing business’ 2 days ago IoT round-up: Dell, tablet advances and smart security cameras 2 days ago World’s forest cover shoots up 9pc after major Google Earth discovery 3 days ago Return of the sixth: Uprise start-up festival coming to Dublin in October 3 days ago The future is 5G: Verizon buys Straight Path for $3.1bn 3 days ago Is your body language costing you your dream job? 3 days ago Meet the three Irish winners at this year’s NASA global hackathon 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad JPMorgan buys Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff By Reuters Published: 05:27 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 05:27 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail DUBLIN, May 15 (Reuters) - JPMorgan Chase has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services firm expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms in the wake of Brexit. Dublin, Frankfurt, Paris and Luxembourg are widely seen as the locations most likely to benefit as firms based in London move some staff to European Union locations after Britain leaves the bloc. The U.S. investment bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. JPMorgan will acquire a 130,000 square foot (12,000 square metre) building at the Capital Dock development in Dublin's docklands, real estate investment company Kennedy Wilson , which is developing the building, said in a statement. "This new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union," senior country officer for J.P. Morgan in Ireland Carin Bryans said. Ireland has engaged on a major lobbying campaign during the past year to try to convince firms with large bases in the United Kingdom to consider moving some of their staff to Ireland to maintain access to the European Union's single market. The head of a similar campaign by Frankfurt earlier this month told Reuters that he expected the five largest U.S. investment banks to move staff to more than one EU location with around 1,000 going to Frankfurt and possibly more to Dublin. The race has been acrimonious at times with Ireland complaining to the European Commission that it is being undercut by predatory behaviour by rival centres. (Reporting by Conor Humphries, editing by Louise Heavens) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee at her local supermarket as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was tragically found hanged at his home PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York The reality star, 36, was spotted looking stylish All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED How Demelza gets her dazzle! £12,000 earrings, a VERY daring designer, scarlet hair dye - and ambition so fierce she bagged an agent at 11 Dancing Queens! Geordie Shore's Chantelle Connelly performs sexy bikini-clad dance routine with Love Island's Katie Salmon 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza... but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Took his daughter out for a little treat  'Not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Penelope Cruz is unrecognisable as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role Natural raven beauty Right royal stitch-up: BAFTA jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown It was a shock outcome Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama 'Perfect setting with the perfect person': Mark Wright shares romantic Instagram snap with Michelle Keegan as they enjoy a sunset together  The love of Louise's life? Or an over-inflated human sex doll with hair constructed out of Quavers? Ryan Libbey flexed his muscle on MIC, by Jim Shelley 'There might have been a few cheeky bum grabs!' MIC's Harry causes MORE trouble as he reveals he and Frankie got close behind Jamie's back Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Wonder Woman actress PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Stephanie Davis looks weary in her velour tracksuit following her recent stint in hospital for stress-related illness 'Does my bump look big in this': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd goes makeup-free as she shows off blossoming tummy in striking scarlet onsie 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits Pippa's $110k crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a 140ft-long glass marquee installed at Middleton Manor ready for her 'relaxed' country wedding Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theatre trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' Over so soon for the Ex's & Oh's hitmaker 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their daughter, 12, alone after Mel B alleged he had been violent towards her 'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with Billy Ray The Saturdays singer Una Healy stuns audiences in a lacy black dress as she promotes album The Waiting Game at solo gig Gone solo SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he prepares to become a father for second time Jeremy McConnell cuddles sweet son Caben-Albi in heartwarming Instagram snap... after loved-up display with girlfriend Stephanie Davis  Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge Victoria Beckham flashes a rare smile in perfectly co-ordinated blue ensemble at airport as she labels herself a 'control freak' Bright and beautiful Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits 'Motherhood can be lonely': Peter Andre's wife Emily MacDonagh, 27, reveals how she struggled to make friends with other mums in her area Megan McKenna dresses down as she shows off her poker straight chocolate locks for a trip to the salon... after fooling fans she had gone pink Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Josie Gibson posts graphic post-surgery snap as she flaunts her toned stomach in crop top after having 6lbs removed in tummy tuck operation Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born Polished after a long day of filming She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event Some of the biggest stars of the small screen 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mum Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Details have emerged Michael Caine and former Loose Woman Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'We are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumour Doctor in the House? This was more like Doctor All At Sea: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  'NO, it's not Jordan!': Katie Price hints at a new transformation far removed from her famous alter-ego... after hubby Kieran Hayler poked fun at her past Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former teen star 'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' 'She called me her daughter': EastEnders' Jasmine Armfield recalls meeting on-screen mum Natalie Cassidy... as she admits she was sick SEVEN times on the way 'MILF!' Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride... after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu Grandfather-of-seven Ex On The Beach star Harriette Harper sparks engagement rumours as she posts a snap with beau Sam Reece with VERY big sparkler on her wedding finger 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping £131million from the sport Emma Willis is forced to abandon husband Matt's surprise birthday Ibiza celebrations after she's rushed to hospital with 'a horribly infected appendix' Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on dream directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run 'Time flies!': Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life  Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson 'He said you're looking fat': Claire Sweeney reveals her weight loss was sparked by a VERY honest friend... as she doesn't rule out having another child  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke Country legend Loretta suffered a stroke more than a week ago 'I know she's going to be the perfect mama': Ronan Keating gushes over wife Storm as she cradles newborn son Cooper in sweet Mother's Day snap 'She is unable to walk because of the pain': Alleged details of Olivia Newton-John's health battle surface... as she 'fears for wayward daughter' Chloe Lattanzi PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Laura Whitmore arrives at London hotel holding hands with close pal Ore Oduba after night of raucous partying at the TV BAFTAs No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She rarely gets a chance to do glamorous The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favourite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  'He saved Polly's life': Kym Marsh reveals the terrifying moment her daughter almost DIED... Before boyfriend Matt Baker came to the rescue Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills Christine McGuinness channels her inner Barbie as she slips into a VERY plunging pink swimsuit... after revealing her eating disorder battle The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day Singer is the latest star to bring her offspring to the Museum Of Ice Cream  Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Jamie and Rebekah Vardy rush baby son Finley to hospital after he developed shingles on his head 'It's a shame and a sad situation': Love Island's Cara De La Hoyde shows off her bump as she reveals she's PREGNANT with ex Nathan Massey's child 'Falling in love': Vogue Williams sizzles in bikini clad selfies with beau Spencer Matthews... as brother James and Pippa Middleton's wedding approaches 'My poor husband hasn't had much of anything!': Tina Hobley admits horrific injuries from The Jump have ruined her sex life with  partner Oliver Wheeler 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Have you packed enough? Lady Victoria Hervey lugs five bags and her Norfolk terrier to Nice as she arrives in a military-style hat and jacket ahead of Cannes Film Festival Made In Chelsea star Jamie Laing shows off painful sunburn as his gorgeous girlfriend Frankie Gaff sizzles in skimpy bikini during romantic getaway in Dubai 'I'd like to know what it's like': Loose Women's Saira Khan admits she would sleep with a £12,000 SEX ROBOT Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap Relaxed Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver trainers as she jets home from Barcelona Coronation Street's Lucy Fallon looks stylish as she visits beauty clinic during day-off from filming ITV soap's disturbing grooming plot 'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Kate Moss poses topless alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewellery line  'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie 'There are very dark days': Kirsty Gallacher, 41, opens up about overcoming 'difficult' divorce from rugby player ex as she admits she wants another child Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert Back to her old tricks! Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit  'I was shaking!' Jemma Lucy was stopped by airport security who thought she was being SEX TRAFFICKED because she was had cuddly toy 'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date The brunette showed off her long legs She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in NYC after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' There fore The Sinner And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in the sea after renewing vows with husband Kroy Biermann Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog It's her first Mother's Day since starting a new life as a single mom. Phoebe Waller-Bridge sets pulses racing as she strips off for romp with co-star on Fleabag... after making VERY crude joke at TV BAFTAs Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'Who does he think he's kidding!' Mark Wright is accused of stuffing his skimpy underwear with socks as he shares VERY revealing video 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Jemma Lucy reveals bizarre moment she was stopped by airport security in fears she was being SEX TRAFFICKED... as she was holding a cuddly toy Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum steps out in a skimpy wine-stained frock... as she 'likes' a quote bemoaning 'no champagne in prison' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic 'I thought I was going to die': Amy Childs discusses 'horrific' 27-hour labour as she introduces newborn baby daughter Polly in sweet shoot Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays his buff figure as he spends romantic day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... two days after his daughter is arrested  First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Model of the moment Nick Cave makes a rare outing with wife Susie and son Earl... as he vows to quit UK after grief following son Arthur's fatal LSD-fuelled clifftop fall It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  The couple, who got engaged on the finale episode of season 20 of The Bachelor in 2016, announced the split on Monday. Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands Expecting a baby boy with husband Spencer She's flawless! Australian model Robin Lawley sizzles in a photo shoot for curvy swimwear label Simply Be Famed for her curves Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch on Mother's Day Took her for a stroll  'Best Mother's Day EVER!' Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoy a day out at the Museum Of Ice Cream with Apple and Moses  'Mia is our saving Grace': Mike Tindall reveals how he and Zara were comforted by their daughter as he talks for the first time about the miscarriage  Scantily-clad Gemma Collins oozes body confidence while posing in plunging swimwear... as she tells fans she has been 'trimming her curves' on her holiday  Holly Willoughby downs a shot of TEQUILA live on This Morning... just hours after making a bleary-eyed exit from the boozy TV BAFTAs  Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she arrives at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival She's arrived Now that's a car crash interview! Phillip Schofield reveals he nearly RAN OVER Orlando Bloom before the actor was famous That's awkward... Braless Charlotte Crosby indulges in passionate kiss with Stephen Bear before crawling around on the floor on boozy night out in Watford Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris . Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post She's mother to his son Future Zahir Wilburn That's commitment! Steve Coogan misses collecting his Male Comedy Performance gong at BAFTAs to join John C. Reilly on set of Laurel and Hardy biopic Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Teased her fans  'You take my breath away': Proud mum Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18,  on her prom night Highlighted her likeness Pixie Lott slips into a sizzling palm-print swimsuit as she soaks up the sun in Bali with  fiancé Oliver Cheshire Making the most of her tropical island getaway Corrie's Brooke Vincent wears leopard print midi dress and biker jacket as she goes for dinner with footballer beau Kean Bryan in Manchester 'Let's honour dad's too!' Drew Barrymore pays tribute to 'awesome' ex Will Kopelman on Mother's Day No longer married 'The team is back together!': Ant and Dec confirm SM:TV Live will return next year with Cat Deeley in tow... after pushing for the show's revival to mark its 20th 'She tells me to make the sex look good': Matthew Morrison reveals his wife is VERY supportive as he talks about 'intimate moment' with Cara Delevingne 'It's a health crises not a criminal one!' Former addict and teen star Ethan Embry slams Jeff Sessions' memo ordering crackdown on drug users Their reign is over! Scream Queens with Emma Roberts and Lea Michele has been canceled by Fox The all-star horror series has come to an end Fun night? Bleary-eyed Tess Daly leaves the BAFTA TV Awards as Holly Willoughby struggles to retain her composure following a VERY boozy night out Cruella De Vil inspired hair, Medusa-like creations and space-age tawdry sequins: It's the frock of all horrors for the 2017 BAFTA TV Awards worst-dressed Poldark's Eleanor Tomlinson stuns in plunging gown as she joins beauties Holly Willoughby and Anna Friel on the rainy TV BAFTAs red carpet 'Close call on the dresses ladies!': Tess Daly and Holly Willoughby make fashion faux pas as they wear near IDENTICAL frock at BAFTA TV Danny Dyer looks dapper at the BAFTA TV Awards 2017 as he makes his first public appearance since taking time out for exhaustion ahead of comeback Fit for a princess! The Crown's Vanessa Kirby dazzles in ethereal bardot evening gown at TV BAFTAs 2017... amid Tom Cruise romance rumours 'If it had been on the BBC it would have wiped the floor!': The Crown is SNUBBED at the BAFTA TV Awards as it loses out on five gongs 'Being tourists': Perrie Edwards slips into leather trousers as she and boyfriend Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain enjoy a date night in London Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Passed away in LA 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development A fifth spin-off show 'I don't have anything to protect myself': 50 Cent's caretaker begs police to hurry in panicked 911 call during raid on Connecticut mansion Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and husband Patrick Kielty It was a success Orlando Bloom's mother denies her son is racist as she admits phoning a gipsy association to apologise after he called himself a 'pikey' live on Radio 1  'I'm a f**ked up, horrible sex addict': Scott Disick admits he has a problem after being branded 'disrespectful' by his ex Kourtney Kardashian Mother nature: Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as the US celebrates Mother's Day The star timed the naughty post perfectly Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Boothe died in his sleep on Sunday 'There were three of us': Pregnant Abi Titmuss reveals how she could feel her unborn child moving as she walked down the aisle to wed Ari Welkom Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Had a jam packed day that started with coffee Très chic! As the Cannes Film Festival kicks off on Wednesday, FEMAIL takes a look back at the most memorable red carpet ensembles 'You are our strength': Kim Kardashian shares gushing social media tribute to mother Kris Jenner in a series of sentimental Instagram posts on Mother's Day 'I've become egocentric': Louise Thompson flaunts her gym-honed figure in TINY white swimwear as she reflects on 'manic lifestyle'  Just us girls! Marnie Simpson, Chloe Ferry and Sophie Kasaei show off their pins as they step out in Newcastle for a night of Geordie Shore filming Is that you, Poldark? Shirtless Peter Kay channels hunky Aidan Turner as he films shirtless scenes for new period drama themed Warburtons advert 'Please be kind to me!' Naked Diet chef Tess Ward pleads with Harry Styles' fans to go easy on her as relationship with pop heartthrob heats up She's glowing! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley nails maternity chic in pretty bardot dress as she steps out in Malibu Expecting her first child Scarlett Moffatt signs on for another series of Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway... as the duo gush about her talents at the TV BAFTAs 'It's all about love!' Defiant Sadie Frost shares a shot of herself snuggling up to beau Darren Strowger... days after speculation of a VERY public split Kelly Rohrbach ditches her iconic red swimsuit for a chic white bandeau dress as she attends Baywatch photo call in Miami All white on the night Shades of grey! Crown Princess Victoria is impeccably co-ordinated in head-to-toe neutrals as she visits Sweden's science academy Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work 'A show about how stressful it can be when someone takes your job...': Sue Perkins pokes fun at new Bake Off hosts  Phoebe Waller-Bridge cracks a VERY crude joke as she accepts her TV BAFTA... as she denies rumours she will become the first female Doctor Metallic marvel: Charlotte Riley shows off her toned legs in a VERY revealing slit dress on the red carpet of the BAFTA TV Awards 2017 in London Heavily pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe shows off her blossoming bump in stunning lilac lace gown at the TV BAFTAS 2017 That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with son Pax  Dedicated mother-son night out Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single Spending time with her mother Is that a French kiss? Amber Rose frolics with Montana in black lacy in a very sexy fishnet one-piece as they hit the beach in Miami Flirty duo Practically perfect in every way! Lin-Manuel Miranda displays his vocal prowess on a bike as he and Emily Blunt resume filming for Mary Poppins sequel B**** better have my trousers: Rihanna wears leotard with leather chap boots which reveal a glimpse of her derriere as she storms stage in Milan EastEnders fans reveal TWO major plot twists as new spin-off series Redwater debuts in Ireland four days before it's due to air on BBC One Mum's the word: Jaden and Willow Smith enjoy Mother's Day meal at Nobu with Jada Pinkett-Smith and grandmother Adrienne Banfield-Jones Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe Up on the roof! Jorgie Porter flaunts her toned tum in sexy white cut-out bikini while sunbathing in LA  She was a long way from Chester  Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day in the US... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck Megan Fox dresses down in sweats for a Mother's Day lunch out in Malibu with husband Brian Austin Green and their nine-month-old son Journey Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Keeping it low-key Emmerdale actress and self-proclaimed witch reveals she left a trail of her own URINE around her home to lure back her missing cat Plays Bernice White  'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman Mega budget King Arthur flops with $14 million opening as Guardians Of The Galaxy continues to dominate the box office Gritty re-imagining  The look of love: Harry Kane and girlfriend Kate Goodland dote on cherubic baby girl Ivy, five months, as they say goodbye to White Hart Lane Ab-flashing Lady Gaga rocks two quirky eye-catching looks as she bonds with sartorially savvy mum Cynthia on Mother's Day in New York Dark horse: Katy Perry 'set to become new American Idol anchor judge as deal is almost finalised' In negotiations to secure her fee PICTURED: Ryan Giggs' friends forced to step in as a rival group 'picks fight' with the footballer while he drinks with a mystery woman on lads' holiday Is Robbie Williams the neighbour from hell? Star leaves residents furious over plans for giant 'shed on stilts' (but long-time foe Jimmy Page ISN'T one of them) 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift 'Cheers sweeties!' Joanna Lumley morphs into her famous Ab Fab alterego Patsy as co-star Jennifer Saunders gives her Fellowship Award at TV BAFTAs Opposites attract! Close friends Tess Daly and Claudia Winkleman complement each other in contrasting pink and black dresses as they arrive at the TV BAFTAs 'You'll no doubt be p***** on This Morning again!' Alan Carr teases Holly Willoughby over her infamous post-NTAs appearance at the BAFTA TV awards 'It is woeful politicians aren't addressing dementia enough': John Middleton calls for action as he collects Best Soap award for Emmerdale at BAFTAs Laura Whitmore is a vision as she makes a statement in a VERY colouful floor-length gown on the red carpet at BAFTA TV Awards 2017 Back with a bang! Roxanne Pallett stuns in bridal-inspired gown as she returns to the UK for TV BAFTAs... after fleeing the country  That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 Mariah Carey displays her ample cleavage in plunging tuxedo mini dress as she celebrates Mother's Day with her ex Nick Cannon and children in Malibu PICTURED: Pregnant Abi Titmuss protects her stunning lace bridal gown from the rain as she heads down the aisle with American actor fiancé Ari Welkom 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Happy to be third wheel 'Flaunt what you've worked for': Busty Vicky Pattison continues to show off weight loss in TINY bikini in intimate bedroom snap 'Not a very ladylike pose!' Gemma Collins posts raunchy poolside snap... after her mystery man performs shirtless dance routine in sizzling Instagram updates Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post 'If I could have swapped places, I would have done it like a shot': Jean-Christophe Novelli reveals his baby son Valentino is free of cancer SPOILER ALERT: American Gods features fiery sex scene between Middle Eastern man and male Ifrit American Gods smashed some boundaries I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Pebe is a 61-year-old songwriter Fresh start: Former X Factor star Craig Colton and his boyfriend Shane spotted moving into a new home... after fleeing their old house due to homophobic knife attack Miami heat! Bikini-clad Priyanka Chopra spends Mother's Day with friends at the beach after Baywatch premiere Sand and surf 'I was completely broken': Camila Cabello reveals 'dark time' 'full of pain' that led to split from Fifth Harmony as she announces first single 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Posing up a Storm! Tallia shows Brooklyn Beckham what he's missing as she wows in a very racy swimsuit for Ibiza photoshoot He's married! Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons ties the knot with partner of 14 years Todd Spiewak at NYC's Rainbow Room 'My two very special ladies': Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his mum... after saying he needed convincing about 'Bear' 'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham promotes fashion line  'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional post as she recovers from cancer Clip it low! Christina Milian flaunts bountiful bust in unbuttoned blouse as she goes Mother's Day shopping Excursion to the upmarket Grove mal Heartthrob Joseph Fiennes plays a brutal rapist during shocking scene in dystopian drama The Handmaid's Tale WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao She went for a 'very formal beach glamour'  Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned an Italian-born 25-year-old  TOWIE's Kate Wright puts eye-popping cleavage on display in plunging white swimsuit for sizzling Instagram photo 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 How do they know each other? Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum throws her arm around Jamie O'Hara in cosy display at MMA fight She's a knockout PICTURED: Stephanie Davis leaves hospital holding hands with Jeremy McConnell following 'mystery illness' as she confirms they are back together 'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake The red-faced 36-year-old said: 'We dated yeah' Blimey O'Riley! Countdown host Rachel dazzles fans as she presents the daytime show in racy bodycon dress with saucy cut-out panels Record exec LA Reid leaves Sony Music after a female assistant accused him of harassing her on a 'daily basis' and asking her to 'hug him on a hotel bed' 'Laughs in the sun': Jeremy McConnell and Stephanie Davis put on a defiant display... after her mum posts 'signs of an abusive relationship' Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together Stephanie Davis confirms she and her on/off beau Jeremy McConnell are STILL dating by sharing an intimate photo to Snapchat 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal He's a joker 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Trash talking  Body chameleon! Boy George, 55, flaunts his impressive 40kg weight loss after tipping the scales at 120kgs thanks to snacking on ALMONDS From Delta's modest $570 a night penthouse to Boy George's $10.5m pad and Seal's luxury $20k a week suite: Inside the homes of The Voice Australia coaches 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumours continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx Keeping up tradition: Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game 'Proud mama': Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with twin children... before heading out for date night with beau Alex Rodriguez 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast Gothic chic: Katie Piper turns up the drama in a black puffball dress as she takes to the red carpet at the TV BAFTAs 2017 in London 'You have given me the best 10 hours I've ever had': Happy Valley's Sarah Lancashire pays tribute to rival nominee Claire Foy as she beats The Crown star to gong Doctor Foster's Suranne Jones turns up the glamour as she stuns in a dazzling crimson gown at the 2017 BAFTA TV Awards It's a Strictly reunion! Ed Balls meets up with dancing partner Katya Jones on the red carpet at the TV BAFTAs (and proves he's still got the moves) 'That was a bad joke...' Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge 'We really didn't expect this...But we did have a 50% chance of winning': Ant and Dec can't stop smiling as they scoop their SEVENTH BAFTA award An arresting sight! Line of Duty star Thandie Newton swaps her uniform for a stunning floor-length sequinned lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mum Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Strictly judge Shirley Ballas and her son Mark struggled with 'overwhelming grief' when her brother David took his own life in 2003 'Bad look for a future queen': How Crown Princess Mary was 'BANNED' from seeing her fun-loving best friend because her 'party lifestyle' jarred  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Mother's Day in style  New Strictly head judge Shirley Ballas, 56, 'had relationship with dance student 26 years her junior' 'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Follow @triplepundit 48.2k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Building Healthier Communities In this four-part mini-series, we’ll unpack how large firms can get down to the grassroots level when it comes to engaging communities around health and wellness. Sponsored by Aetna Foundation Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Responsible Forestry In this series sponsored by Procter and Gamble, we’ll explore what it means to practice “responsible forestry” and how trailblazing companies can lead the way. Sponsored by Procter & Gamble Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Good Capital Project (3p discount code “GC_TriplePundit “) The Good Capital Project, through a new design thinking process, will convene all constituents to drive greater collaboration and accelerate capital flows into purpose driven investments. [REGISTER HERE] Use code GC_TriplePundit for 15% off June 19: New York Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit JPMorgan Chase Doubles Down on Detroit Investment by RP Siegel on Monday, May 15th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) If you have a lot of money, you can do a lot of good with it. There are plenty of areas where needs are genuine and deep, and some extra cash can make a big difference. If you are in a position to provide money to help meet some of those needs, and choose to do so, people will think better of you. Of course, there is still the question of, where did all that money come from? Which bring us to JPMorgan Chase’s recent decision to increase its investment in Detroit’s revitalization by $50 million to  $150 million. This is a company with a lot of money. It is also a company that was in the thick of the mischief that led to the 2008 financial crash, a company that has been called “worse than Enron,” a company that paid $20 billion in fines in 2013 alone, and was hit by a deferred prosecution agreement from the Department of Justice. In other words, it’s fair to say that JPM has some issues with its reputation. It’s would be all too easy to conclude that this move is simply a case of whitewashing, or as some might say, greenwashing. But to do so would not only be oversimplifying, but it would also miss an important point about sustainability. That point being that it is infinitely easier to sell sustainability when it’s financially attractive, than to sell it on the grounds that it’s “the right thing to do.” It’s a simple fact of the game that while many people will choose the common good over self-interest a fair amount of the time, an equal, or perhaps greater number will choose self-interest first. Another way to frame the question is, do big companies now put more emphasis on “doing the right thing,” because they have undergone a conversion and are now true believers? Or are they doing these things because they recognize that doing so has become a necessity for any number of reasons? Perhaps that answer is not as important as their actions. Getting back to Detroit, it’s worth noting that will JPMorgan Chase had its roots in the National Bank of Detroit, which was formed in 1933, in the aftermath of the Great Depression, jointly financed by General Motors and the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, the Federal agency put in place to stabilize the banking industry. The second point is that Detroit, after declaring bankruptcy in 2013, with a 22 percent unemployment rate, is getting back on its feet, due to a combination of tops-down and bottoms-up efforts. The leadership of Mayor Mike Duggan, who Fortune calls a “technocrat,” can’t be overlooked either. Duggan, who once said, “We don’t want charity. We want a plan, where you can come in and make money, and other people can notice and follow suit,” really set the tone for what people like JPMorgan Chase CEO Jaime Dimon and developer Dan Gilbert have done there, which was to invest large sums in the city. Both will likely do well. In their press release, JP Morgan Chase said that “improving economic conditions in the city,” was an enabler for the increased level of investment. The funds will go towards grants and loans for: community development ($50 million), small business development ($9.5 million), workforce readiness ($10 million), neighborhood revitalization ($25.8 million), and economic growth ($6.9 million). As the city’s economy grows stronger, these investments will grow in value. Beyond the money, a great deal of thought and planning have gone into this initiative. Says Mayor Duggan, “JPMorgan Chase has been a true partner in our work to restore economic growth and opportunity in Detroit. The firm’s investments have enabled thousands of Detroiters to receive training, created new opportunities for entrepreneurs and revitalized neighborhoods. There is more work to do, and I hope our continued partnership will build a thriving economy for all Detroiters.” This is broad-based, as opposed to trickle-down economics. Funds and opportunities are directed across the economic spectrum and not simply to those at the top. The effort is largely local in nature, with big employers like Quicken Loans being attracted back into the city where 3,100 employees now live. Microsoft has also just moved a Tech Center into 40,000 square feet downtown. According to JPMorgan Chase, their investments to date have created 1,500 jobs, 1,500 housing units, trained 15,000 people, and provided assistance to 1,800 small businesses. The engagement of more than 20 local organizations and over 100 employers in planning and implementing this effort contributes to its likelihood of success. Whether JPMorgan Chase is trying to atone for past sins, or simply trying to make more money is not for us to say. The fact is, quite a bit of good appears to be coming out of this effort. Image credit: RP Siegel Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6571 articles in this category: North Face, Timberland Partner with Humane Society to Reduce Animal Cruelty JPMorgan Chase Doubles Down on Detroit Investment Senate Blocks Trump’s Repeal of Obama ‘Methane Rule’ RP Siegel, author and inventor, shines a powerful light on numerous environmental and technological topics. His work has appeared in Triple Pundit, GreenBiz, Justmeans, CSRWire, Sustainable Brands, PolicyInnovations, Social Earth, 3BL Media, ThomasNet, Huffington Post, Strategy+Business, Mechanical Engineering, and engineering.com among others . He is the co-author, with Roger Saillant, of Vapor Trails, an adventure novel that shows climate change from a human perspective. RP is a professional engineer - a prolific inventor with 52 patents and President of Rain Mountain LLC a an independent product development group. RP recently returned from Abu Dhabi where he traveled as the winner of the 2015 Sustainability Week blogging competition.Contact: bobolink52@gmail.com Follow RP Siegel @RPSiegel Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Latam markets rise as commodities track oil higher Sensex, Nifty50 hit fresh record high; Bharti Airtel, Tata Steel top gainers Dollar languishes near 1-week low after weak US manufacturing activity Rupee opens flat at 64.06 against dollar Gold edges up as dollar eases on weak U.S. data Sell Axis Bank, target Rs 474: Siddharth Bhamre Buy Century Plyboards, target Rs 280.0 : Manas Jaiswal Buy JSW Steel, target Rs 209.0 : Dr CK Narayan Buy NCC Ltd. target Rs 104: Kunal Bothra Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News 10:05 AM | 16 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,455132.66 NIFTY 50 9,47630.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,08492.00 USD/INR 64.120.06 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How US Fed’s $1.7 trillion treasury play will affect global markets By Bloomberg | Updated: May 15, 2017, 01.47 PM IST Post a Comment By Liz Capo McCormick and Alexandra Harris To appreciate just how important the Federal Reserve has been to the US Treasury, consider this simple fact: It alone financed roughly 40 per cent of America’s budget deficit last year. So as Fed officials talk up the possibility of unwinding the central bank’s crisis-era bond holdings later this year, figuring out what will happen when the US loses its biggest source of funding has become a pressing concern. Of course, finding ready buyers in the Treasury market -- arguably the safest and most important in the world -- has rarely been a problem. But with deficits poised to balloon, bond dealers are divided over which parts of the market will feel the most pain as the Fed pulls back and the Treasury ramps up debt issuance to fill those gaps. For JPMorgan Chase, five- to seven-year notes are the most vulnerable to weakening demand, while Deutsche Bank and Societe Generale say yields on longer-term Treasuries will rise the most. “With the Fed, the Treasury has had a very steady backstop buyer of their debt,” said Subadra Rajappa, SocGen’s head of US interest-rate strategy. In coming years, “the Fed has a lot of debt maturing, so there will be a lot more Treasury issuance as the Fed tapers reinvestments.” Indeed, in the next three years, over a trillion dollars worth of the Fed’s $2.5 trillion stockpile of Treasuries -- amassed over three rounds of quantitative easing -- will come due. (The central bank also owns $1.77 trillion of mortgage-backed securities as a result of its QE program.) Last year, the Fed bought just enough Treasuries, about $216 billion worth, to replace those that matured and keep its balance sheet constant. But some dealers expect that reinvestment policy, in place since 2014, to change before year-end. The consequences of the Fed’s pullback extend well beyond the bond market. Rising borrowing costs would make it more expensive to pay for the Trump administration’s pro-growth agenda, which includes not only a trillion dollars of infrastructure spending, but also sizable across-the-board tax cuts. That’s not counting the additional $10 trillion of public debt the US is already expected to incur over the next decade to pay for programs like Medicare and Social Security, according to the Congressional Budget Office. A sustained jump in funding costs may also complicate the case for a new 50-year bond, which Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn, Trump’s top economic adviser, have spoken publicly about in recent weeks. “The timing of all this coming together is unfortunate for Treasury and the decision on debt issuance is going to be sort of a conundrum for them,” said Boris Rjavinski, a strategist at Wells Fargo Securities. According to Barclays, it all means that the Treasury may have to increase the amount of notes and bonds it sells at auction as much as 25 per cent over the next two years. That assumes the share of T-bill supply stays stable and the deficit widens by about $150 billion over that span. Initially, most dealers say the Treasury will issue more bills once the Fed starts its unwind, partly to bolster dwindling supply. As a proportion of US debt, bill supply plunged after the Fed cut interest rates to rock-bottom levels and the government took advantage to lock in long-term funding costs. Bill issuance is “the first port of call,” said George Goncalves, Nomura’s head of fixed-income strategy. “We’re at a point where we don’t have a lot of short-term assets.” But eventually, the government should increase issuance across the board to lengthen the average maturity of its debt, according the Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee. That will likely hit 30-year yields the hardest, TBAC said. According to its analysis, increasing auction supply by $4 billion a month for a year will lift 30-year yields as much as 0.18 percentage point. Long bond yields ended at 2.99 per cent last week. “The biggest pain points off the increased issuance will be on the very long end” as potential buyers are far less diverse, said SocGen’s Rajappa. Deutsche Bank says the Treasury should compensate for the Fed’s unwind by using a barbell approach -- increasing issuance of bills, two- and three-year notes on the short end, and 10- and 30-year bonds on the long end. That will cause a “mild steepening” of long-end yields. Jay Barry, a fixed-income strategist at JPMorgan, sees it differently. While he expects the Treasury will follow TBAC’s recommendation and boost auction sizes across maturities, the fact that the Fed will likely trim back Treasuries and mortgage-backed securities simultaneously means the boost in debt supply will probably have a larger impact on the middle of the curve. That, in turn, will cause yields in that part of the market to disproportionately increase. Jefferies projects the auction size for the five-year Treasury note will rise to $50 billion by fiscal 2022 -- when the CBO expects the deficit to approach $1 trillion -- from $34 billion now. That’s the most among coupon securities. Whatever the case, the stakes are high. In a sign of just how high they are, former Fed Governor Kevin Warsh said this month the central bank -- which has generally refrained from coordinating with the Treasury to maintain its independence -- should do so when it starts trimming its assets. “You’ve probably got a very aggressive fiscal stance by this administration. You’ve got the Federal Reserve looking to unwind its balance sheet,” said Lou Crandall, the chief economist at Wrightson ICAP. As a result, “overall Treasury issuance has to rise a lot in the coming years.” Comments(0)Add Comments How US Fed’s $1.7 trillion treasury play will affect global markets To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read HSBC expects US Fed to hike rates in March Rupee closes up 3 paise ahead of US Fed meet Is US Fed finally ready to show some tough love to equity market? US Fed could end reinvestment policy this year: Fed's Bullard US Fed gets aggressive with its messaging to markets after learning lessons READ MORE ONWells FargoUS FedTreasuriesQuantitative easingICAPglobal marketsDeutsche Bank Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA In conversation with Sundar Pichai State Farm Insurance 5 Reasons You Don't Need to Cook to Eat Healthier Johnny Prime Steakhouse Reviews for MuncheryMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Southwest Monsoon arrives in Andaman & Nicobar Islands: Met India at China's OBOR meet would've weakened its case on POK Salzburg win title again but await Champions League fate From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Get Your Hands On IPOs; $250 Is All You Need. Here's How... MarketWatch 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore BSNL's losses narrow to Rs 4,890 crore in April-Dec Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just 29, this Kanpur-based trader is making a killing on D-St; and how! US Federal Reserve rate hikes to guide gold prices now 15 solid stock ideas for the next three weeks 1,250 multibaggers & counting: Look who gained most in 3 yrs of Modi govt Rupee set to break out of long-term trend line, rise till 61.80 in near term More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebDD vs RCB|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Trade Finance Market Analysis and Industry Research Report to 2022 Detailed analysis of the Global Trade Finance Market helps to understand the various types of Trade Finance products that are currently in use, along with the variants that would gain prominence in the future. This report studies the global Trade Finance market, analyzes and researches the Trade Finance development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like : BNP Paribas , Citigroup , HSBC , JPMorgan Chase , Mitsubishi UFJ Financial , ANZ , Commerzbank, Morgan Stanley , Paragon Financial , Santander , SunTrust Bank , UniCredit and Wells Fargo . Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-trade-finance-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers : United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Application, Trade Finance can be split into : Application 1 Application 2 Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/199719 . Company (Top Players) Profiles 1 BNP Paribas 1.1 Company Profile 1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 1.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 1.5 Recent Developments 2 Citigroup 2.1 Company Profile 2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 2.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 2.5 Recent Developments 3 HSBC 3.1 Company Profile 3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5 Recent Developments 4 JPMorgan Chase 4.1 Company Profile 4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 4.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 4.5 Recent Developments 5 Mitsubishi UFJ Financial 5.1 Company Profile 5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 5.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 5.5 Recent Developments 6 ANZ 6.1 Company Profile 6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 6.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 6.5 Recent Developments 7 Commerzbank 7.1 Company Profile 7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 7.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 7.5 Recent Developments 8 Morgan Stanley 8.1 Company Profile 8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 8.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 8.5 Recent Developments 9 Paragon Financial 9.1 Company Profile 9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 9.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 9.5 Recent Developments 10 Santander 10.1 Company Profile 10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 10.4 Trade Finance Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 10.5 Recent Developments 11 SunTrust Bank 12 UniCredit 13 Wells Fargo Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/199719 . About Us:               Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Tagsfinancial services market, global trade finance industry 2017, global trade finance industry 2022, global trade finance market, Orbisresearch, Trade Finance Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Data Center Security Industry Analysis and Forecasts in Market Research Report 2022 Next PostNext Financial Services contract win Search Recent Posts Protecting Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Market Marketing Strategy Analysis with Chain and Sourcing Strategy upto 2022 Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Prostrate Specific Antigen Testing Sales Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Wi-Fi Test Equipment Market | Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases April 2017 Monthly Production Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Metro Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) PT Raised to C$19.00 Shawcor Ltd (SCL.A) PT Lowered to C$38.00 Stornoway Diamond Co. (SWY) PT Lowered to C$0.90 Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$10.50 CIBC Boosts Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Price Target to C$2.50 Spin Master Corp (TOY) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Wedbush Weighs in on Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NCLH) ServiceNow Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.20) Per Share (NOW) Brokers Offer Predictions for Stemline Therapeutics Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (STML) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Neenah Paper, Inc. Issued By DA Davidson (NP) Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research US Geothermal Inc (HTM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) to Hold Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Metro Ag (ETR:MEO3) received a €30.50 ($33.15) price target from JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued research reports about the stock. Baader Bank set a €35.00 ($38.04) price target on shares of Metro Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 11th. equinet AG set a €38.00 ($41.30) price target on shares of Metro Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st. Oddo Securities set a €38.00 ($41.30) price target on shares of Metro Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, January 30th. Barclays PLC set a €36.00 ($39.13) price target on shares of Metro Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €37.00 ($40.22) price target on shares of Metro Ag and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 24th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €32.96 ($35.82). Metro Ag (ETR:MEO3) opened at 27.313 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of €8.96 billion and a P/E ratio of 35.750. Metro Ag has a 1-year low of €22.37 and a 1-year high of €29.85. The company has a 50-day moving average price of €26.61 and a 200 day moving average price of €26.71. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co.” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/metro-ag-meo3-pt-set-at-30-50-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About Metro Ag Metro AG is a Germany-based company engaged in the self-service wholesale trade sector. The Company operates through three segments: METRO Cash & Carry, Media-Saturn and Real. The METRO Cash & Carry segment operates in the wholesale business for professional customers, such as hotels and restaurants, catering firms, independent retailers, service providers and public authorities, and comprises the brands METRO and MAKRO. Receive News & Ratings for Metro Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Metro Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Tesoro Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Upgraded to C at TheStreet Innovative Solutions & Support Inc (ISSC) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Given “Buy” Rating at B. Riley $300.22 Million in Sales Expected for MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) This Quarter $9.48 Billion in Sales Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) This Quarter Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD.UN) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Neuroderm’s (NDRM) Hold Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Set Black Hills Corp (BKH) PT at $69.60 Stericycle Inc (SRCL) Receives $87.90 Consensus PT from Brokerages Triton International Limited (TRTN) Receives $30.60 Consensus Target Price from Analysts Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria SA (BBVA) Receives $8.23 Average PT from Brokerages $382.32 Million in Sales Expected for Cubic Co. (CUB) This Quarter Analysts Set QEP Resources Inc (QEP) Target Price at $22.33 Analysts Set PerkinElmer, Inc. (PKI) Target Price at $56.78 Monsanto Company (MON) Receives $118.41 Average Price Target from Brokerages Brokerages Set U.S. Silica Holdings Inc (SLCA) Price Target at $59.71 Baidu Inc (BIDU) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Newfield Exploration (NFX) Stock Price LyondellBasell Industries NV (LYB) Given News Sentiment Score of 0.14 Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Tesoro Co. (NYSE:TSO) was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research note issued to investors on Thursday. TSO has been the subject of several other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Tesoro from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $99.00 price objective for the company in a report on Thursday, February 2nd. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Credit Suisse Group AG increased their target price on shares of Tesoro from $105.00 to $110.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Piper Jaffray Companies set a $102.00 target price on shares of Tesoro and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. Citigroup Inc reissued a “buy” rating and set a $104.00 target price (down from $109.00) on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Saturday, April 22nd. Finally, Scotiabank reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Tesoro in a research note on Wednesday, February 8th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have assigned a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $101.79. Shares of Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) opened at 80.86 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of $9.47 billion, a P/E ratio of 13.48 and a beta of 1.69. Tesoro has a 52-week low of $69.49 and a 52-week high of $93.06. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $80.17 and its 200-day moving average is $83.79. Tesoro (NYSE:TSO) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Monday, May 8th. The oil and gas company reported $0.52 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.36 by $0.16. The business had revenue of $6.64 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.46 billion. Tesoro had a net margin of 2.99% and a return on equity of 9.07%. The business’s revenue was up 30.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $1.19 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Tesoro will post $5.33 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Investors of record on Friday, May 19th will be given a $0.55 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 17th. This represents a $2.20 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.72%. Tesoro’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 35.95%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/tesoro-co-tso-stock-rating-lowered-by-thestreet.html. Several large investors have recently modified their holdings of TSO. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in shares of Tesoro by 2,273.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 8,913,506 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $722,530,000 after buying an additional 8,537,930 shares during the period. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in shares of Tesoro during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $137,830,000. Boston Partners increased its stake in shares of Tesoro by 42.4% in the first quarter. Boston Partners now owns 4,574,824 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $370,835,000 after buying an additional 1,361,943 shares during the period. Artisan Partners Limited Partnership purchased a new stake in shares of Tesoro during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $115,598,000. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Tesoro during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $85,395,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 87.89% of the company’s stock. About Tesoro Tesoro Corporation (Tesoro) is an independent petroleum refining, logistics and marketing company. he Company operates through three segments. The Refining operating segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into transportation fuels, such as gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, jet fuel and diesel fuel, as well as other products, including heavy fuel oils, liquefied petroleum gas and petroleum coke for sale in bulk markets to a range of customers within its markets. Receive News & Ratings for Tesoro Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Tesoro Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS IFC to invest $125m in Mahindra Group Cos Good monsoon to push up demand: Umesh Revankar, MD & CEO, Shriram Transport Finance Gold price: Find all the latest trends and news about Gold Banks in line of fire as RBI scans books Prefer SBI to HDFC Bank or ICICI: Deven Choksey Tata Steel to report Q4 results today; here's what experts say Pakistan not ready to become emerging market: Mark Mobius How additional riders work in an insurance policy Gold advances as dollar edges lower on weak US data Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 11:40 AM | 16 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,430107.40 NIFTY 50 9,46822.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,102110.00 USD/INR 64.110.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW James E Glassman of JPMorgan on why global markets are keeping calm By | Updated: May 15, 2017, 10.04 AM IST Post a Comment " The market has a lot more patience than you might think. We have not really seen the market getting nervous." In a chat with ET Now, James E Glassman, MD, JPMorgan Chase & Co, says inflation is under control and so central banks are in a calm state. Edited excerpts: What is going to dictate the market moves because global as well as emerging markets seem to be getting in a bit of a consolidation/pause mode of late? It is interesting that while geo-politically there is volatility, the markets are pretty calm. Volatility is very low and it is not a mystery why the global economy is doing better and areas that have been on the weak side are picking up. Inflation is under control and so central banks are in a calm state. There is nothing to scare the markets. We have the Fed meeting coming up, Opec affirming production cutbacks and so maybe we will get some stability in oil markets. Nothing imminent is happening on the US political side which has been supporting the equity markets hoping for some more pro growth actions. But there is nothing disappointing yet and there is not a lot of political noise. So it helps the people to figure out where things are going but meanwhile the global economy is doing better. At the end of the day, that is what is driving the markets and why the volatility is so low. One basic reason why US markets have moved the way they have is because markets are anticipating some powerful reforms from the Trump administration and first 100 days so far we have not seen anything powerful or anything which could be called a big ticket reform. I wonder why markets are not getting nervous? Usually when you have political changing of the guard -- that is what happened in the US -- in any democracy, a big change in direction have always happened in the middle of really difficult economic times like a recession. The one thing that is different today is that the US economy is not in recession, it has actually recovered and that is why the central bank is talking about taking away interest rate accommodation. That means there is no immediate crisis to deal with. The real challenges are more structural and that is why the debate about healthcare reform, tax reform, and infrastructure spending are all focused on longer term issues. You are right there has been no sign of movement and some of these other issues that we are seeing, the peripheral issues are getting in the way but the market has a fair amount of tolerance. The people realise the political process is complicated and it is going to take time. There was a failure in the first attempt to try to get healthcare dealt with. The market has a lot more patience than you might think. We have not really seen the market getting nervous about these types of things and it might be that that rather than a specific initiative that we need, we just get a sense in the market that Washington has turned more pro growth whether it is referring to regulatory issues that the president has some control over and these other issues they keep telling us is going to happen, Though we know it is not imminent, as long as we have a belief that this might happen over the course of the next year or so, that will support the market. Comments(0)Add Comments James E Glassman of JPMorgan on why global markets are keeping calm To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read JPMorgan to move hundreds of jobs from London due to Brexit India’s outperformance testament to reforms: Brijen Puri, JPMorgan, India Bullish on three themes to invest in next 1 year: Bharat Iyer, JPMorgan Dropbox said to secure $600 million credit line led by JPMorgan READ MORE ONvolatilityRecessionmarketsMarketJPMorganJames E GlassmanInflation Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & DynamicMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Mahindra Finance April-June net at Rs 107 crore 7 thrifty habits you can learn from the rich From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Get Your Hands On IPOs; $250 Is All You Need. Here's How... MarketWatch Playtime can inspire creativity with 5 FREE digital stories. PNC 10 Habits of Successful Students Arizona State University 5 Things Car Salesmen Don't Want You To Know Women's Article 'BUY' or 'SELL' ideas from experts for Tuesday, 16 May 2017 Top stocks in focus on Tuesday, 16 May 2017 Harish Salve charged Re 1 for fighting Jadhav's case: Swaraj The Latest: Trump says FBI director search 'moving rapidly' Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Just 29, this Kanpur-based trader is making a killing on D-St; and how! US Federal Reserve rate hikes to guide gold prices now 15 solid stock ideas for the next three weeks 1,250 multibaggers & counting: Look who gained most in 3 yrs of Modi govt Rupee set to break out of long-term trend line, rise till 61.80 in near term More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebDD vs RCB|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins One Houston native out, another still on 'Dancing' Redeveloping San Jacinto Mall proves to be a puzzle Photos show alleged prison tunnel near Texas border Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Ravages of meth extend beyond legal woes Magnolia man charged with murder after road rage incident Man accused of running over girlfriend outside Houston shopping Major wreck shuts down Southwest Freeway US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Kayaker paddles for his life as alligator chases him down in Class of 2017 commencement speakers Lost at the airport: Leave it behind and someone may buy it Report: $100 million lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's second wife Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins Manchester City, Manchester United to bring rivalry to Houston Jalen Rose critical of James Harden's on-court demeanor, Astros' Charlie Morton searching for answers to late-start woes Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Discount trend could destabilize some small private colleges if Business groups lay out plans to boost tech Developer plans three new warehouses in Missouri City The fracking boom spurs a baby boomlet A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Houston's Simone Biles goes home but Normani Kordei is still Rapper Drake chaperones his cousin and her date to Memphis prom Scientists discover timing could have saved dinosaurs from First look: The Ivy & James Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Upcoming Houston wine events King's BierHaus in the Heights is ready to host good times Marriott Marquis transforms into the Las Vegas Strip for the Farewell to longtime columnist Ken Hoffman Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/houston/article/Reports-Houston-woman-accursed-of-bank-robberies-11145569.php Houston woman accused of bank robbery By Lindsay Ellis Published 8:36 pm, Sunday, May 14, 2017 Photo: Frank Franklin II, STF Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - This Sept. 13, 2014, file photo, shows the Chase bank logo in New York. On Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, JPMorgan Chase & Co., agreed to pay $264.4 million in fines to federal authorities to settle charges that it hired friends and relatives of Chinese officials in order to gain access to banking deals in that country. (AP Photo/Frank Franklin II, File) less FILE - This Sept. 13, 2014, file photo, shows the Chase bank logo in New York. On Thursday, Nov. 17, 2016, JPMorgan Chase & Co., agreed to pay $264.4 million in fines to federal authorities to settle charges ... more Photo: Frank Franklin II, STF Houston woman accused of bank robbery 1 / 1 Back to Gallery A Houston woman was charged with robbing a local J.P. Morgan Chase Bank bank on Thursday. Brittney Alexander, 22 years old, allegedly played a role in at least one of a string of robberies that have stumped FBI investigators, according to police. She is being held on $10,000 bail. Alexander and an unknown woman allegedly took $1,000 from a Chase Bank on May 1 after the unknown woman passed the teller a note that said: "This is a robbery. I have a gun. Give me all the money and nobody will get hurt! Put it in an envelope." Houston Police Department officer J.L. Bruzas received a Crime Stoppers tip that named Alexander as one woman involved in the incident, according to filings. Her photo was confirmed by the teller and a witness.  The FBI said that this robbery was part of a string around Houston from Chase banks.  Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins One Houston native out, another still on 'Dancing' Redeveloping San Jacinto Mall proves to be a puzzle Photos show alleged prison tunnel near Texas border The Lead Texans new QB gets in a very J.J. Watt way 'Mentoring' teacher allegedly had sex with student Farewell to longtime columnist Ken Hoffman Video: Houston rapper Travis Scott allegedly incited a riot Aryan Brotherhood member pleads guilty to role in death Why Yoda may return for 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' Former Texas governor provides DNA, joins big data initiative Texas family sues T-Mobile after baby dies during 911 call Killing of 15-year-old girl was filmed by MS-13 Influential UFO website goes dormant MORE HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Equipment failure cuts power to east Texas cities Bill addressing student-teacher relationships sent to governor Pastor injured in fatal blaze released from hospital Cosplay characters show off at Houston's Comicpalooza Look back at 9 years of Comicpalooza in Houston Ranking 2017 movies from worst to first The best photo backdrops in the Houston area Houston street art fan shows off the area's artwork Find a Texas food festival that serves your favorite College football teams that bring in the most money Aggies' three-way quarterback race could last Fort Bend ISD sends 130 to college athletics Most Read 1 Drama teacher allegedly caught 'performing sex act on... 2 Scientists identify 50-foot creature that washed up on an... 3 Cosplay characters cause commotion at Houston's Comicpalooza 4 Redeveloping San Jacinto Mall proves to be a puzzle 5 Texans new QB gets hazed at JJ Watt's charity softball game 6 At this church, loving thy neighbor may have been taken literally 7 Texas Medical Board suspends Woodlands doctor's license for... 8 Popular UFO Sightings Daily website to go dormant 9 Astros get huge lift from Yuli Gurriel in win over Marlins 10 Farewell to longtime columnist Ken Hoffman View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Commodities Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Source : Last Updated: Wed, May 10, 2017 09:42 hrs By Saikat Chatterjee HONG KONG (Reuters) - Asian stocks edged higher for a third consecutive day on Wednesday as investors focused on strong corporate earnings and the dollar gave back some of its recent gains after a rise in political tensions. U.S. President Donald Trump's abrupt dismissal of FBI Director James Comey prompted some unwinding of risky bets in early Asian trading but strategists said investors were cheered by a strong slate of corporate earnings, reflecting the cyclical rebound in the first quarter of 2017 was still in place. "Markets are setting aside the many policy changes seen from the Trump administration and focusing on the improvement in corporate performance and that should support sentiment," said Tai Hui, chief Asia market strategist at JPMorgan Asset Management in Hong Kong. With results in for the majority of the companies on the S&P 500, estimated Q1 earnings growth is now at 14.5 percent, highest since Q3 of 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows with roughly 75 pct of companies are beating analysts' expectations. That has helped Asia as well, with 12-month forward earnings per share for the MSCI index of Asia-Pacific shares outside Japan rising to its highest level in more than three years. "Strong corporate earnings are supporting risk sentiment in the Asian equity markets,” said Fan Cheuk Wan, head of investment strategy and advisory at HSBC Private Banking. MSCI's Asia ex Japan index was flat after posting modest gains in the previous session. It hit a two-year high last week. Korean stocks led losers as investors took profits after South Korea's liberal leader Moon Jae-in was elected president while losses in Australia's big banks weighed on the broader market after the government levied taxes on the lenders to help balance the budget. and Markets were also relieved when U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross signalled the Trump administration would attempt to use existing tools to aggressively enforce trade rules and insist on fairer treatment for U.S. goods, rather than adopt the slash-and-burn approach Trump promoted on the campaign trail in 2016. In currencies, the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of six major currencies, slipped 0.2 percent to 99.424, moving away from a three-week high of 99.688. Rising U.S. yields propped up the dollar to its strongest level against the Japanese yen in two months at 114.32 in the previous session but it gave back some of those gains after Trump fired FBI Director Comey in a move that shocked Washington. It was last changing hands at 113.76 per dollar, while yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury notes were lurking near their highest levels since end-March at 2.39 percent. But some market analysts pointed out with market volatility indicators hitting record lows -- the VIX indicator fell overnight to 9.56, its lowest since late 2006 -- the likelihood of a large move in financial markets has grown. "Geopolitics and the divergence of policy have not gone away," Marc Chandler, global head of FX strategy wrote in a daily note. "It is a reminder that we are often lulled into complacency just before being shocked by how treacherous things really are." Fed funds futures pricing showed investors almost universally expect the Federal Reserve to raise U.S. overnight interest rates at its next meeting, with close to a 90 percent perceived chance of an increase next month. Brent crude futures rose more than 0.5 percent to $49.03 per barrel after Reuters reported Saudi Arabia would cut supplies to the Asia region to maintain supply to meet rising domestic demand for power during the summer months. OPEC is battling against rising U.S. output that is threatening to derail its attempts to end a sustained global glut in crude. Gold advanced modestly to $1221.90 ounce, breaking a two-week long losing streak. (Reporting by Saikat Chatterjee; Editing by Eric Meijer) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 27000.00 (-0.07%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 27610.00 (-0.11%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 27300.00 (-0.73%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 27530.00 (0.11%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 26800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 26600.00 (0.19%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 27020.00 (-0.04%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 37710.00 (-7.35%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Reiterates €86.00 Price Target for HeidelbergCement AG (HEI) Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €21.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €59.80 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) Barclays PLC Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for ING Groep NV (INGA) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €15.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Increased by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €17.00 by Macquarie BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Reduced by Analyst Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Alcoa Corp (AA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Raises WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target to C$55.00 Royal Bank of Canada Trims Tmx Group Limited (X) Target Price to C$78.00 TD Securities Boosts Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $1,224,000 Stake in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €21.00 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) has been assigned a €21.00 ($23.08) target price by equities researchers at Morgan Stanley in a report issued on Friday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. VIV has been the subject of several other reports. S&P Global set a €20.00 ($21.98) price target on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, February 24th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €22.00 ($24.18) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, March 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €22.40 ($24.62) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th. BNP Paribas set a €21.00 ($23.08) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.00 ($20.88) price objective on Vivendi SA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of €20.29 ($22.30). Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 19.25 on Friday. The company has a 50 day moving average price of €18.18 and a 200-day moving average price of €17.82. Vivendi SA has a 52 week low of €14.87 and a 52 week high of €20.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/vivendi-sa-viv-given-a-21-00-price-target-by-morgan-stanley-analysts.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Axa SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €59.80 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) Barclays PLC Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for ING Groep NV (INGA) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €15.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Increased by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €17.00 by Macquarie BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Reduced by Analyst Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Alcoa Corp (AA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Raises WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target to C$55.00 Royal Bank of Canada Trims Tmx Group Limited (X) Target Price to C$78.00 TD Securities Boosts Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $1,224,000 Stake in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Position Increased by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Stake Reduced by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Kepler Capital Markets set a €27.70 ($30.44) price target on Axa SA (EPA:CS) in a research note released on Thursday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also issued reports on CS. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Friday, January 27th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €25.20 ($27.69) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €24.80 ($27.25) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. BNP Paribas set a €24.00 ($26.37) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. Finally, HSBC Holdings plc set a €23.70 ($26.04) target price on Axa SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €25.12 ($27.61). Axa SA (EPA:CS) opened at 24.40 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average of €24.10 and a 200-day moving average of €23.28. Axa SA has a 52 week low of €16.11 and a 52 week high of €25.80. WARNING: “Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/kepler-capital-markets-reiterates-27-70-price-target-for-axa-sa-cs.html. Axa SA Company Profile AXA SA (AXA) is a holding company engaged in the business of financial protection. The Company’s segments include Life & Savings, Property & Casualty, International Insurance, Asset Management, Banking and Holding companies. The Life & Savings segment’s products include a range of investment and savings products, as well as Protection and Health products. Receive News & Ratings for Axa SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Axa SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Sanofi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €59.80 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) Barclays PLC Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for ING Groep NV (INGA) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €15.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Increased by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €17.00 by Macquarie BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Reduced by Analyst Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Alcoa Corp (AA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Raises WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target to C$55.00 Royal Bank of Canada Trims Tmx Group Limited (X) Target Price to C$78.00 TD Securities Boosts Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $1,224,000 Stake in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Position Increased by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Stake Reduced by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Berenberg Bank set a €97.00 ($106.59) price objective on Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) in a research note published on Thursday. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the stock. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €87.00 ($95.60) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a neutral rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. Morgan Stanley set a €91.00 ($100.00) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €96.00 ($105.49) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, April 11th. HSBC Holdings plc set a €77.00 ($84.62) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a sell rating in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Societe Generale set a €100.00 ($109.89) price objective on shares of Sanofi SA and gave the stock a buy rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Sanofi SA presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €86.44 ($94.99). Sanofi SA (EPA:SAN) opened at 90.01 on Thursday. The firm’s market capitalization is €113.40 billion. The company’s 50-day moving average is €25.48 and its 200-day moving average is €25.74. Sanofi SA has a 52-week low of €62.50 and a 52-week high of €92.97. WARNING: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/berenberg-bank-reiterates-97-00-price-target-for-sanofi-sa-san.html. Sanofi SA Company Profile Sanofi is a healthcare company, focused on patient needs and engaged in the research, development, manufacture and marketing of therapeutic solutions. The Company’s segments are Pharmaceuticals, Human Vaccines (Vaccines), and Other. The Pharmaceuticals segment comprises the commercial operations of various franchises, including Speciality Care (Rare Diseases, Multiple Sclerosis, and Oncology), Diabetes and Cardiovascular, Established Prescription Products, Consumer Healthcare and Generics, and research and development, production and marketing activities for all of the Company’s pharmaceuticals operations. Receive News & Ratings for Sanofi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Sanofi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Vivendi SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €59.80 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) Barclays PLC Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for ING Groep NV (INGA) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €15.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Increased by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €17.00 by Macquarie BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Reduced by Analyst Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Alcoa Corp (AA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Raises WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target to C$55.00 Royal Bank of Canada Trims Tmx Group Limited (X) Target Price to C$78.00 TD Securities Boosts Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $1,224,000 Stake in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Position Increased by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Stake Reduced by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) received a €22.00 ($24.18) price target from Deutsche Bank AG in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Several other research analysts also recently commented on the stock. BNP Paribas set a €22.00 ($24.18) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €23.30 ($25.60) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. Morgan Stanley set a €20.00 ($21.98) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 24th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €19.00 ($20.88) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG set a €15.20 ($16.70) target price on shares of Vivendi SA and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Vivendi SA presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €20.29 ($22.30). Shares of Vivendi SA (EPA:VIV) opened at 19.25 on Friday. Vivendi SA has a 52-week low of €14.87 and a 52-week high of €20.09. The stock’s 50 day moving average is €18.18 and its 200 day moving average is €17.82. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts” was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/vivendi-sa-viv-given-a-22-00-price-target-by-deutsche-bank-ag-analysts.html. Vivendi SA Company Profile Vivendi SA is engaged in media and content businesses. The Company operates businesses throughout the media value chain, from talent discovery to the creation, production and distribution of content. Its segments include Universal Music Group, Canal+ Group, Gameloft, Vivendi Village, New Initiatives and Corporate. Receive News & Ratings for Vivendi SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Vivendi SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Renault SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target Societe Generale SA (GLE) Given a €59.80 Price Target by Morgan Stanley Analysts Vivendi SA (VIV) Given a €22.00 Price Target by Deutsche Bank AG Analysts Berenberg Bank Reiterates €97.00 Price Target for Sanofi SA (SAN) Kepler Capital Markets Reiterates “€27.70” Price Target for Axa SA (CS) Barclays PLC Reiterates €18.00 Price Target for ING Groep NV (INGA) Morgan Stanley Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €15.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Increased by Analyst ING Groep NV (INGA) PT Set at €17.00 by Macquarie BNP Paribas Analysts Give ING Groep NV (INGA) a €16.00 Price Target Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Wolverine World Wide, Inc. (WWW) Reduced by Analyst Everspin Technologies Inc (MRAM) Sets New 12-Month High After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Alcoa Corp (AA) Sees Large Increase in Short Interest Royal Bank of Canada Raises WSP Global Inc (WSP) Price Target to C$55.00 Royal Bank of Canada Trims Tmx Group Limited (X) Target Price to C$78.00 TD Securities Boosts Sleep Country Canada Holdings Inc (ZZZ) Price Target to C$44.00 Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Has $1,224,000 Stake in LeMaitre Vascular Inc (LMAT) Cabot Microelectronics Co. (CCMP) Shares Bought by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Brooks Automation, Inc (BRKS) Position Increased by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Cenovus Energy Inc (CVE) Stake Reduced by Hillsdale Investment Management Inc. Barclays PLC Analysts Give Renault SA (RNO) a €110.00 Price Target May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €110.00 ($120.88) price target on Renault SA (EPA:RNO) in a research note released on Wednesday. The brokerage currently has a buy rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently commented on RNO. Jefferies Group LLC set a €85.00 ($93.41) price objective on Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €100.00 ($109.89) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, April 26th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €89.00 ($97.80) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Monday, February 6th. S&P Global Inc set a €91.00 ($100.00) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG set a €115.00 ($126.37) target price on shares of Renault SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of €92.65 ($101.81). Renault SA (EPA:RNO) opened at 88.74 on Wednesday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €82.14 and its 200 day moving average price is €82.15. Renault SA has a 52-week low of €63.64 and a 52-week high of €90.76. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/barclays-plc-analysts-give-renault-sa-rno-a-110-00-price-target.html. Renault SA Company Profile Renault SA is a France based company primarily engaged in the manufacture of automobiles and the provision of related services. It is structured into two segments: the Automobile division, which handles the design, manufacture and marketing of passenger cars and light commercial vehicles, under Renault, Renault Samsung Motors and Dacia brands, and the Sales Financing division, which provides financial and commercial services related to the sales activities, and is comprised of RCI Banque and its subsidiaries. Receive News & Ratings for Renault SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Renault SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Opinion Last Modified: Tue, May 16 2017. 09 58 AM IST Cyber attacks are certain, cyber security business is not Even as cyber attacks become more prevalent and damaging, they haven’t been a universal triumph for the cyber security industry Subscribe to our newsletter. Shira Ovide WannaCry digital extortion attack crippled hundreds of thousands computers worldwide. Photo: AFP New York: It’s now clear that cyber attacks are a fact of life for corporations and governments. What’s less clear are the winners and losers among companies focused on stopping the digital break-ins. News about the WannaCry digital extortion attack that crippled hundreds of thousands computers worldwide caused predictable stock market euphoria on Monday. As tends to happen when there is a highly public cyber attack, share prices of cyber security technology specialists such as Palo Alto Networks, Proofpoint and Fortinet climbed. Many prominent digital attacks—such as those on Target, J.P. Morgan Chase and Sony’s movie studio—lift hopes of ringing cash registers at tech companies that make money from companies’ fear they’ll be the next victim. But even as computer attacks become more prevalent and damaging, they haven’t been a universal triumph for the cyber security industry. It is true that corporate executives, boards of directors and governments are taking digital threats seriously . Research firm IDC expects spending on information-technology security to increase 8.7% each year through 2020 to nearly $105 billion, nearly three times the forecasted growth rate of all corporate and government technology spending. In a recent Morgan Stanley survey of big company information technology executives, digital security software was cited as the top 2017 spending priority by the second-highest number of respondents, trailing cloud computing technology. But there are no sure bets in the cyber world. Securing companies from computer intrusions is growing more competitive. A glut of options from old-guard tech companies such as Cisco and from money-rich Silicon Valley start-ups is making it harder for all cybersecurity technology to stand out to prospective customers. The industry didn’t do itself any favours, either. It has grown difficult to tell which companies are selling effective security safeguards and which ones are overpromising. As a result, valuations of many onetime cyber security highfliers have come back from the stratosphere as investors started to rethink their indiscriminate bets. The First Trust Nasdaq cybersecurity ETF, composed of companies such as Cisco, Palo Alto Networks and Check Point Software, has underperformed the S&P 500 stock index. The security ETF has risen 11% since its inception two years ago while the S&P 500 has climbed 15% over the same period. It’s understandable for fretful companies to hunt for technology silver bullets to protect themselves from digital bad guys. But companies’ fear of hackers doesn’t erase the insecurity for the cyber security business. Bloomberg Shira Ovide Topics: Cyber attacks cyber security WannaCry Ransomware attack Digital extortion More From Livemint READ MORE Did Snapdeal abandon group buying model too early? Glenmark anti-myeloma drug gets clinical trial nod from USFDA Global gold prices rise for fourth day as dollar eases on weak US data First Published: Tue, May 16 2017. 09 58 AM IST Editor's Picks CBI raids 14 properties of P. Chidambaram, son Karti in Chennai How India Eats: The class structure of food consumption in India Can Practo take the next big leap forward? Latest News Global gold prices rise for fourth day as dollar eases on weak US data Mark Mobius says Pakistan not ready to become emerging market Triple talaq a matter of faith for last 1,400 years, AIMPLB to SC Nokia 3310 to start selling in India from 18 May Ransomware attack again thrusts NSA into unwanted spotlight Mint On Sunday The amazing adventures of Dadasaheb Phalke Naxals and their international counterparts Between a mercenary and a missionary A bra that fits? Letter from... Thrissur Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Clearside Biomedical Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Buckingham Asset Management LLC Purchases New Stake in Aqua America Inc (WTR) Hutchinson Capital Management CA Acquires 9,020 Shares of Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Beddow Capital Management Inc. Has $2.444 Million Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Popular Inc (BPOP) Stake Raised by Stevens Capital Management LP 75,428 Shares in Microsemi Co. (MSCC) Acquired by Stevens Capital Management LP Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Buys 1,758 Shares of Life Storage Inc (LSI) Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Boosts Position in OGE Energy Corp. (OGE) Garmin Ltd. (GRMN) Shares Bought by Segment Wealth Management LLC Federal Realty Investment Trust (FRT) Shares Bought by Stevens Capital Management LP Analysts Set Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Price Target at $18.00 Belden Inc. (BDC) Receives $80.83 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Target Price at $45.88 Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Receives $15.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Buys 1,494 Shares of Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $5.846 Million Position in VCA Inc (WOOF) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Sells 2,579 Shares of RPM International Inc. (RPM) Jackson Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Raises Stake in Premier Inc (PINC) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Raises Position in Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) Clearside Biomedical Inc (CLSD) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Clearside Biomedical Inc (NASDAQ:CLSD) was upgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note issued on Monday. According to Zacks, “Clearside Biomedical, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company is engaged in developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye using Clearside proprietary suprachoroidal space(TM) microinjector. Its products include CLS-1001 for the treatment of macular edema associated with non-infectious uveitis; CLS-1003 for the treatment of macular edema associated with retinal vein occlusion; and CLS-1002 program for the treatment of wet age-related macular degeneration. Clearside Biomedical, Inc. is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia. “ CLSD has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Friday, February 24th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $19.00 price objective on the stock. Wedbush restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $28.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Needham & Company LLC reduced their price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical to $18.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Cowen and Company restated a “buy” rating and issued a $15.00 price objective on shares of Clearside Biomedical in a report on Thursday. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. Clearside Biomedical has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $20.67. Shares of Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) traded down 2.56% during trading on Monday, reaching $8.75. 111,737 shares of the company were exchanged. The stock’s market capitalization is $221.37 million. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $7.82 and a 200-day moving average price of $10.45. Clearside Biomedical has a 1-year low of $5.44 and a 1-year high of $25.08. Clearside Biomedical (NASDAQ:CLSD) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 10th. The company reported ($0.41) earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.44) by $0.03. The firm had revenue of $0.01 million during the quarter. Equities research analysts predict that Clearside Biomedical will post ($1.78) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This story was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/clearside-biomedical-inc-clsd-upgraded-to-hold-by-zacks-investment-research.html. In related news, Director Clay Thorp sold 27,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction on Wednesday, February 22nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $203,850.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, insider Daniel H. White sold 8,000 shares of Clearside Biomedical stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $7.55, for a total transaction of $60,400.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 527,217 shares in the company, valued at $3,980,488.35. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 283,510 shares of company stock worth $2,062,895 over the last quarter. A number of large investors have recently made changes to their positions in CLSD. FMR LLC raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 377.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 1,029,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,205,000 after buying an additional 813,889 shares in the last quarter. Perceptive Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $6,365,000. Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the third quarter valued at approximately $10,410,000. Wellington Management Group LLP raised its stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical by 31.6% in the first quarter. Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 2,164,703 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,187,000 after buying an additional 520,403 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Orbimed Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Clearside Biomedical during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $2,682,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 33.52% of the company’s stock. About Clearside Biomedical Clearside Biomedical, Inc is a clinical biopharmaceutical company developing first-in-class drug therapies to treat blinding diseases of the eye. The Company’s product candidates focus on diseases affecting the retina, which is the tissue that lines the inside of the eye and is primarily responsible for vision, and the choroid, which is the layer adjacent to the retina that supplies the retina with blood, oxygen and nourishment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Clearside Biomedical (CLSD) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Clearside Biomedical Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Belden Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Analysts Set Apollo Commercial Real Est. Finance Inc (ARI) Price Target at $18.00 Belden Inc. (BDC) Receives $80.83 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set Xcel Energy Inc (XEL) Target Price at $45.88 Ladder Capital Corp (LADR) Receives $15.00 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Buys 1,494 Shares of Leidos Holdings, Inc. (LDOS) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Has $5.846 Million Position in VCA Inc (WOOF) Mutual of America Capital Management LLC Sells 2,579 Shares of RPM International Inc. (RPM) Jackson Wealth Management LLC Takes Position in JetBlue Airways Co. (JBLU) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Raises Stake in Premier Inc (PINC) State of Wisconsin Investment Board Raises Position in Diamondback Energy Inc (FANG) FCB Financial Holdings Inc (FCB) Insider Les J. Lieberman Sells 15,737 Shares Altisource Portfolio Solutions S.A. (ASPS) Major Shareholder Deer Park Road Management Comp Buys 55,000 Shares of Stock Autoliv Inc. (ALV) VP Svante Mogefors Sells 6,738 Shares of Stock Morgan Stanley India Investment Fund Inc (IIF) Major Shareholder City Of London Investment Grou Sells 19,110 Shares Ultratech, Inc. (UTEK) Insider Dave Ghosh Sells 21,780 Shares Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Shares Sold by State of Wisconsin Investment Board State of Wisconsin Investment Board Sells 7,782 Shares of Panera Bread Co (PNRA) Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Takes Position in Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Purchases 1,074 Shares of China Mobile Ltd. (CHL) Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Has $1.668 Million Position in Fair Isaac Co. (FICO) Belden Inc. (BDC) Receives $80.83 Average Target Price from Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Belden Inc. (NYSE:BDC) have received a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight research firms that are covering the firm. Four analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating on the company. The average 1-year price target among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $80.83. Several equities analysts recently issued reports on the company. Drexel Hamilton assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Belden from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Monday, February 13th. They issued a “neutral” rating and a $76.00 price objective for the company. Finally, Seaport Global Securities assumed coverage on Belden in a research report on Thursday, March 2nd. They issued a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/belden-inc-bdc-receives-80-83-average-target-price-from-analysts.html. In other Belden news, EVP Glenn Pennycook sold 6,306 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $72.86, for a total value of $459,455.16. Following the sale, the executive vice president now owns 18,343 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,336,470.98. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Insiders own 1.37% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. RMB Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Belden by 0.3% in the first quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 17,234 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,192,000 after buying an additional 60 shares during the last quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan boosted its stake in Belden by 0.6% in the first quarter. State Treasurer State of Michigan now owns 17,100 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,183,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the last quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC boosted its stake in Belden by 5.3% in the first quarter. Greenwood Capital Associates LLC now owns 2,975 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 149 shares during the last quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc boosted its stake in Belden by 3.1% in the first quarter. Advantus Capital Management Inc now owns 5,401 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $374,000 after buying an additional 164 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in Belden by 1.0% in the first quarter. Liberty Mutual Group Asset Management Inc. now owns 19,132 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $1,324,000 after buying an additional 181 shares during the last quarter. Belden (NYSE:BDC) traded up 0.20% during trading on Friday, hitting $71.46. 215,638 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $3.02 billion, a P/E ratio of 26.88 and a beta of 2.24. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $69.04 and its 200 day moving average is $72.21. Belden has a 52 week low of $54.97 and a 52 week high of $81.33. Belden (NYSE:BDC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.92 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.89 by $0.03. Belden had a return on equity of 20.29% and a net margin of 5.43%. The business had revenue of $551.40 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $551.14 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.01 EPS. Belden’s quarterly revenue was up 1.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts forecast that Belden will post $5.10 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. Belden Company Profile Belden Inc is a signal transmission solutions provider company. The Company operates through five segment: Broadcast Solutions (Broadcast), Enterprise Connectivity Solutions (Enterprise), Industrial Connectivity Solutions (Industrial Connectivity), Industrial IT Solutions (Industrial IT), and Network Security Solutions (Network Security). Receive News & Ratings for Belden Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Belden Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Editas Medicine Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News VOXX International Corp (VOXX) Announces Quarterly Earnings Results Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC Acquires 1,731 Shares of Empire State Realty Trust Inc (ESRT) Macquarie Infrastructure Corp (MIC) Shares Bought by CIBC World Markets Inc. CIBC World Markets Inc. Buys New Stake in Align Technology, Inc. (ALGN) State of Tennessee Treasury Department Has $6,562,000 Position in MarketAxess Holdings Inc. (MKTX) Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Insider Liam Griffin Sells 18,250 Shares of Stock Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) CEO Jeffrey A. Wilke Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Analysts Expect ContraFect Corp (CFRX) Will Announce Earnings of -$0.16 Per Share Brokerages Set Papa John's Int'l, Inc. (PZZA) PT at $85.57 Axis Capital Holdings Limited (AXS) Receives $64.50 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Analysts Set Merck KGaA (MRK) Price Target at $108.95 Pacira Pharmaceuticals (PCRX) – Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates Zweig DiMenna Associates LLC Buys New Position in Curtiss-Wright Corp. (CW) Jaffetilchin Investment Partners LLC Buys New Position in Torchmark Co. (TMK) Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Shares Sold by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. 182,168 Shares in USG Co. (USG) Acquired by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Takes Position in Kennametal Inc. (KMT) Basic Energy Services, Inc. (BAS) Shares Bought by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Jones Lang LaSalle Inc (JLL) Position Decreased by Pioneer Investment Management Inc. Editas Medicine Inc (EDIT) Posts Earnings Results, Misses Estimates By $0.14 EPS May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Earnings Articles - Single - Finance Tweet Editas Medicine Inc (NASDAQ:EDIT) posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday. The company reported ($0.85) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of ($0.71) by $0.14. Editas Medicine had a negative net margin of 1,184.46% and a negative return on equity of 59.22%. The firm had revenue of $0.68 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1 million. During the same period last year, the company earned ($0.80) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 16.0% on a year-over-year basis. Editas Medicine (NASDAQ:EDIT) traded up 3.73% during trading on Monday, hitting $20.01. 912,410 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s market capitalization is $717.16 million. The company has a 50-day moving average of $20.09 and a 200-day moving average of $18.74. Editas Medicine has a 12 month low of $12.43 and a 12 month high of $38.25. Several analysts have recently weighed in on EDIT shares. Chardan Capital started coverage on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Monday, March 27th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Sunday, February 19th. Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Wednesday, March 15th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Editas Medicine from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $35.00 price target on shares of Editas Medicine in a research note on Wednesday, February 15th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $27.79. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/editas-medicine-inc-edit-posts-earnings-results-misses-estimates-by-0-14-eps.html. In related news, CFO Andrew A. F. Hack sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $19.20, for a total value of $57,600.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 3,000 shares in the company, valued at $57,600. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, COO Alexandra Glucksmann sold 1,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.41, for a total transaction of $26,410.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 118,788 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $3,137,191.08. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 10,000 shares of company stock valued at $207,490. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in Editas Medicine by 72.2% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 5,936 shares of the company’s stock worth $133,000 after buying an additional 2,489 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in Editas Medicine by 8.4% in the first quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 42,150 shares of the company’s stock worth $941,000 after buying an additional 3,249 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its stake in Editas Medicine by 34.5% in the first quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 14,727 shares of the company’s stock worth $329,000 after buying an additional 3,779 shares during the last quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Editas Medicine by 4.7% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 119,376 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,664,000 after buying an additional 5,397 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Editas Medicine by 47.0% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,935,173 shares of the company’s stock worth $43,193,000 after buying an additional 618,789 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 60.89% of the company’s stock. Editas Medicine Company Profile Editas Medicine, Inc is a genome editing company. It is engaged in treating patients with genetically defined diseases by correcting their disease-causing genes. It operates through developing and commercializing genome editing technology segment. It is developing a genome editing platform based on clustered, regularly interspaced short palindromic repeats (CRISPR) technology. Receive News & Ratings for Editas Medicine Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Editas Medicine Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting Diana Farrell and Karen Persichilli Keogh, JPMorgan Chase May 15, 2017, 4:18 PM 2,098 facebook linkedin twitter email print Muhammad Hamed/Reuters It’s an interesting time to be a woman. For the first time, a woman secured the backing of a major political party as a presidential nominee in 2016. There are more women serving in the U.S. Senate than ever before. Young women have outpaced young men in postsecondary enrollment and educational attainment. And as more women pursue higher education, they are likely to earn more than past generations, with many able to potentially achieve greater financial independence.  It feels like there is great momentum and, yet, it’s important to put it all in perspective. Today, the gender wage gap receives significant attention, with women earning 77 cents or less on the dollar as compared to men. But even more disconcerting is the gender wealth gap defined as the discrepancies in net worth between men and women. And the statistics are staggering. White women own only 32 cents for every dollar owned by their male counterparts, while women of color own even less, averaging only pennies on the dollar compared to white men. The median net worth for African-American women in 2013 was $200 and half that – a staggering $100 – for Latina women in the United States. By definition, wealth is the difference between an individual’s assets and liabilities. But the concept of wealth is so much more. Wealth is the ability to pay for an emergency or other unexpected expense, the freedom to buy a home or pursue higher education, the security of saving for retirement. In short, wealth is stability and opportunity. Women suffer direct, negative consequences of lower net worth. They have less of a safety net, and are more financially vulnerable. It’s not surprising, then, that women are 80 percent more likely than men to live in poverty after retirement, according to the National Institute on Retirement Security. To help shine a spotlight on the gender wealth gap, and better understand some of its drivers, the JPMorgan Chase Institute examined the impact of extraordinary medical payments on the long-term financial well being of more than 210,000 de-identified Chase checking account holders. According to our findings, women are in a worse financial position than men prior to paying an extraordinary medical bill, and have a harder time regaining their financial footing after they pay it. Every year roughly 16 percent of American families make an unusually large medical payment, one that represents more than 1 percent of annual income and is at least $400. We found that women are more likely than men to postpone paying these larger medical bills until they experience a spike in liquid assets, which has concerning implications. Either women are postponing medical care until they can afford it, which could harm their physical health, or they are receiving the care as required but delaying payment, falling behind on their bills and potentially wreaking havoc on their finances. After paying these medical bills, women struggle more even more than men do to regain their financial footing. Our data indicate that both men and women struggle to recover from unusually large medical payments; twelve months later families experience lower incomes, decreasing liquid assets and increasing revolving credit card debt. However, the financial fallout is far worse for women. One year after an extraordinary medical payment women experience a 14 percent increase in the balance on their revolving credit card debt as compared to a 3 percent increase for men, further widening the gender wealth gap. The impact of medical payments on the financial health of women is but one example of the disparities that exist. And while the gender wealth gap is significant, it is solvable, and we can address it by increasing women’s access to the types of critical opportunities that create economic stability and mobility. For example, we can help women gain the skills to compete for the millions of “middle-skill” jobs that are currently unfilled, like cardiovascular technologists and dental hygienists - good jobs that pay good wages and do not require a college education but are accessible with a high school degree and some post-secondary training.  Further, we can assist female entrepreneurs to secure capital, technical assistance, and the professional networks necessary to launch and grow a small business. Women-owned small businesses are some of the fastest growing in the country, but only 16 percent of conventional small-business loans go to women entrepreneurs. John Moore/Getty Images Additionally, we can work to improve women’s financial health boosting the security of both women and their families. We can increase women’s access to the relevant financial information, products and services that can empower them to better manage daily finances, weather emergencies and other unexpected expenses like medical payments, and meet long-term financial goals such as homeownership or retirement. Finally, we can also help to ensure that women and their families have access to economic opportunities in their communities. By investing in safe housing, supermarkets with healthy food options and affordable childcare centers, we can help to break down some of the biggest barriers to economic mobility facing women. These are important areas where JPMorgan Chase is focusing our efforts. As part of our commitment to cultivating inclusive economic growth, last year we invested $17 million in organizations that are empowering women. But the persistence of the gender wealth gap speaks to the need for more. Please join us in working to level the playing field for women both here and abroad.  Diana Farrell is the founding President and Chief Executive Officer of the JPMorgan Chase Institute. Previously, Diana was the Global Head of the McKinsey Center for Government and the McKinsey Global Institute. She served in the White House as Deputy Director of the National Economic Council and Deputy Assistant to the President on Economic Policy Karen Persichilli Keogh is the Head of Global Philanthropy for JPMorgan Chase & Co., responsible for directing the firm’s overall Corporate Responsibility strategy and philanthropic investments.  She has an extensive background in government and politics with experience on the national, state and local levels. SEE ALSO: There's a need for co-opetition on Wall Street NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... More: JPMorgan gender gap facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting The gender wage gap gets a lot of attention, but another metric is even more disconcerting It’s an interesting time to be a woman. For... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Rachael Levy May 15, 2017, 5:12 PM 4,717 facebook linkedin twitter email print Steve Cohen. Point72 Billionaire Steve Cohen has opened a Palo Alto office to invest in early-stage companies focused on big data and machine learning, and he has hired two people who invested on behalf of the CIA. The two men leading the effort are Daniel Gwak and Sri Chandrasekar, who previously worked at In-Q-Tel, a venture capital firm that is mostly funded by the Central Intelligence Agency. The pair started their new roles on May 1, according to Matthew Granade, Point72's chief market intelligence officer. The new Silicon Valley office is part of Point72 Ventures, Cohen's venture capital unit, which is legally separate from his $11 billion family office, Point72 Asset Management. Both manage Cohen's billions. Cohen launched Point72 Ventures last year, hiring Pete Casella of JPMorgan Chase Strategic Investments to help lead the effort. Point72 Ventures expects to eventually expand its new Palo Alto office and add more staffers, Granade told Business Insider. LinkedIn "Machine learning and AI are playing an ever increasing role in solving problems," Granade said. At In-Q-Tel, the CIA venture capital firm, Gwak and Chandrasekar "had a great vantage point in how these companies were getting started, what was working and not working," he added. Gwak and Chandrasekar didn't respond to requests for comment. At In-Q-Tel, Gwak focused on enterprise analytics and infrastructure companies, and Chandrasekar led an artificial intelligence lab, according to bios provided by Point72.  Their new group is tech-focused, and could involve a range of companies, such as those looking at natural language processing, automating trucks or cars, or synthesizing news. Granade declined to put a figure at how much money the venture arm plans to invest, but said he expected the group to invest in 10 to 20 companies a year. "Steve [Cohen] has a fairly good sized balance sheet," Granade said. "Because we're operating through Steve, we can be very opportunistic when we're seeing things." The Intercept reported last year that In-Q-Tel has been specializing in companies that mine data on Twitter and other social networks. And the Wall Street Journal reported that some of In-Q-Tel's board members have ties to some of the companies the fund has invested in.  Sri Chandrasekar LinkedIn The Securities and Exchange Commission in 2013 banned Cohen's $16 billion predecessor firm, SAC Capital, from managing outside money after it pleaded guilty to securities fraud. Cohen subsequently launched Point72 as a family office to run his billions of wealth. A Cohen-led organization can accept outside investors' money again starting next year. More from Rachael Levy: NOW WATCH: SCOTT GALLOWAY: Stop blaming Amazon for killing retail Loading video... More: Hedge Funds Point72 Asset Management Steve Cohen facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Billionaire Steve Cohen hired 2 investors from the CIA's secretive VC fund for a new Palo Alto office Billionaire Steve Cohen has opened a Palo... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Stocks close higher on strength in tech and energy CNBC Fred Imbert 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Oil prices add to gains, driven by hopes of output-cut extensions Bitcoin ransomware demand shows criminal links hard to shake Click to expand Replay Video Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought The worldwide cyberattack that crippled England's health organization and disrupted Germany's rail service could still get worse. Newsy Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines For decades, Americans have loved to shop at malls. But now, the industry as a whole is taking a bit hit. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Veuer China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Chinese President Xi Jinping urges backing for his new Silk Road Initiative while addressing world leaders at a summit in Beijing, stressing the importance of rejecting protectionism in seeking global economic growth. As David Pollard reports, China ihas pledged $124 billion to make the plan a reality. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Dow turns positive for May CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought Newsy1:08 Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines Veuer0:44 China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Reuters1:53 Disney faces tough questions about ESPN The Wall Street Journal.0:37 These states have the highest cost of living in the US CNBC0:59 HTC unveils 'squeezy' phone for selfies BBC News1:23 Explore the shipwrecked Titanic for $105,000 The Wall Street Journal.0:58 Could worldwide cyber attack lead to crackdown on bitcoin? Fox Business5:03 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 This mom launched a business to save daughter from bullies; it's now worth $65M CNBC1:52 Do fidget spinners really help with ADHD? Nope, experts say Money1:40 Trump is reportedly selling his Caribbean estate for $28 million — take a look inside Business Insider1:36 Fewer Chinese buy overseas property Reuters1:28 Facebook is as addictive as chocolate and nicotine Veuer0:35 Cracks in the TI-84 calculator monopoly? CNN Money1:57 This paramedic built a 7-figure company CNBC0:49 UP NEXT The S&P 500 and Nasdaq composite closed at record highs on Monday after a rise in tech and oil prices. The S&P climbed about 0.5 percent, with materials leading advancers. Energy was also among the best performers after a sharp rise in crude prices. Quotes in the article Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▲ 34.23 +0.78 +2.33% Homeland Security Corp HSCC ▲ 0.0255 +0.0004 +1.39% Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▲ 126.99 +3.35 +2.71% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▲ 87.34 +0.42 +0.48% AdChoices West Texas Intermediate futures spiked 2.11 percent to settle at $48.85 per barrel after the Russian and Saudi energy ministers said the two countries agreed to extend a production cut until March 2018. "This is a snap-back rally in crude. The rubber band had stretched too long below $55 per barrel; now we're around $50," said Joe Sowin, head of global equity trading at Highland Capital Management. That said, an increase production from the U.S. could cap energy's gains, said Jason Pride, director of investment strategy at Glenmede. "Our Take: Oil should trade in the $50-70 range as increased demand is met by supply from U.S. share oil producers," Pride said in a note Monday. The Nasdaq, meanwhile, was led higher by a rise in large-cap tech stocks, including Facebook and Alphabet. Shares of tech giant Apple also hit record highs. The Dow Jones industrial average also closed higher as Cisco Systems' stock popped on the back of a massive cyberattack. A "ransomware" virus dubbed WannaCry hit 200,000 in more than 100 countries on Friday. The virus locked up computers in car factories, hospitals and schools. Load Error President Donald Trump ordered Homeland Security Adviser Tom Bossert to hold an emergency meeting Friday night to assess the threat posed by the attack, Reuters reported. The PureFunds ISE Cyber Security ETF (HACK) rose more than 3 percent, putting it on track for its best day of the year. The Dow also received a boost from Johnson & Johnson, which rose 2.71 percent after JPMorgan upgraded the stock. Equities have traded near record levels recently as investors have shrugged off conflict in Washington that could derail the implementation of pro-growth policies as well as geopolitical tensions. "Investors have been desensitized with all the news about North Korea and out of Washington," said Christian Magoon, CEO of Amplify ETFs. "I think it;s doing them a disservice." North Korea said this weekend it tested a new type of missile that can carry a nuclear warhead. However, the U.S. military's Pacific Command said on Sunday the type of missile that was fired was "not consistent" with an ICBM and South Korea's military played down the North's claim of technical progress on atmospheric re-entry. "Everything seems to slide off this market," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank. "Other than a potentially cataclysmic event in Washington, ... I think the slowdown in economic data" could threaten the market in the next 3-to-6 months. "In the meantime, the market continues to hold up with its Teflon curtain." Jeffrey Saut, chief investment strategist at Raymond James, said in a note that he expects stocks to break into new records later this week, citing his models. "While our models are not always right, they are right more times than they are wrong and hereto we are tilting portfolios accordingly." In economic news, the National Association of Home Builders survey showed sentiment among home builders came in at 70 for May. Anything above 50 is considered positive sentiment. The index was at 58 in May of last year. Meanwhile, the Empire State manufacturing index dropped to negative 1 in May from a print of 5.2 last month. The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) rose 85.33 points, or 0.41 percent, to close at 20,981.94, with Johnson & Johnson leading advancers and Verizon lagging. The S&P 500 (.SPX) gained 11.42 points, or 0.48 percent, to end at 2,402.32, with materials leading nine sectors higher and telecommunications and consumer discretionary lagging. The Nasdaq (.IXIC) advanced 28.44 points, or 0.46 percent, to 6,149.67. About three stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 849.01 million and a composite volume of 3.460 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX) (.VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 10.4. —Reuters contributed to this report. On tap this week: Monday Earnings: Noah Holdings, DXP Enterprises 4:00 p.m. TIC data Tuesday Earnings: Home Depot, TJX Cos, Dick's Sporting Goods, Weibo, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers, Urban Outfitters, Jack in the Box, Vodafone, Staples, Manchester United 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: Target, L Brands, Cisco System, Tencent, American Eagle Outfitters, Flower Foods, ZTO Express, Rexnord 7:00 a.m. Mortgage applications Thursday Earnings: Wal-Mart, Alibaba, Applied Materials, Autodesk, Salesforce.com, Gap, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, McKesson, Ross Stores, Buckle, Eagle Materials 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 1:00 p.m. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester Friday Earnings:Campbell Soup, Deere, Foot Locker 9:15 a.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Top News and Analysis CNBC Latest News Video CNBC Personal Finance CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom Stocks close lower as retail bloodbath slams J.C. Penney Stocks threaten to break down amid Comey turmoil James Comey's firing clouds mixed day of trading S&P 500 drifts aimlessly as May doldrums continue Dow crawls despite Apple surge Dow retakes 21,000 on strong job gains Stocks stall amid commodities crush, big tech weakness Stocks mixed as Federal Reserve signals June rate hike Stocks mixed as market euphoria deepens Nasdaq goes vertical as volume wanes ahead of Fed Stocks close higher on big tech, oil boom 1 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Nasdaq goes vertical as volume wanes ahead of Fed Stocks close lower as retail bloodbath slams J.C. Penney Click to expand Replay Video Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought The worldwide cyberattack that crippled England's health organization and disrupted Germany's rail service could still get worse. Newsy Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines For decades, Americans have loved to shop at malls. But now, the industry as a whole is taking a bit hit. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Veuer China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Chinese President Xi Jinping urges backing for his new Silk Road Initiative while addressing world leaders at a summit in Beijing, stressing the importance of rejecting protectionism in seeking global economic growth. As David Pollard reports, China ihas pledged $124 billion to make the plan a reality. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall Street hits records Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought Newsy1:08 Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines Veuer0:44 China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Reuters1:53 Disney faces tough questions about ESPN The Wall Street Journal.0:37 These states have the highest cost of living in the US CNBC0:59 HTC unveils 'squeezy' phone for selfies BBC News1:23 Explore the shipwrecked Titanic for $105,000 The Wall Street Journal.0:58 Could worldwide cyber attack lead to crackdown on bitcoin? Fox Business5:03 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 This mom launched a business to save daughter from bullies; it's now worth $65M CNBC1:52 Do fidget spinners really help with ADHD? Nope, experts say Money1:40 Trump is reportedly selling his Caribbean estate for $28 million — take a look inside Business Insider1:36 Fewer Chinese buy overseas property Reuters1:28 Facebook is as addictive as chocolate and nicotine Veuer0:35 Cracks in the TI-84 calculator monopoly? CNN Money1:57 This paramedic built a 7-figure company CNBC0:49 UP NEXT Video by Reuters Quotes in the article FireEye Inc FEYE ▲ 15.90 +1.11 +7.51% Johnson & Johnson JNJ ▲ 126.99 +3.35 +2.71% Sears Holdings Corp SHLD ▼ 8.31 -1.18 -12.43% JC Penney Co Inc JCP ▼ 4.34 -0.21 -4.62% AdChoices U.S. equities climbed higher on Monday in a continuation of the easy, low volatility conditions that have dominated over the past three months. Large-cap stocks, as measured by the S&P 500, closed above the 2,400 level for the first time, bagging another high. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4%, the S&P wafted up 0.5%, the Nasdaq Composite added 0.5% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.8%. Treasury bonds weakened, the dollar was lower, gold gained 0.2% and oil rose 2.1% on word Saudi Arabia and Russia backed an extension of recent output cuts.© Provided by InvestorPlace Breadth was heavily positive, at 3.1 advancing issues to every decliner on the NYSE while volume was in line with the 30-day average. Trivago NV – ADR (NASDAQ:TRVG) gained 12% on in-line earnings and a revenue beat on increased ad spending. FireEye Inc (NASDAQ:FEYE) gained 7.5% in the wake of Friday’s “WannaCry” ransomware attack, as Goldman noted the company could see an increase in its incident-response business. The 10 Best Stocks for a "Set It and Forget It" Summer Portfolio And Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) gained 2.7% on an upgrade to overweight at JPMorgan on expectations of a turnaround in revenue growth and sentiment. On the downside, Sears Holding Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) continued the bloodbath underway in the retail space falling 12.4% on reports Craftsman tool supplier One World was threatening a lawsuit to improve its contract terms. J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP) fell 4.6% on a bevy of analyst downgrades following weak earnings last week. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts Load Error And Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) fell 2.8% on a downgrade from Morgan Stanley on likely competitive pressures from Big Tech firms like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which may not be discounted in the share price. Turning to the economic data, the calendar was relatively quiet. The Empire Manufacturing Index slipped on a drop in new orders while employment measures remained strong. Homebuilder sentiment improved to the best reading of the year.© Provided by InvestorPlace On a technical basis, despite the day’s gains, the number of new 52-week highs on the NYSE increased 31% to 54 issues triggering another Hindenburg Omen as this, combined with a rollover in medium-term measures of breadth, suggest buying exhaustion is setting in. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to MSN Money readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Why Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Is Stronger Than You Think InvestorPlace Why Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) Stock Can Hold Its Own InvestorPlace Can Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Even Stay Above $5? InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious New Irrigation Technology, an Option that Improves the Quality of Life of Small Farmers in Ecuador Next PostNext Colaborando entre Continentes : Moçambique, Brasil e Banco Mundial Aprofundam Cooperação Sul-Sul em Desenvolvimento Rural Sustentável Search Recent Posts Waymo’s Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What’s in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Factors That Made TreeHouse Foods (THS) a Touch-Me-Not Stock Lilly’s Migraine Drug Phase III Trials Meet Primary Endpoint RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CNH Industrial announces pricing of its offering of Euro 500,000,000 guaranteed 1.375% notes due May 2022 Next PostNext Doorstop with the Hon. Gladys Berejiklian MP, Premier of New South Wales Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry Search Recent Posts Lifshitz & Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Angie’s List, Inc., Care Capital Properties, Inc., Jive Software, Inc., Park Sterling Corporation, Sajan, Inc., Span-America Medical Systems, Inc. and VWR Corporation DineEquity, Inc. Announces Second Quarter 2017 Dividend Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. to Present at American Gas Association 2017 Financial Forum xG Technology Reports First Quarter 2017 Results and Conference Call Lifshitz & Miller LLP Announces Investigation of Avinger, Inc., Barrick Gold Corporation, Catalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund, Hongli Clean Energy Technologies Corp., Snap Inc., Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. and Yelp Inc. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,982 +85.33 +0.41% Nasdaq 6,150 +28.44 +0.46% S&P 500 2,402 +11.42 +0.48% 3:04 A.M. ET Vodafone shares rise 2.6% after quarterly results 3:03 A.M. ET EasyJet shares fall 3.6% after larger-than-expected quarterly loss 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.2% lower at 12,788.87 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.5% at 5,391.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens down 1 point at 7,453.71 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.2% at 395.26 2:55 A.M. ET Updated Why stock-market investors are falling back in love with Europe 2:52 A.M. ET The world leader posing the biggest threat to global economy isn’t Trump 2:50 A.M. ET Inmarsat launches 4th broadband satellite 2:49 A.M. ET Akers Biosciences narrows loss, but revenue falls 2:49 A.M. ET EasyJet loss deepens as Brexit-hit pound bites 2:46 A.M. ET BOJ's Kuroda: Exit from QE should go 'quite well' 2:45 A.M. ET Premier Foods swings to full-year pretax profit 2:33 A.M. ET Kuroda Avoids Saying if He Will Serve Another BOJ Term 1:26 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices add to gains, driven by hopes of output-cut extensions 12:36 A.M. ET Ex-U.S. Diplomat Says Trump Administration Lacks North Korea Experience 5/15 Elliott Management revises BHP restructuring plan 5/15 Sourcing Giant: China Consumers Drive Innovation 5/15 Mixed bag for Asian stocks as Nikkei gets back on track 5/15 Updated White House in damage-control mode after report Trump revealed secrets Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters' Option to Purchase Additional Shares By Published: May 15, 2017 7:02 p.m. ET Share ALISO VIEJO, Calif., May 15, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint's net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8 [th] Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170515006792/en/ SOURCE: Five Point Holdings, LLC FivePoint Investors: investor.relations@fivepoint.com or Media: Steve Churm, 949-349-1034 steve.churm@fivepoint.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular This chart makes Apple, Facebook and Alphabet look like one-trick ponies The stock-market storm is coming—but the reason might surprise investors This man lives with his five young kids in a 1,050-square-foot apartment Meet Amazon’s first customer — this is the book he bought This is the new American dream MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amdocs Limited - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News SINA Corp (SINA) Price Target Raised to $94.00 at T.H. Capital Liberty Sirius XM Group (LSXMA) Price Target Cut to $42.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG CBOE Holdings, Inc (CBOE) Upgraded to “Strong-Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Crocs, Inc. (CROX) Given “Neutral” Rating at Susquehanna Bancshares Inc Cyberark Software Ltd (CYBR) Price Target Cut to $61.00 by Analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies International Consoltd Airlns Grp SA (ICAGY) Upgraded by Kepler Capital Markets to “Buy” Pure Multi-Family REIT LP (RUF.U) Price Target Raised to C$7.50 Amdocs Limited (DOX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Incyte Co. (INCY) Given Market Perform Rating at CIBC Invesco (IVZ) Receives Coverage Optimism Rating of 0.25 Childrens Place (PLCE) Receives Media Sentiment Rating of 0.30 Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Summit Hotel Properties (INN) Share Price ServiceNow (NOW) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Shows Recro Pharma Inc (REPH) Major Shareholder Stonepine Capital Management, Sells 510,000 Shares Edwards Lifesciences Corp (EW) VP Sells $1,283,860.00 in Stock C. Anderson Fincher Sells 15,638 Shares of Dover Corp (DOV) Stock Peabody Energy Co. (BTU) Major Shareholder Associates L.P. Elliott Buys 149,017 Shares Anheuser Busch Inbev NV (BUD) Receives $119.94 Average Price Target from Analysts Valeo, SA (VLEEY) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts Owens Corning (OC) Position Reduced by Engineers Gate Manager LP Amdocs Limited (DOX) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note published on Friday morning. Zacks Investment Research currently has $71.00 price objective on the technology company’s stock. According to Zacks, “Amdocs reported relatively healthy second-quarter fiscal 2017 results with modest year-over-year improvement in revenues and earnings that beat the respective Zacks Consensus Estimates. Amdocs further aims to improve its revenues with an innovative product portfolio. The company is collaborating with major telecom players across the globe to strengthen its position in the market. With a diligent execution of operational plans, Amdocs has outperformed the Zacks categorized IT Services industry in the last three months. For fiscal 2017, Amdocs increased its revenue guidance on favorable growth dynamics and strength in the business model. The company also remains on track to deliver non-GAAP EPS growth of 4.5–8.5%. However, Amdocs is exposed to risks related to adverse foreign exchange movements and slow-paced growth in European and emerging markets that undermine its growth potential to some extent.” A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the stock. Robert W. Baird boosted their price target on shares of Amdocs Limited from $62.00 to $66.00 and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Wednesday, May 10th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating and set a $68.00 price target on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. reissued an outperform rating and set a $70.00 price target (up from $65.00) on shares of Amdocs Limited in a research note on Tuesday, March 7th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have given a buy rating to the stock. Amdocs Limited presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $66.00. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) traded up 0.35% on Friday, hitting $63.47. 530,652 shares of the company were exchanged. Amdocs Limited has a one year low of $54.12 and a one year high of $64.32. The firm has a market cap of $9.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.44 and a beta of 0.64. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $61.49 and a 200 day moving average price of $59.99. Amdocs Limited (NASDAQ:DOX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The technology company reported $0.88 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.87 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $966 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $960.58 million. Amdocs Limited had a net margin of 10.83% and a return on equity of 14.57%. Amdocs Limited’s revenue for the quarter was up 4.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.92 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Amdocs Limited will post $3.77 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/amdocs-limited-dox-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-buy.html. Several large investors have recently bought and sold shares of DOX. Bank of America Corp DE increased its stake in Amdocs Limited by 12.6% in the first quarter. Bank of America Corp DE now owns 1,318,784 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $80,433,000 after buying an additional 147,542 shares during the period. PEAK6 Investments L.P. increased its stake in Amdocs Limited by 142.1% in the first quarter. PEAK6 Investments L.P. now owns 9,612 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $586,000 after buying an additional 5,641 shares during the period. Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. acquired a new stake in Amdocs Limited during the first quarter worth $1,428,000. Logan Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in Amdocs Limited by 17.7% in the first quarter. Logan Capital Management Inc. now owns 11,140 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $679,000 after buying an additional 1,675 shares during the period. Finally, Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. increased its stake in Amdocs Limited by 5.1% in the first quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 463,825 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $28,289,000 after buying an additional 22,651 shares during the period. 89.04% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Amdocs Limited Company Profile Amdocs Limited is a provider of software and services for communications, entertainment and media industry service providers. The Company develops, implements and manages software and services associated with business support systems (BSS), operational support systems (OSS) and network operations to enable service providers to introduce new products and services, process orders, monetize data, support new business models and enhance their understanding of their customers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Amdocs Limited (DOX) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Amdocs Limited Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amdocs Limited and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Orbite annonce ses résultats pour le premier trimestre 2017 Next PostNext Orbite Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Cybersecurity Keynote Speaker Edgar Perez Launches Global Cybersecurity Awareness Training Offering Global Steering Column Systems Market 2017 Research Report Falling Returns from Fossil Fuels Prompt Energy Companies to Tap Growth Opportunities in the Renewable Energy Sector 2017 to 2022 Global Optical Fiber Patch Cord Market Research Analysis Report rue21 To Reduce Debt And Focus On Best Peforming Stores Through Chapter 11 Reorganization With Creditor Support And New Capital RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Five Point Holdings, LLC Announces Closing of Initial Public Offering and Full Exercise of Underwriters’ Option to Purchase Additional Shares ALISO VIEJO, Calif.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Five Point Holdings, LLC (“FivePoint”), an owner and developer of mixed-use master-planned communities in coastal California, today announced the closing of its public offering of Class A common shares at $14.00 per share. FivePoint sold 24,150,000 Class A common shares, including 3,150,000 shares pursuant to the full exercise by the underwriters of their option to purchase additional shares at the initial public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. FivePoint’s net proceeds from the offering were approximately $320 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and before offering expenses. FivePoint also received $100 million of additional proceeds from a concurrent private placement to Lennar Corporation. FivePoint’s Class A common shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “FPH.” Citigroup, J.P. Morgan, RBC Capital Markets and Wells Fargo Securities are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering and as representatives of the underwriters. Deutsche Bank Securities, Evercore ISI, Zelman Partners LLC and JMP Securities are also acting as joint book-running managers. The offering is being made only by means of a prospectus. A copy of the final prospectus related to the offering may be obtained from: Citigroup, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-800-831-9146; J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Attention: Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, New York 11717, or by calling 1-866-803-9204; RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, Three World Financial Center, 200 Vesey Street, 8th Floor, New York, New York 10281-8098, by email at equityprospectus@rbccm.com, or by calling 1-877-822-4089; or Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Attention: Equity Syndicate, 375 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10152, by email at cmclientsupport@wellsfargo.com, or by calling 1-800-326-5897. A registration statement relating to these securities has been filed with, and declared effective by, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state or jurisdiction. About FivePoint FivePoint, headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California, designs and develops mixed-use, master-planned communities in coastal California. FivePoint is developing vibrant and sustainable communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County that will offer homes, commercial, retail, educational, and recreational elements as well as civic areas, parks, and open spaces. FivePoint’s three communities are: Great Park Neighborhoods® in Irvine, Newhall Ranch® near Valencia, and The San Francisco Shipyard/Candlestick Point in the City of San Francisco. The communities are planned to include approximately 40,000 residential homes and approximately 21 million square feet of commercial space, plus infrastructure. Forward-Looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements.” You can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as “believe,” “will,” “plans,” “expects” and “intends.” Forward-looking statements are based on FivePoint’s current expectations and assumptions. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements, which are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements are set forth in our filings with the SEC, including our registration statement on Form S-11, as amended from time to time, under the caption “Risk Factors.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Condor Announces 2017 First Quarter Results Next PostNext Automotive Antenna Market 2017 Key Manufacturers, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Waymo’s Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What’s in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Factors That Made TreeHouse Foods (THS) a Touch-Me-Not Stock Lilly’s Migraine Drug Phase III Trials Meet Primary Endpoint RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Orange SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Equifax Inc. (EFX) Receives $139.80 Average Price Target from Analysts Qualys Inc (QLYS) Receives $39.20 Consensus PT from Analysts Analysts Set Orange SA (ORA) PT at $17.30 SAGE Therapeutics Inc (SAGE) Receives New Coverage from Analysts at Bank of America Corp Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Lowered to “Neutral” at Credit Suisse Group AG Time Inc (TIME) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Chemours Co (CC) Upgraded to “Overweight” by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Triangle Capital Co. (TCAP) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Welltower’s (HCN) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Verisk Analytics, Inc. (VRSK) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. 87,668 Shares in SBA Communications Co. (SBAC) Acquired by TD Asset Management Inc. Alleghany Co. (Y) Shares Bought by TD Asset Management Inc. Parkwood LLC Has $250,000 Position in The Valspar Corp (VAL) Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Shares Sold by TD Asset Management Inc. Parkwood LLC Acquires 2,287 Shares of Tesoro Co. (TSO) Hologic, Inc. (HOLX) Stake Increased by Ardevora Asset Management LLP TD Asset Management Inc. Buys 86,320 Shares of FirstEnergy Corp. (FE) TD Asset Management Inc. Decreases Stake in Xerox Corp (XRX) Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stake Reduced by Tdam USA Inc. Tdam USA Inc. Has $8.172 Million Position in Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Analysts Set Orange SA (ORA) PT at $17.30 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of Orange SA (EPA:ORA) have been given a consensus rating of “Buy” by the sixteen analysts that are currently covering the firm. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold recommendation and thirteen have given a buy recommendation to the company. The average 1-year price target among analysts that have covered the stock in the last year is €17.30 ($19.01). A number of research analysts have recently issued reports on the company. Kepler Capital Markets set a €16.50 ($18.13) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Royal Bank of Canada set a €18.00 ($19.78) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, April 6th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €20.50 ($22.53) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, April 3rd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €17.50 ($19.23) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Morgan Stanley set a €20.00 ($21.98) price objective on Orange SA and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, March 23rd. Shares of Orange SA (EPA:ORA) traded down 0.392% on Friday, reaching €15.265. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 4,437,746 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of €14.52 and a 200-day moving average of €14.33. Orange SA has a 12 month low of €12.38 and a 12 month high of €15.66. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Analysts Set Orange SA (ORA) PT at $17.30” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/analysts-set-orange-sa-ora-pt-at-17-30.html. About Orange SA Orange SA is a telecommunications operator. The Company also provides telecommunication services to multinational companies, under the brand Orange Business Services. The Company’s segments include France, Spain, Poland, Belgium and Luxembourg, Central European countries, Africa and Middle East, Enterprise, and International Carriers & Shared Services. Receive News & Ratings for Orange SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Orange SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc. Results of Annual Meeting of Stockholders BOSTON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan China Region Fund, Inc. (‘JFC’ or the ‘Fund’) announced today that American Election Services, LLC (‘AES’), the independent inspector of elections for the Fund’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on May 11, 2017, has certified the final results of the meeting. AES has certified that, as announced on May 11, 2017 based on the preliminary vote count, the Fund’s stockholders have voted to: Approve the election of Julian M.I. Reid as a Director for a term expiring in 2020; and Approve a proposal to liquidate and dissolve the Fund pursuant to a Plan of Liquidation and Dissolution The final certified quorum and voting results provided to the Fund by AES are as follows:       Shares Outstanding       6,447,637   Total Shares Voted       5,790,470 .779 Quorum Percentage       89.80%                 Proposal 1: Election of Directors       For       Withheld Julian M.I. Reid       5,465,207.975       325,262.804                           Proposal 2: Liquidation and Dissolution of the Fund For       Against       Abstain       Broker Non-Votes       3,453,617.371       1,128,116.427       25,665.981       1,183,071.000   The Board has resolved to meet in the coming weeks to consider and approve additional details regarding the liquidation, including the day on which the books of the Fund will be closed with respect to stockholders and trading on the New York Stock Exchange will cease as well as the date on which the liquidating distribution is expected to occur. Subject to market conditions and in its discretion, the Fund’s Investment Advisor, JF International Management, Inc., may begin to sell portfolio securities in order to convert assets to cash in preparation for the liquidation. Further information will be provided in one or more future press releases. The Fund currently anticipates that the liquidation and dissolution of the Fund will take place within 3 months (absent unforeseen circumstances). This date will depend upon, among other things, the time needed to establish a liquidation trust for certain assets held in the Fund, as described below. As described in the proxy statement, Fund assets held through the Qualified Foreign Institutional Investor (‘QFII’) program may only be repatriated once approved by Chinese regulators, the timing of which is not known. These assets will be held in Renminbi until such time that approval is granted. As a result, stockholders will not receive the net asset value, less liquidation costs, for these assets in the liquidating distribution, and instead will receive an interest in a liquidating trust that is anticipated to make additional distributions to stockholders upon repatriation of amounts under the QFII program. The Fund is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company whose shares are traded on the New York Stock Exchange. The Fund trades under the symbol “JFC.” The Fund seeks to achieve long-term capital appreciation through investments primarily in equity securities of companies with substantial assets in, or revenues derived from, the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macau—collectively, the China Region. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by the Fund are available free of charge on the Fund’s internet website at http://www.jpmchinaregionfund.com JPMorgan Fund Services, in Boston, MA is the Fund’s accounting and administrative agent. This release shall not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy, nor shall there be any sale of Fund securities in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the laws of such state or jurisdiction. Investing involves risk and it is possible to lose money on any investment in the Fund. Past performance is no guarantee of future returns. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Groom your palate at Treasury Brisbane’s Cheese & Wine Trail Next PostNext Pavement work will cause lane closure on I-29 in Platte Co Search Recent Posts Surna Reports Q1 2017 Results Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces that a Class Action Lawsuit has been Filed against ImmunoCellular Therapeutics, Ltd. (IMUC) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is Investigating DXP Enterprises, Inc. (DXPE) on Behalf of Stockholders and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces that a Class Action Lawsuit has been Filed against Sunrun Inc. (RUN) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Avinger, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The New York Fed is understating the impact of a $500 trillion market Wolf Richter, Wolf Street May 15, 2017, 5:17 PM 1,412 facebook linkedin twitter email print Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York Thomson Reuters Economists at the New York Fed included this gem in their report on a two-day conference on “Derivatives and Regulatory Changes” since the Financial Crisis: Though the notional amount [of derivatives] outstanding has declined in recent years, at more than $500 trillion outstanding, OTC derivatives remain an important asset class. An important asset class. A hilarious understatement. Let’s see… the “notional amount” of $500 trillion is 25 times the GDP of the US and about 7 times global GDP. Derivatives are not just an “important asset class,” like bonds; they’re the largest “financial weapons of mass destruction,” as Warren Buffett called them in 2003. Derivatives are used for hedging economic risks. And they’re used as “speculative directional exposures” – very risky one-sided bets. It’s all tied together in an immense and opaque market interwoven with the banks. The New York Fed: The 2007-09 financial crisis highlighted weaknesses in the over-the-counter (OTC) derivatives markets and the increased risk of contagion due to the interconnectedness of market participants in these markets. This chart from the New York Fed shows how derivatives ballooned 150% – or by $360 trillion – in less than four years before the Financial Crisis. They ticked down during the Financial Crisis, then rose again during the Fed’s QE to peak at $700 trillion. After the end of QE, they declined, but recently ticked up again to $500 trillion. I added in red the Warren Buffett moment:Wolf Street The vast majority of the derivatives are interest rate and credit contracts (dark blue). Banks specialize in that. For example, according to the OCC’s Q4 2016 Report on Derivatives , JPMorgan Chase holds $47.5 trillion of derivatives at notional value and Citibank $43.9 trillion. The top 25 US banks hold $164.7 trillion, or 8.5 times US GDP. So even a minor squiggle could trigger some serious heartburn. In 2003 already, famously, when there were less than $200 trillion in derivatives outstanding, Warren Buffett, who himself doesn’t shy away from them, warned in Berkshire Hathaway’s annual report: I view derivatives as time bombs, both for the parties that deal in them and the economic system. Basically these instruments call for money to change hands at some future date, with the amount to be determined by one or more reference items, such as interest rates, stock prices, or currency values. Unless derivatives contracts are collateralized or guaranteed, their ultimate value also depends on the creditworthiness of the counter-parties to them. But before a contract is settled, the counter-parties record profits and losses – often huge in amount – in their current earnings statements without so much as a penny changing hands. Reported earnings on derivatives are often wildly overstated. That’s because today’s earnings are in a significant way based on estimates whose inaccuracy may not be exposed for many years. The errors usually reflect the human tendency to take an optimistic view of one’s commitments. But the parties to derivatives also have enormous incentives to cheat in accounting for them. Those who trade derivatives are usually paid, in whole or part, on “earnings” calculated by mark-to-market accounting. But often there is no real market, and “mark-to-model” is utilized. This substitution can bring on large-scale mischief. As a general rule, contracts involving multiple reference items and distant settlement dates increase the opportunities for counter-parties to use fanciful assumptions. The two parties to the contract might well use differing models allowing both to show substantial profits for many years. In extreme cases, mark-to-model degenerates into what I would call mark-to-myth. The derivatives genie is now well out of the bottle, and these instruments will almost certainly multiply in variety and number until some event makes their toxicity clear. In my view, derivatives are financial weapons of mass destruction, carrying dangers that, while now latent, are potentially lethal. That was in 2003. Five years later, it all came apart. Since the Financial Crisis, there have been some regulations globally to improve the functioning of OTC derivatives markets and manage “the risks associated with these products,” as the NY Fed’s report put it. But even today, there are still conferences on derivatives – for regulators to figure out how to regulate them, and for market participants to figure out how to get around these regulations. Hence “unintended consequences,” according to the New York Fed:  [W]hile the new trading, clearing, capital, and margin requirements have not generated the expected levels of derivatives market standardization, these requirements may be driving new market behaviors. For example, higher margin requirements for bilateral contracts may incentivize different types of institutions to become CCP [Central Counterparty] members, while higher capital requirements may lead to fewer traditional intermediaries providing clearing services.  [S]ome CCPs are evaluating the possibility of allowing direct access for buy-side firms to mitigate the impact of capital regulation on the market.  [R]egulations have disparate impact on different types of financial institutions. For example, mandatory clearing and higher margin requirements for non-cleared derivatives are having unintended consequences for end users of derivatives. In particular, institutions that use derivatives to hedge unexpected changes to their liabilities engage in bilateral contracts to match their exposures; the higher margin requirements for non-cleared trades thus increase their hedging costs and may reduce their willingness to hedge. The report concludes with this zinger: “Possible further innovations to market practice and regulatory landscapes warrant consideration, given that OTC derivatives remain a significant part of the financial landscape.” Again, this hilarious understatement concerning the $500 trillion monster. Clearly, it’s not all careening downhill, at least not for everyone. “The new 1%” of the S&P 500 stocks gained $260 billion since March 1, while the 99% of the S&P 500 lost $260 billion. Read…  “The Great Narrowing” of the S&P 500 Read the original article on Wolf Street. Copyright 2017. Follow Wolf Street on Twitter. More from Wolf Street: NOW WATCH: The Marine Corps is testing a machine gun-wielding robot controlled with just a tablet and a joystick Loading video... More: Wolf Street Derivatives facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The New York Fed is understating the impact of a $500 trillion market The New York Fed is understating the impact of a $500 trillion market Economists at the New York Fed included this... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wendys Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €155.00 Price Target at Societe Generale Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases Shares of 45,413 CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 81,433 Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Karp Capital Management Corp Buys New Stake in Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Hometrust Bancshares (HTBI) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Reynolds American (RAI) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Price Target Lowered to C$37.50 at Scotiabank Stantec Inc. (STN) Given New C$34.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 at TD Securities Standard Life (SLFPF) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to Outperform Smart REIT (SRU.UN) Upgraded to Outperform at National Bank Financial International Consoltd Airlns Grp SA (ICAGY) Upgraded by Kepler Capital Markets to “Buy” Yangarra Resources Ltd. (YGR) Price Target Raised to C$4.00 at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Analysts Set TransDigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Target Price at $281.27 CIGNA Co. (CI) Receives $167.57 Consensus PT from Analysts Brokerages Set Peak Resorts Inc (SKIS) PT at $6.67 Karp Capital Management Corp Buys New Position in CMS Energy Co. (CMS) Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wendys Co (NASDAQ:WEN) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research note published on Friday morning. According to Zacks, “Wendy’s shares widely outpaced the Zacks classified Retail–Restaurants industry over the past year. The company’s Q1 2017 adjusted earnings of $0.09 topped the Zacks Consensus Estimate by 12.5% but declined 18.2% year over year (y/y) due to lower sales. Revenue of $285.8 million surpassed the consensus mark by 2.3% but slumped 24.6% y/y. Revenues have been declining y/y over the past few quarters because of reduced number of company-operated restaurants as a result of its system optimization initiative. Though Wendy’s transition to a franchise-based business model has been weighing on revenues, it is expected to lower the company’s general and administrative expenses, thereby boosting earnings, 2017 onwards. Yet, higher labor costs might keep profits under pressure. Nevertheless, initiatives like its Image Activation program, menu innovation and global expansion would help offset the negatives to some extent.” A number of other analysts have also recently commented on WEN. Wedbush restated a neutral rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Saturday, January 28th. Wells Fargo & Co restated a market perform rating and set a $13.50 price target (up from $13.00) on shares of Wendys in a research note on Tuesday, February 7th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Royal Bank of Canada restated a sector perform rating and set a $14.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Stephens restated an overweight rating and set a $16.00 price target on shares of Wendys in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Wendys from a neutral rating to an overweight rating and set a $15.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 24th. Eleven analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wendys currently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $14.66. Shares of Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) traded up 1.77% during midday trading on Friday, reaching $16.12. 2,186,857 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $14.25 and a 200 day moving average price of $13.41. Wendys has a 12 month low of $9.15 and a 12 month high of $16.13. The firm has a market cap of $3.97 billion, a PE ratio of 32.70 and a beta of 0.97. Wendys (NASDAQ:WEN) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, May 10th. The restaurant operator reported $0.09 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.08 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $285.82 million for the quarter. Wendys had a net margin of 11.74% and a return on equity of 16.62%. The business’s quarterly revenue was down 24.6% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.11 earnings per share. Equities research analysts predict that Wendys will post $0.46 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/wendys-co-wen-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, June 1st will be paid a $0.07 dividend. This represents a $0.28 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.74%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, May 30th. Wendys’s dividend payout ratio is presently 38.24%. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of WEN. Tyers Asset Management LLC boosted its stake in Wendys by 1.3% in the first quarter. Tyers Asset Management LLC now owns 7,568 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $103,000 after buying an additional 96 shares in the last quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. boosted its stake in Wendys by 0.6% in the fourth quarter. Pacad Investment Ltd. now owns 17,600 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $238,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC boosted its stake in Wendys by 1.3% in the first quarter. Elkfork Partners LLC now owns 10,406 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $142,000 after buying an additional 132 shares in the last quarter. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in Wendys by 1.3% in the first quarter. Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC now owns 13,244 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $180,000 after buying an additional 168 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC boosted its stake in Wendys by 1.3% in the first quarter. Glen Harbor Capital Management LLC now owns 16,082 shares of the restaurant operator’s stock valued at $219,000 after buying an additional 204 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 83.19% of the company’s stock. Wendys Company Profile The Wendy’s Company is the parent company of subsidiary holding company Wendy’s Restaurants, LLC (Wendy’s Restaurants). Wendy’s Restaurants is the parent company of Wendy’s International, LLC (Wendy’s), which is the owner and franchisor of the Wendy’s restaurant system in the United States. Wendy’s is a restaurant company specializing in the hamburger sandwich segment. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wendys (WEN) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wendys Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wendys Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Allianz SE - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Sei Investments Co. Has $27.138 Million Stake in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Ulta Beauty Inc (ULTA) Position Raised by Sei Investments Co. Endurance Wealth Management Inc. Sells 1,000 Shares of Vertex Pharmaceuticals Incorporated (VRTX) Capital Analysts LLC Reduces Stake in Boston Properties, Inc. (BXP) Sei Investments Co. Sells 45,355 Shares of Total SA (TOT) Silver Wheaton Corp. (SLW) Price Target Increased to $31.00 by Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €155.00 Price Target at Societe Generale Wendys Co (WEN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Karp Capital Management Corp Purchases Shares of 45,413 CNOOC Ltd (CEO) Karp Capital Management Corp Buys Shares of 81,433 Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. (BR) Karp Capital Management Corp Buys New Stake in Trustmark Corp (TRMK) Koninklijke Philips NV (PHG) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Hometrust Bancshares (HTBI) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.31 Reynolds American (RAI) Receives Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.21 Teck Resources Ltd (TECK.B) Price Target Lowered to C$37.50 at Scotiabank Stantec Inc. (STN) Given New C$34.00 Price Target at Royal Bank of Canada Parex Resources Inc. (PXT) Price Target Raised to C$22.00 at TD Securities Standard Life (SLFPF) Upgraded by Royal Bank of Canada to Outperform Smart REIT (SRU.UN) Upgraded to Outperform at National Bank Financial International Consoltd Airlns Grp SA (ICAGY) Upgraded by Kepler Capital Markets to “Buy” Allianz SE (ALV) Given a €155.00 Price Target at Societe Generale May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Societe Generale set a €155.00 ($170.33) price target on Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) in a research report report published on Friday. The brokerage currently has a sell rating on the stock. Other analysts have also issued research reports about the company. Kepler Capital Markets set a €185.00 ($203.30) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €175.00 ($192.31) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. Commerzbank Ag set a €185.00 ($203.30) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, February 7th. equinet AG set a €175.00 ($192.31) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Monday, January 30th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €180.00 ($197.80) price objective on Allianz SE and gave the company a buy rating in a report on Tuesday, January 24th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of Hold and an average price target of €177.43 ($194.98). Allianz SE (FRA:ALV) traded up 0.524% during midday trading on Friday, reaching €173.525. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 5,625 shares. The company has a market capitalization of €78.97 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.569. Allianz SE has a 1-year low of €118.40 and a 1-year high of €177.77. The company’s 50-day moving average price is €172.77 and its 200-day moving average price is €161.38. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This report was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/allianz-se-alv-given-a-155-00-price-target-at-societe-generale.html. Receive News & Ratings for Allianz SE Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Allianz SE and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- The S&P 500 finishes 0.48% higher, closes above 2,400 for the first time Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > Stocks Close Higher on Big Tech, Oil Boom S&P 500 notched a new high amid quiet strength May 15, 2017, 5:49 pm EDT  |  By Anthony Mirhaydari, InvestorPlace Market Strategist Get AAPL alerts: Submit     U.S. equities climbed higher on Monday in a continuation of the easy, low volatility conditions that have dominated over the past three months. Large-cap stocks, as measured by the S&P 500, closed above the 2,400 level for the first time, bagging another high. In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 0.4%, the S&P wafted up 0.5%, the Nasdaq Composite added 0.5% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.8%. Treasury bonds weakened, the dollar was lower, gold gained 0.2% and oil rose 2.1% on word Saudi Arabia and Russia backed an extension of recent output cuts. Breadth was heavily positive, at 3.1 advancing issues to every decliner on the NYSE while volume was in line with the 30-day average. Trivago NV – ADR (NASDAQ:TRVG) gained 12% on in-line earnings and a revenue beat on increased ad spending. FireEye Inc (NASDAQ:FEYE) gained 7.5% in the wake of Friday’s “WannaCry” ransomware attack, as Goldman noted the company could see an increase in its incident-response business. And Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) gained 2.7% on an upgrade to overweight at JPMorgan on expectations of a turnaround in revenue growth and sentiment. On the downside, Sears Holding Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) continued the bloodbath underway in the retail space falling 12.4% on reports Craftsman tool supplier One World was threatening a lawsuit to improve its contract terms. J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP) fell 4.6% on a bevy of analyst downgrades following weak earnings last week. And Tesla Inc. (NASDAQ:TSLA) fell 2.8% on a downgrade from Morgan Stanley on likely competitive pressures from Big Tech firms like Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), which may not be discounted in the share price. Turning to the economic data, the calendar was relatively quiet. The Empire Manufacturing Index slipped on a drop in new orders while employment measures remained strong. Homebuilder sentiment improved to the best reading of the year. On a technical basis, despite the day’s gains, the number of new 52-week highs on the NYSE increased 31% to 54 issues triggering another Hindenburg Omen as this, combined with a rollover in medium-term measures of breadth, suggest buying exhaustion is setting in. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters. A two-week and four-week free trial offer has been extended to Investorplace readers. Redeem by clicking the links above. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/stocks-close-higher-on-big-tech-oil-boom/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio 3 Retail Stocks to Buy Before Earnings Send Them to the Moon 7 Gold Stocks Under $7 Set to Shine in 2017 Amazon Stock Simply Cannot Be Stopped Can Sears Stock Even Stay Above $5? 5 Stock Picks That Buffett Has Blown ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Stocks for a “Set It and Forget It” Summer Portfolio 3 Retail Stocks to Buy Before Earnings Send Them to the Moon 7 Gold Stocks Under $7 That Could Glitter This Year 7 Dogs of the Dow to Trade Now for Income 3 Solar Stocks That Are Sizzling Trades Right Now Most Popular 5 Top Dividend Stocks From Across the Globe 7 Stocks That Will Get Crushed in the Next Crash The 7 Best REITs You Must Buy Right Now! 10 Dividend Aristocrats That Are Ready to Rally 3 Cash-Rich Tech Stocks to Buy and Hold Forever 7 Stocks to Buy Now for BIG Summer Outperformance Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Athenex Gears Up for IPO By Chris Lange May 15, 2017 12:35 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Athenex has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) for its initial public offering (IPO). No pricing details were mentioned in the filing, but the offering is valued up to $100 million, although this number is usually just a placeholder. The company intends to list its shares on the Nasdaq under the symbol ATNX. The underwriters for the offering are Credit Suisse, JPMorgan and Deutsche Bank. This global biopharmaceutical company is dedicated to the discovery, development and commercialization of novel therapies for the treatment of cancer. Its mission is to improve the lives of cancer patients by creating more effective, safer and tolerable treatments. The firm has generated its clinical product candidates through the Orascovery and Src Kinase Inhibition research platforms, which are based on the understanding of human absorption biology and novel approaches to inhibiting kinase activity, respectively. Management believes that the firm’s ability to overcome the challenges of oral delivery of chemotherapy and limitations associated with IV delivery, via its P-gp inhibitor, offers significant potential benefits to patient outcomes by allowing patients to stay on therapy longer and extending the potential opportunities to combine with other agents, including targeted and immunotherapies that would otherwise be too toxic in combination with IV chemotherapy. This company is based in Buffalo, New York, and was formed in 2003. Athenex has been funded from inception by over $250 million in private financings and public-private partnerships with an estimated aggregate value of $375 million. Athenex intends to use the net proceeds from this offering for the following: Approximately $28 million for Phase 3 clinical trials of Oraxol for treatment of metastatic breast cancer. Approximately $12 million for additional clinical development and regulatory activities for our Orascovery platform. Approximately $20 million for Phase 3 clinical trials of KX-01 ointment for treatment of actinic keratosis. Approximately $25 million for clinical and pre-clinical research and development. The remainder for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « Google, Volvo to Show Off Android Integration in Connected Car What to Expect From Home Depot Earnings » Read more: Healthcare Business, biotech, healthcare, pharmaceuticals Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Retailers Closing the Most Stores States Investing the Most and Least in Children American Cities Where China Is Investing the Most Recent Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 J.C. Penney, Verizon Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems Lift DJIA Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Tribune's Tronc Inc. to buy Chicago Sun-Times owner Dow finishes up 0.4% Nasdaq Composite climbs 0.5% to finish at an all-time high Waymo's Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What's in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Solar Capital Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News $0.41 EPS Expected for Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) This Quarter $0.28 EPS Expected for Terreno Realty Co. (TRNO) This Quarter BCE Inc. (BCE) Receives $58.00 Average PT from Brokerages SYSCO Co. (SYY) Now Covered by Analysts at Loop Capital KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research First Financial Northwest, Inc. (FFNW) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Golden Entertainment Inc (GDEN) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Gabelli Funds LLC Has $20.573 Million Position in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Has $7.439 Million Position in Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) GABELLI & Co INVESTMENT ADVISERS INC. Has $330,000 Position in Newmont Mining Corp (NEM) RNC Capital Management LLC Cuts Stake in Xilinx, Inc. (XLNX) Underhill Investment Management LLC Boosts Stake in D.R. Horton, Inc. (DHI) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Has $8.602 Million Position in Lear Co. (LEA) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Prologis Inc (PLD) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Increases Position in Ameren Corp (AEE) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Boosts Position in Principal Financial Group Inc (PFG) Meadow Creek Investment Management LLC Cuts Position in Masco Corp (MAS) Robert E. Conway Acquires 15,000 Shares of Nivalis Therapeutics Inc (NVLS) Stock Rene Jacobsen Sells 950 Shares of ABM Industries, Inc. (ABM) Stock Colony Starwood Homes (SFR) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research $0.41 EPS Expected for Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) This Quarter May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Wall Street brokerages expect Solar Capital Ltd. (NASDAQ:SLRC) to post earnings of $0.41 per share for the current quarter, according to Zacks Investment Research. Two analysts have provided estimates for Solar Capital’s earnings, with the lowest EPS estimate coming in at $0.40 and the highest estimate coming in at $0.44. Solar Capital posted earnings per share of $0.46 during the same quarter last year, which would indicate a negative year-over-year growth rate of 10.9%. The company is expected to announce its next earnings report on Tuesday, August 1st. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Solar Capital will report full year earnings of $1.67 per share for the current fiscal year, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.63 to $1.74. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the business will post earnings of $1.81 per share, with EPS estimates ranging from $1.76 to $1.86. Zacks Investment Research’s EPS averages are an average based on a survey of sell-side research analysts that that provide coverage for Solar Capital. Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 2nd. The financial services provider reported $0.39 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.42 by $0.03. Solar Capital had a net margin of 50.98% and a return on equity of 7.83%. The business had revenue of $34.39 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $36.24 million. Several research firms recently weighed in on SLRC. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Solar Capital from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 4th. National Securities reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $24.00 price objective on shares of Solar Capital in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services downgraded Solar Capital from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research note on Friday, February 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Solar Capital from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $23.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, May 1st. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and three have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $22.34. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “$0.41 EPS Expected for Solar Capital Ltd. (SLRC) This Quarter” was published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/0-41-eps-expected-for-solar-capital-ltd-slrc-this-quarter.html. In other news, insider Michael S. Gross acquired 19,666 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $22.28 per share, with a total value of $438,158.48. Following the purchase, the insider now directly owns 165,894 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,696,118.32. The acquisition was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Company insiders own 5.80% of the company’s stock. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. California Public Employees Retirement System bought a new stake in shares of Solar Capital during the third quarter worth approximately $277,000. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD boosted its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 35.9% in the third quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD now owns 97,877 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,008,000 after buying an additional 25,832 shares during the period. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc boosted its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 60.3% in the third quarter. Yorktown Management & Research Co Inc now owns 1,010,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $20,725,000 after buying an additional 380,000 shares during the period. Advisors Asset Management Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 32.4% in the third quarter. Advisors Asset Management Inc. now owns 326,948 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $6,709,000 after buying an additional 79,964 shares during the period. Finally, Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL boosted its stake in shares of Solar Capital by 32.1% in the third quarter. Pekin Singer Strauss Asset Management IL now owns 66,855 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $1,372,000 after buying an additional 16,250 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 59.26% of the company’s stock. Shares of Solar Capital (NASDAQ:SLRC) traded up 0.82% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $22.09. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 116,884 shares. Solar Capital has a 1-year low of $17.94 and a 1-year high of $22.94. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $22.33 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.48. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be paid a $0.40 dividend. This represents a $1.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 7.24%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 20th. Solar Capital’s payout ratio is currently 89.89%. About Solar Capital Solar Capital Ltd. is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company. The Company’s investment objective is to generate both current income and capital appreciation through debt and equity investments. It invests in privately held the United States middle market companies. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Solar Capital (SLRC) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Solar Capital Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Meggitt plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Horizon Technology Finance Corp (HRZN) Receives Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.07 Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect Ensco Plc (ESV) Stock Price Brokerages Expect Manulife Financial Co. (MFC) to Post $0.40 Earnings Per Share Meggitt plc (MGGT) Given Neutral Rating at Citigroup Inc Pearson plc (PSON) Receives “Sell” Rating from Liberum Capital Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect LIN Media LLC Class A (LIN) Stock Price GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Given Buy Rating at Jefferies Group LLC Greencore Group plc (GNC) Receives “Buy” Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Kingfisher plc (KGFHY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Brokerages Set Cabot Corp (CBT) PT at $58.75 Brokerages Set NetEase Inc (NTES) PT at $290.23 SIG plc (SHI) Given Hold Rating at Berenberg Bank London Stock Exchange Group Plc (LSE) Receives Neutral Rating from Goldman Sachs Group Inc Melrose Industries PLC (MRO) Receives Buy Rating from Beaufort Securities Pan American Silver Corp. (PAAS) Lowered to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Gabelli Funds LLC Raises Stake in Macy's Inc (M) Gabelli Funds LLC Decreases Position in Edison International (EIX) Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Increases Position in Whole Foods Market, Inc. (WFM) Xylem Inc (XYL) Stake Decreased by Gabelli Funds LLC Graham Holdings Co (GHC) Stake Decreased by Gamco Investors INC. ET AL Meggitt plc (MGGT) Given Neutral Rating at Citigroup Inc May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Citigroup Inc reissued their neutral rating on shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) in a report issued on Friday. The firm currently has a GBX 500 ($6.45) price target on the stock. A number of other brokerages also recently commented on MGGT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and set a GBX 500 ($6.45) target price on shares of Meggitt plc in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Liberum Capital cut shares of Meggitt plc to a sell rating and lifted their price target for the company from GBX 390 ($5.03) to GBX 400 ($5.16) in a research report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 540 ($6.97) price target on shares of Meggitt plc in a research report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Berenberg Bank lifted their price target on shares of Meggitt plc from GBX 440 ($5.68) to GBX 490 ($6.33) and gave the company a hold rating in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a hold rating and set a GBX 435 ($5.62) price target on shares of Meggitt plc in a research report on Friday, February 17th. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 449.07 ($5.80). Shares of Meggitt plc (LON:MGGT) traded up 1.27% during trading on Friday, reaching GBX 487.10. 3,780,073 shares of the company traded hands. Meggitt plc has a 52 week low of GBX 361.80 and a 52 week high of GBX 487.10. The firm has a 50 day moving average of GBX 458.80 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 450.33. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 3.77 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Meggitt plc (MGGT) Given Neutral Rating at Citigroup Inc” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/meggitt-plc-mggt-given-neutral-rating-at-citigroup-inc.html. The firm also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd were issued a GBX 10.30 ($0.13) dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 2.19%. This is a boost from Meggitt plc’s previous dividend of $4.80. In other news, insider Colin R. Day purchased 25,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, March 13th. The stock was bought at an average price of GBX 453 ($5.85) per share, for a total transaction of £113,250 ($146,185.62). Also, insider Stephen G. Young sold 30,120 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 442 ($5.71), for a total transaction of £133,130.40 ($171,847.68). Insiders purchased 35,566 shares of company stock valued at $16,374,528 in the last 90 days. About Meggitt plc Meggitt PLC is an engineering company. The Company designs and manufactures high performance components and sub-systems for aerospace, defense and other specialist markets, including energy, medical, industrial, test and automotive. The Company’s segments are Meggitt Aircraft Braking Systems (MABS), Meggitt Control Systems (MCS), Meggitt Polymers & Composites (MPC), Meggitt Sensing Systems (MSS) and the Meggitt Equipment Group (MEG). Receive News & Ratings for Meggitt plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Meggitt plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: hedge fund | banks | financial services | Donald Trump Large Hedge Funds Moved Out of Financial Stocks in First Quarter (Dreamstime) Monday, 15 May 2017 04:01 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in financial companies in the first quarter as hopes for immediate tax cuts and loosening of regulations after President Donald Trump’s victory in November began to fade. Boston-based Adage Capital Management cut its position in Wells Fargo & Co, which has come under fire for its sales practices, by 3.9 million shares, according to regulatory filings, while John Burbank’s Passport Capital cut its stake in the company by 947,000 shares. Third Point cut its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co by 28 percent, to 3.75 million shares, while Suvretta Capital Management sold all of its shares of Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup Inc. Overall, financial companies in the S&P 500 were up 2.1 percent in the first quarter, compared with 5.5 percent for the index as a whole. Financials significantly outperformed the broad market following Trump's Nov. 8 election. Trump had pledged to do a "big number" on the landmark Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which raised banks’ capital requirements and restricted their ability to make speculative bets with customers’ money. The Treasury Department is still filling vacancies and will not be able to complete a review of the law by Trump’s June deadline, sources told Reuters. Quarterly disclosures of hedge fund managers' stock holdings, in what are known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are one of the few public ways of tracking what the managers are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some risk because the disclosures come out 45 days after the end of each quarter and may not reflect current positions. Bank of America Corp was one of the few large banks to gain favor among hedge fund investors in the first quarter. David Tepper’s Appaloosa Management took a new stake in the company, buying 8.7 million shares, while Dan Och’s Och-Ziff Capital Management added 12.78 million shares, increasing its position by 156 percent. Separately, several hedge fund managers added new positions in media companies. Tiger Global bought 429,000 shares of Netflix Inc. Shares of Netflix are up 29.2 percent for the year. Omega Advisors, which is facing a U.S. Securities Exchange Commission insider trading case, added positions in Netflix, AMC Networks Inc and Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Tiger did, however, halve its position in Google parent Alphabet Inc, whose shares are up 21 percent since Jan. 1. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in financial companies in the first quarter as hopes for immediate tax cuts and loosening of regulations after President Donald Trump's victory in November began to fade. hedge fund, banks, financial services, Donald Trump 403 Monday, 15 May 2017 04:01 PM 2017-01-15 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 18 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... More Price Hikes Likely for Obamacare Insurance Markets Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 12 comments Heh, Barack, Antsy Nancy, Dumb Chuck, did you notice this is just like one... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
▮ Home ▮ Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events ▮ Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More ▮ Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell ▮ Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls ▮ Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings ▮ FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar ▮ Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated ▮ Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members ▮ Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies ▮ Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News ▮ Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard ▮ Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health ▮ Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech ▮ Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones ▮ Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre ▮ Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services ▮ Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login ▮ More Free Content RSS Feeds Search ▮ Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis ▮ Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Home Business Latest Headlines Top Stories Breaking News Earnings Biotech Investors IPOs M&A Canadian UK Key Wallstreet Events Industry News Technology Software Banking Automotive Energy More Stock Alerts Active Traders Before the Bell $5 and under Intraday Updates After the Bell Corp. Calendars Dividends Stock Splits Buybacks Conference Calls Earnings Calendars Earnings Calendar Pos Pre-announcements Profit Warnings Positive Surprise Negative Surprise Latest Earnings FDA Calendars Drug Approvals Device Approvals Clinical Trial Calendar Ratings Changes Upgrades Downgrades Cov Initiations Cov. Reiterated Economy US Europe Asia Global Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Fed Members Markets Morning Mkt Analysis US Commentary European Commentary Asian Commentary Canadian Commentary Indian Commentary Commodities Bonds Currencies Politics US World White House Elections Congress General News Forex FX Top Stories Currency Analysis Currency Alerts Economic Calendar Economic Scorecard Health Hot Topics Diet & Fitness Kids Health Men's Health Women's Health Cancer News Drug Development Mental Health Tech Hot Topics Gadgets & Games Mobile Green Tech Entertainment Top Stories TV News Movie News Slide Shows Game of Thrones Music news Pop Rock Classic Rock Rap/Hip-Hop Country Alternative Oldies All Genre Content Licensing Newswires & Feeds Content Syndication Digital Signage Services Radio News Services Premium Emerging Biostocks Under The Radar Short-Term Investor NewsStream Login More Free Content RSS Feeds Search Blog Political Science / Nature Fundamental Analysis Columns Science & Tech Arts & Leisure Politics & Policy Money Commentary   E-MAIL  SHARE FONT-SIZE    Tweet Share Stocks Close Mostly Higher Amid Increase In Oil Prices - U.S. Commentary 5/15/2017 4:17 PM ET Following the mixed performance seen last week, stocks moved mostly higher during trading on Monday. With the upward move on the day, the tech-heavy Nasdaq and the S&P 500 once again climbed to new record closing highs. The major averages ended the day firmly in positive territory. The Dow rose 85.33 points or 0.4 percent to 20,981.94, the Nasdaq advanced 28.44 points or 0.5 percent to 6,149.67 and the S&P 500 climbed 11.42 points or 0.5 percent to 2,402.32. A significant increase by the price of crude oil generated some buying interest, with crude for June delivery surging up $1.01 to $48.85 a barrel. The jump in oil prices came after the Saudi Arabian and Russian energy ministers indicated an agreement to freeze oil output would be extended until March of 2018. Cybersecurity companies such as FireEye (FEYE) and Symantec (SYMC) also moved substantially higher on the heels of a widespread ransomware attack. On the U.S. economic front, the National Association of Home Builders released a report showing homebuilder confidence has unexpectedly improved in the month of May. The report said the NAHB/Wells Fargo Housing Market Index rose to 70 in May after pulling back to 68 in April. Economists had expected the index to come in unchanged compared to the previous month. Meanwhile, a separate report from the New York Federal Reserve unexpectedly showed a contraction in regional manufacturing activity in the month of May. The New York Fed said its general business conditions index fell to a negative 1.0 in May from a positive 5.2 in April, with a negative reading indicating a contraction in regional manufacturing activity. The index's pullback into negative territory came as a surprise to economists, who had expected the index to rise to a positive 7.0. Among individual stocks, shares of Patheon (PTHN) moved sharply higher after the Dutch drug ingredient maker agreed to be acquired by Thermo Fisher Scientific (TMO) for $35 per share in cash. Healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) also posted a strong gain after JPMorgan upgraded its rating on the company's stock to Overweight from Neutral. On the other hand, shares of Ionis Pharmaceuticals (IONS) came under pressure amid concerns about the side effects of its treatment for familial amyloid polyneuropathy. Sector News Steel stocks showed a strong move to the upside on the day, driving the NYSE Arca Steel Index up by 2.3 percent. The index rebounded after ending last Friday's trading at lowest closing level in six months. Ryerson (RYI), Olympic Steel (ZEUS), and Cliffs Natural Resources (CLF) turned in some of the steel sector's best performances. Considerable strength was also visible among oil service stocks, as reflected by the 1.9 percent jump by the Philadelphia Oil Service Index. The strength in the sector came amid the sharp increase by the price of crude oil. Housing stocks also saw significant strength on the heels of the upbeat homebuilder confidence data, with the Philadelphia Housing Sector Index climbing by 1.5 percent. Airline, semiconductor, and brokerage stocks also saw notable strength on the day, moving higher along with most of the other major sectors. Other Markets In overseas trading, stock markets across the Asia-Pacific region moved mostly higher on Monday. China's Shanghai Composite Index crept up by 0.2 percent, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index advanced by 0.9 percent. However, Japan's Nikkei 225 Index bucked the uptrend and dipped by 0.1 percent. The major European markets also moved modestly higher on the day. While the French CAC 40 Index edged up by 0.2 percent, the German DAX Index and the U.K.'s FTSE 100 Index both rose by 0.3 percent. In the bond market, treasuries showed a lack of direction throughout the session before closing roughly flat. As a result, the yield on the benchmark ten-year note, which moves opposite of its price, inched up by less than a basis point to 2.338 percent. Looking Ahead Trading on Tuesday may be impacted by reaction to economic reports on new residential construction and industrial production in the month of April. Housing starts are expected to climb to an annual rate of 1.260 million, while industrial production is expected to rise by 0.3 percent. On the earnings front, Home Depot (HD) and Staples (SPLS) are due to report their quarterly results before the start of trading on Tuesday. by RTT Staff Writer For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com The 10 Worst Countries in the World For Health Care africa asia health care medice hospital Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets May Surprise You The 10 Most Beloved Credit Cards, Ranked by Wallethub Previous Story Next Story More Commentary -Global European Shares To Open On Lackluster Note Sensex, Nifty Hit Fresh Record Highs In Early Trade Asian Markets Mostly Lower Sensex, Nifty Seen Opening Flat Thai Stock Market May Snap Losing Streak Indonesia Bourse Enjoys Positive Lead On Tuesday Hong Kong Stock Market Tipped To Open In The Green China Market May Test Resistance At 3,100 Points Overbought Taiwan Bourse Nonetheless Called Higher Higher Open Tipped For Singapore Stock Market Win Streak May Continue For Malaysia Bourse South Korea Market May Extend Monday's Gains Stocks Remain Mostly Positive In Mid-Day Trading - U.S. Commentary European Markets Finish Mostly Higher In Choppy Trading Stocks Hovering In Positive Territory In Morning Trading - U.S. Commentary <<Previous        104 Articles Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Follow RTT Editor's Pick Most Read Most Emailed Chick-Fil-A Serves Up First BBQ Sandwich JetBlue Boots Family Over Birthday Cake Lyft, Waymo Sign Collaboration Deal On Self-driving Cars Thermo Fisher To Buy CDMO Firm Patheon In $7.2 Bln Deal Major Cyber Attack With Stolen NSA Tools Hits Systems Worldwide Target Increases Free Shipping Minimum Scorpion Grounds United Flight From Houston Hyundai And Kia Ordered To Recall 240,000 Cars Music City Miracle: The 10 Hottest U.S. Housing Markets For 2017 Thyssenkrupp Posts Q2 Net Loss; Now Sees Net Loss In FY17; Stock Dips Allianz SE Q1 Net Profit Dips, But Operating Profit Up; Backs FY17 Profit View Whole Foods Makes Major Board Changes FDA Nod For MRK's Keytruda, SGMO Soars On Gene Therapy Deal, OMER Catches Eyes Company Spotlight: Immunomedics Gainers & Losers Of May 11: SGMO, RNN, XON, MNKD, NVCN... AKTX Falls To Disgrace, CATB Awaits Data In Q3, CORI Surges On Trial Data Deutsche Telekom Q1 Profit Plunges, Revenues Rise; Backs FY17 Forecast Uber Suffers Setback In Europe Hyundai And Kia Ordered To Recall 240,000 Cars AZN's PACIFIC Proves To Have Depth, ARDX Abuzz, No Flashy Data From ALLSTAR AstraZeneca, MedImmune Report Positive Results For Imfinzi Trial In NSCLC Macy's Q1 Results Miss View, Affirms FY17 Outlook; Shares Fall Major Cyber Attack With Stolen NSA Tools Hits Systems Worldwide Kohl's Q1 Profit Tops View, But Sales Miss Company Spotlight: Immunomedics Sprint And Softbank Reportedly Begin Merger Talks With T-Mobile Loxo Oncology: FDA Grants Orphan Drug Designation To Larotrectinib BD Reports Purchase Of Additional Shares By Underwriters In Equity Offerings Richemont FY16 Profit Declines; Increases Dividend - Quick Facts Nissan Contributes €811 Mln To Renault's Earning EARNINGS SUMMARY: Details of UQM Technologies Inc. Q1 Earnings Report Kohl's Turns Lower After Seeing Initial Strength TELUS Updates 2017 Financial Targets - Quick Facts Kelly Services Q1 Profit Advances 85% Himax Technologies Inc. Reveals 87% Fall In Q1 Earnings Melrose Industries Says Current Trading In Line With View Copyright © 2017 RTTNews. All rights reserved. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Service. About Us   |   Privacy   |   Feedback   |   Sitemap
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Number Cruncher Strategy Lab Carrick Talks Money Research Reports Home» Globe Investor» Investment Ideas Morning commuters walk on Wall Street in New York's financial district September 5, 2013. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) Morning commuters walk on Wall Street in New York's financial district September 5, 2013. (BRENDAN MCDERMID/REUTERS) Large hedge funds moved out of financial stocks in first quarter Add to ... David Randall and Svea Herbst-Bayliss NEW YORK — Reuters Published Monday, May 15, 2017 3:55PM EDT Last updated Monday, May 15, 2017 3:55PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in financial companies in the first quarter as hopes for immediate tax cuts and loosening of regulations after President Donald Trump’s victory in November began to fade. Boston-based Adage Capital Management cut its position in Wells Fargo & Co, which has come under fire for its sales practices, by 3.9 million shares, according to regulatory filings, while John Burbank’s Passport Capital cut its stake in the company by 947,000 shares. Third Point cut its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co by 28 percent, to 3.75 million shares, while Suvretta Capital Management sold all of its shares of Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup Inc. Overall, financial companies in the S&P 500 were up 2.1 percent in the first quarter, compared with 5.5 percent for the index as a whole. Financials significantly outperformed the broad market following Trump’s Nov. 8 election. Trump had pledged to do a “big number” on the landmark Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which raised banks’ capital requirements and restricted their ability to make speculative bets with customers’ money. The Treasury Department is still filling vacancies and will not be able to complete a review of the law by Trump’s June deadline, sources told Reuters. Quarterly disclosures of hedge fund managers’ stock holdings, in what are known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are one of the few public ways of tracking what the managers are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some risk because the disclosures come out 45 days after the end of each quarter and may not reflect current positions. Bank of America Corp was one of the few large banks to gain favor among hedge fund investors in the first quarter. David Tepper’s Appaloosa Management took a new stake in the company, buying 8.7 million shares, while Dan Och’s Och-Ziff Capital Management added 12.78 million shares, increasing its position by 156 percent. Separately, several hedge fund managers added new positions in media companies. Tiger Global bought 429,000 shares of Netflix Inc. Shares of Netflix are up 29.2 percent for the year. Omega Advisors, which is facing a U.S. Securities Exchange Commission insider trading case, added positions in Netflix, AMC Networks Inc and Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Tiger did, however, halve its position in Google parent Alphabet Inc, whose shares are up 21 percent since Jan. 1. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail Trump promises to roll back bank regulations (The Associated Press)   BAC-NBank of America Corp Latest Price$24.06 0.00 (0.00%) WFC-NWells Fargo & Co Latest Price$53.32 0.00 (0.00%) JPM-NJPMorgan Chase & Co Latest Price$87.34 0.00 (0.00%) MS-NMorgan Stanley Latest Price$43.43 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 15 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Trump review of Wall Street rules to be done in stages Investor Newsletter Don't fear a banking sector meltdown, an unglamorous stock gem, and how to pick a better GIC Barclays rejigs global investment banking team, seeks new hires: sources Topics Citigroup Inc. Banking Wells Fargo & Co. Morgan Stanley JPMorgan Chase & Co. Financial Services Bank of America Corporation Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever Report on Business Carrick Talks Money: Canadians are good borrowers, but it may come at a cost Globe Drive Move over Ferrari, McLaren is here to take your supercar crown Technology SpaceX successfully launches Falcon 9 rocket News Trump revealed intelligence secrets to Russia: officials Life Chef Basics: Create the perfect brunch with these crispy and delicious rösti News North Korea's latest missile launch is 'warning' to enemies News White House: 'No need for special prosecutor' on Russia Technology Canadian scientists discover narwhals using their tusks to hunt fish News Seattle appeals court hears arguments on Trump's immigration ban Arts Artist creates tattoos you can hear Report on Business Lyft and Waymo partner for self-driving car program ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor Canada’s top charities for high-net-worth donors Arts Memorial University’s Alex Marland wins $50,000 Donner Prize Most popular BC Liberals planning to introduce reworked, Green Party-influenced budget Trump revealed classified information to Russia's foreign minister at White House meeting: officials May 16: Your daily horoscope One Belt, One Road: China offers new roads, trains and ports – but here’s what it wants in return Five firefighters face union charges for volunteering in home communities X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Large hedge funds moved out of financial stocks in first quarter Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money | Mon May 15, 2017 | 3:52pm EDT Large hedge funds moved out of financial stocks in first quarter John Burbank III, founder of Passport Capital, speaks on a panel at the annual Skybridge Alternatives Conference (SALT) in Las Vegas May 7, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking By David Randall and Svea Herbst-Bayliss | NEW YORK NEW YORK Several big-name hedge fund investors trimmed their stakes in financial companies in the first quarter as hopes for immediate tax cuts and loosening of regulations after President Donald Trump’s victory in November began to fade. Boston-based Adage Capital Management cut its position in Wells Fargo & Co, which has come under fire for its sales practices, by 3.9 million shares, according to regulatory filings, while John Burbank’s Passport Capital cut its stake in the company by 947,000 shares. Third Point cut its stake in JPMorgan Chase & Co by 28 percent, to 3.75 million shares, while Suvretta Capital Management sold all of its shares of Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup Inc. Overall, financial companies in the S&P 500 were up 2.1 percent in the first quarter, compared with 5.5 percent for the index as a whole. Financials significantly outperformed the broad market following Trump's Nov. 8 election. Trump had pledged to do a "big number" on the landmark Dodd-Frank financial reform law, which raised banks’ capital requirements and restricted their ability to make speculative bets with customers’ money. The Treasury Department is still filling vacancies and will not be able to complete a review of the law by Trump’s June deadline, sources told Reuters. Quarterly disclosures of hedge fund managers' stock holdings, in what are known as 13F filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, are one of the few public ways of tracking what the managers are selling and buying. But relying on the filings to develop an investment strategy comes with some risk because the disclosures come out 45 days after the end of each quarter and may not reflect current positions. Bank of America Corp was one of the few large banks to gain favor among hedge fund investors in the first quarter. David Tepper’s Appaloosa Management took a new stake in the company, buying 8.7 million shares, while Dan Och’s Och-Ziff Capital Management added 12.78 million shares, increasing its position by 156 percent. Separately, several hedge fund managers added new positions in media companies. Tiger Global bought 429,000 shares of Netflix Inc. Shares of Netflix are up 29.2 percent for the year. Omega Advisors, which is facing a U.S. Securities Exchange Commission insider trading case, added positions in Netflix, AMC Networks Inc and Sinclair Broadcast Group Inc. Tiger did, however, halve its position in Google parent Alphabet Inc, whose shares are up 21 percent since Jan. 1. (Reporting by David Randall and Svea Herbst-Bayliss; Editing by Steve Orlofsky) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money Soros Fund Management ups Goldman stake, buys Snap shares in first quarter NEW YORK Soros Fund Management LLC, founded by billionaire investor George Soros, boosted the firm's share stake in Goldman Sachs Group Inc by nearly 40 percent during the first quarter and also purchased shares in Snap Inc, parent of the wildly popular Snapchat messaging app, during the first three months of the year, regulatory filings on Monday showed. Several top fund managers trim Allergan stakes in first quarter NEW YORK Six closely watched investors sliced their stakes in Allergan Plc during the first quarter, recent regulatory disclosures show, cutting what had been one of the years' best performing health stocks that has stumbled in recent days. Philadelphia sues Wells Fargo, alleges predatory lending The City of Philadelphia sued Wells Fargo & Co on Monday, accusing the largest U.S. mortgage lender of predatory lending, which violates the federal Fair Housing Act. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Jeld-Wen Holding Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jeld-Wen Holding Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News LS Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Macy's Inc (M) LS Investment Advisors LLC Boosts Position in BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Has $549,000 Position in Conagra Brands Inc (CAG) CBS Co. (CBS) Stake Held by Hourglass Capital LLC Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $4.768 Million Position in Hartford Financial Services Group Inc (HIG) Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Shares Bought by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Realty Income Corp (O) Stake Boosted by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Harris Co. (HRS) Stake Decreased by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Crown Castle International Corp. (REIT) (CCI) Position Reduced by LS Investment Advisors LLC Royal Bank of Canada Raises Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Price Target to $37.00 Equifax Inc. (EFX) Shares Sold by Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Mark J. Rittenbaum Sells 1,300 Shares of Greenbrier Companies Inc (GBX) Stock Douglas H. Sass Acquires 3,500 Shares of Bank of SC Co. (BKSC) Stock Insider Selling: Brink's Company (BCO) Insider Sells $58,250.50 in Stock Lucara Diamond Corp (LUC) Director Sells C$65,000.00 in Stock Zacks: Brokerages Expect CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Will Announce Earnings of $0.21 Per Share Barrington Research Raises InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK) Price Target to $13.00 Roth Capital Lowers The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) to Neutral HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Receives $43.67 Average Target Price from Analysts Cowen and Company Cuts Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Price Target to $12.00 Royal Bank of Canada Raises Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Price Target to $37.00 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (NYSE:JELD) had its price target hoisted by Royal Bank of Canada from $35.00 to $37.00 in a report published on Wednesday morning. They currently have an outperform rating on the stock. JELD has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Wedbush assumed coverage on Jeld-Wen Holding in a report on Friday, February 3rd. They issued an outperform rating and a $31.00 target price for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. assumed coverage on Jeld-Wen Holding in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued a neutral rating and a $32.00 target price for the company. Barclays PLC assumed coverage on Jeld-Wen Holding in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an overweight rating and a $35.00 target price for the company. Robert W. Baird assumed coverage on Jeld-Wen Holding in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued an outperform rating and a $34.00 target price for the company. Finally, SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on Jeld-Wen Holding in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. They issued a hold rating and a $31.00 target price for the company. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of $34.00. Jeld-Wen Holding (NYSE:JELD) traded down 0.40% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $32.01. The stock had a trading volume of 432,293 shares. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $32.55 and its 200-day moving average price is $31.27. Jeld-Wen Holding has a 1-year low of $24.95 and a 1-year high of $34.40. The stock’s market cap is $3.36 billion. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Royal Bank of Canada Raises Jeld-Wen Holding Inc (JELD) Price Target to $37.00” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/royal-bank-of-canada-raises-jeld-wen-holding-inc-jeld-price-target-to-37-00.html. Several hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in JELD. Legal & General Group Plc acquired a new stake in Jeld-Wen Holding during the first quarter worth about $130,000. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. acquired a new stake in Jeld-Wen Holding during the first quarter worth about $138,000. Foresters Investment Management Company Inc. acquired a new stake in Jeld-Wen Holding during the first quarter worth about $237,000. Strs Ohio acquired a new stake in Jeld-Wen Holding during the first quarter worth about $243,000. Finally, KCG Holdings Inc. acquired a new stake in Jeld-Wen Holding during the first quarter worth about $280,000. Jeld-Wen Holding Company Profile JELD-WEN Holding, Inc is a door and window manufacturer. The Company designs, produces and distributes a range of interior and exterior doors, wood, vinyl and aluminum windows, and related products for use in the new construction and repair and remodeling, of residential homes, and to an extent, non-residential buildings. Receive News & Ratings for Jeld-Wen Holding Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Jeld-Wen Holding Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Minerals Technologies Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stericycle (SRCL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Nasdaq (NDAQ) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Minerals Technologies (MTX) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Shares Down 0.9% on Analyst Downgrade Presidio Inc (PSDO) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade A B. Krongard Sells 4,717 Shares of Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Boosts Position in Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.027 Million Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.583 Million Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) SVP Sells $88,877.85 in Stock Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Shares Sold by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Shares Sold by Trust Co. of Vermont Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Position Boosted by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.034 Million Stake in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Purchases 1,631 Shares of ResMed Inc. (RMD) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Reduced by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Zacks Investment Research Lowers Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) to Sell EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Home Capital Group (HMCBF) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Macquarie Minerals Technologies (MTX) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Headlines about Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) have been trending positive recently, Alpha One reports. The research group, a service of Accern, scores the sentiment of press coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Minerals Technologies earned a daily sentiment score of 0.31 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave headlines about the basic materials company an impact score of 20 out of 100, meaning that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next few days. Here are some of the headlines that may have effected Alpha One Sentiment’s rankings: Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research (americanbankingnews.com) Analysts Set $80.00 Target Price for Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) (americanbankingnews.com) MTX Makes Notable Cross Below Critical Moving Average (nasdaq.com) Edited Transcript of MTX earnings conference call or presentation 5-May-17 3:00pm GMT (finance.yahoo.com) ETFs with exposure to Minerals Technologies, Inc. : May 9, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) MTX has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Minerals Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, April 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of Minerals Technologies from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $80.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Friday, March 24th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) traded up 0.20% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $74.75. 57,751 shares of the stock were exchanged. Minerals Technologies has a 12-month low of $51.29 and a 12-month high of $83.85. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $76.41 and a 200-day moving average of $76.77. The stock has a market cap of $2.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.72 and a beta of 2.04. Minerals Technologies (NYSE:MTX) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The basic materials company reported $1.07 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.04 by $0.03. Minerals Technologies had a net margin of 8.14% and a return on equity of 15.57%. The firm had revenue of $405 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $401.63 million. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.02 earnings per share. Minerals Technologies’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Minerals Technologies will post $4.72 earnings per share for the current year. In related news, insider Douglas W. Mayger sold 790 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $79.08, for a total value of $62,473.20. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 31,554 shares in the company, valued at $2,495,290.32. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Company insiders own 3.70% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Minerals Technologies (MTX) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/minerals-technologies-mtx-earns-media-sentiment-rating-of-0-31.html. About Minerals Technologies Minerals Technologies Inc is a resource- and technology-based company that develops, produces and markets a range of specialty mineral, mineral-based and synthetic mineral products and supporting systems and services around the world. It operates through five segments. The Specialty Minerals produces and sells the synthetic mineral product precipitated calcium carbonate (PCC) and processed mineral product quicklime (lime). Receive News & Ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Minerals Technologies Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Inogen Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Brokerages Expect CoBiz Financial Inc (COBZ) Will Announce Earnings of $0.21 Per Share Barrington Research Raises InnerWorkings, Inc. (INWK) Price Target to $13.00 Roth Capital Lowers The Hackett Group, Inc. (HCKT) to Neutral HD Supply Holdings Inc (HDS) Receives $43.67 Average Target Price from Analysts Cowen and Company Cuts Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Price Target to $12.00 Inogen Inc (INGN) Price Target Raised to $75.00 Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes for Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB) Infineon Technologies AG (IFNNY) Lifted to “Buy” at Zacks Investment Research Investment Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for KEMET (KEM) Electronic Arts’ (EA) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Stericycle (SRCL) Earns Daily Media Sentiment Rating of 0.33 Nasdaq (NDAQ) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows Minerals Technologies (MTX) Earns Media Sentiment Rating of 0.31 Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Shares Down 0.9% on Analyst Downgrade Presidio Inc (PSDO) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade A B. Krongard Sells 4,717 Shares of Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Boosts Position in Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.027 Million Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.583 Million Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Inogen Inc (INGN) Price Target Raised to $75.00 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Inogen Inc (NASDAQ:INGN) had its price target boosted by Stifel Nicolaus from $65.00 to $75.00 in a research report sent to investors on Wednesday. They currently have a hold rating on the medical technology company’s stock. Several other equities analysts have also commented on INGN. Needham & Company LLC started coverage on Inogen in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a strong-buy rating for the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Inogen from a strong-buy rating to a hold rating in a research report on Monday, February 6th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $78.00 price target on Inogen and gave the stock a buy rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 1st. TheStreet raised Inogen from a c rating to a b- rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 28th. Finally, Sidoti initiated coverage on Inogen in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th. They issued a neutral rating and a $79.00 price target for the company. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, three have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Inogen has an average rating of Buy and a consensus price target of $80.33. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) traded up 0.02% on Wednesday, hitting $82.03. 98,566 shares of the company were exchanged. Inogen has a 52 week low of $43.16 and a 52 week high of $88.61. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $79.54 and a 200 day moving average of $69.28. The company has a market capitalization of $1.68 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 84.57 and a beta of 1.07. Inogen (NASDAQ:INGN) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The medical technology company reported $0.27 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.12 by $0.15. The business had revenue of $52.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $49.06 million. Inogen had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 7.70%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $0.12 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Inogen will post $1.04 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Inogen Inc (INGN) Price Target Raised to $75.00” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/inogen-inc-ingn-price-target-raised-to-75-00.html. In other news, EVP Alison Bauerlein sold 6,666 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 10th. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.24, for a total value of $554,877.84. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 25,758 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,144,095.92. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. Also, EVP Brenton Taylor sold 3,750 shares of Inogen stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.07, for a total value of $262,762.50. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 31,851 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,231,799.57. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 25,416 shares of company stock valued at $1,990,465. 5.18% of the stock is owned by insiders. Several institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of INGN. Peregrine Capital Management LLC raised its position in Inogen by 4.9% in the first quarter. Peregrine Capital Management LLC now owns 397,789 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $30,510,000 after buying an additional 18,543 shares in the last quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 2.6% in the fourth quarter. Cadence Capital Management LLC now owns 15,312 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $1,029,000 after buying an additional 393 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Inogen by 0.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Investment Management LLC now owns 67,727 shares of the medical technology company’s stock valued at $4,057,000 after buying an additional 449 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank acquired a new stake in Inogen during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $18,813,000. Finally, Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. acquired a new stake in Inogen during the third quarter valued at approximately $211,000. Inogen Company Profile Inogen, Inc is a medical technology company. The Company develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators used to deliver supplemental long-term oxygen therapy to patients suffering from chronic respiratory conditions. The Company’s Inogen One systems concentrate the air around the patient to offer a single source of supplemental oxygen anytime, anywhere with a portable device. Receive News & Ratings for Inogen Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Inogen Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Presidio Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Presidio Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Shares Down 0.9% on Analyst Downgrade Presidio Inc (PSDO) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade A B. Krongard Sells 4,717 Shares of Under Armour Inc (UA) Stock Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Boosts Position in Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.027 Million Stake in Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Boosts Stake in Foot Locker, Inc. (FL) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.583 Million Position in Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) SVP Sells $88,877.85 in Stock Ventas, Inc. (VTR) Shares Sold by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Simon Property Group Inc (SPG) Shares Sold by Trust Co. of Vermont Skyworks Solutions Inc (SWKS) Position Boosted by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Has $1.034 Million Stake in CenterPoint Energy, Inc. (CNP) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Purchases 1,631 Shares of ResMed Inc. (RMD) Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Stake Reduced by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Zacks Investment Research Lowers Eagle Pharmaceuticals Inc (EGRX) to Sell EXACT Sciences Co. (EXAS) Raised to Buy at Vetr Inc. Home Capital Group (HMCBF) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Macquarie Lululemon Athletica inc. (LULU) Downgraded by Vetr Inc. Humana Inc (HUM) PT Lowered to $216.00 at Deutsche Bank AG Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) Price Target Raised to $114.00 Presidio Inc (PSDO) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Presidio Inc (NASDAQ:PSDO) gapped down before the market opened on Monday after Royal Bank of Canada lowered their price target on the stock from $19.00 to $18.00. The stock had previously closed at $14.84, but opened at $14.42. Royal Bank of Canada currently has an outperform rating on the stock. Presidio shares last traded at $14.64, with a volume of 142,189 shares. Other equities research analysts also recently issued reports about the stock. Evercore ISI began coverage on shares of Presidio in a report on Monday, April 3rd. They set an “outperform” rating and a $19.00 price target for the company. Citigroup Inc started coverage on shares of Presidio in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $19.00 price target for the company. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Presidio in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued an “outperform” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. started coverage on shares of Presidio in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG started coverage on shares of Presidio in a report on Tuesday, April 4th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $18.00 target price for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $18.00. In other Presidio news, Director Steven J. Lerner acquired 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Friday, March 10th. The stock was bought at an average cost of $14.00 per share, for a total transaction of $140,000.00. Following the completion of the purchase, the director now directly owns 10,000 shares in the company, valued at $140,000. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in PSDO. Jennison Associates LLC acquired a new stake in Presidio during the first quarter valued at about $15,357,000. American Century Companies Inc. acquired a new stake in Presidio during the first quarter valued at about $10,293,000. Three Peaks Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Presidio during the first quarter valued at about $7,837,000. Sei Investments Co. acquired a new stake in Presidio during the first quarter valued at about $528,000. Finally, Hood River Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in Presidio during the first quarter valued at about $10,418,000. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.05 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $14.25 and a 200-day moving average of $14.25. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Presidio Inc (PSDO) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/presidio-inc-psdo-shares-gap-down-after-analyst-downgrade.html. Presidio Company Profile Presidio, Inc is a United States-based company, which is an information technology (IT) solutions provider. The Company’s services include strategy and consulting, solutions design and deployment, managed services, asset maintenance and support, financing services, global services and carrier connectivity. Receive News & Ratings for Presidio Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Presidio Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Labor Force Stands in Way of Trump's 3% Growth Goal The Wall Street Journal. Nick Timiraos and Andrew Tangel 15 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Chinese imports could imperil 65,000 US jobs in this industry Worst news for economy might be coming from banks, not retail Ariens Co., a maker of lawnmowers and snowblowers, faces a bottleneck in its plans to raise production 40%. It can’t find enough workers. Quotes in the article Macy's Inc M ▼ 23.21 -0.40 -1.69% Luxottica Group SpA LUX ▲ 60.32 +0.44 +0.73% Camden Property Trust CPT ▼ 81.67 -0.33 -0.40% Stellus Capital Investment Corp SCM ▲ 14.36 +0.13 +0.91% AdChoices The Brillion, Wis., company bused some Somali refugees from nearby Green Bay to help, but they weren’t enough, and it is spending up to $15,000 a month on recruiting. “We see the demand right in front us,” said Chief Executive Dan Ariens. “It’s very frustrating.” His lament points to an issue at the heart of President Donald Trump’s economic agenda. The president has laid out a goal of getting the U.S. economy, which has expanded at less than a 2% average rate for the past decade, to grow at above a 3% rate over the long term. Two stubborn obstacles stand in his way. The work force isn’t producing enough new workers, and the productivity of those working isn’t growing fast enough. In the long term, an economy can’t expand faster than the combined growth rates of its working population and their output per hour. That combined number, in many economists’ projections for the next decade, is about 1.8%. This is also the long-run growth rate projected for the economy by Federal Reserve officials. Mr. Trump’s advisers say their policies can deliver 3% to 4% growth year after year, the kind of prosperity the U.S. saw during the 1980s and 1990s—in effect expanding what is considered the economy’s long-term potential. A note on a framed newspaper article in Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin’s office is even more ambitious. The article announced his Cabinet selection, and Mr. Trump signed it in felt-tip pen with the added note “5% GDP.” Faster growth could push up household incomes, which are stuck below their 1999 peak when adjusted for inflation. Such growth would also make it easier for the administration to secure large cuts in corporate and individual tax rates, boost military spending, and maintain Social Security and Medicare without running larger deficits. Asked in April about potentially higher deficits from rate cuts in the tax plan, Mr. Mnuchin said, “The plan will pay for itself with growth.” If the economy expands at around a 3% rate over the next decade—a projection Mr. Mnuchin says the administration will make in its budget proposal later this month—government revenue over that time should be $3.7 trillion more than currently forecast, according to estimates by economists at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. The projection assumes no change in tax rates. That would be enough money to build 292 aircraft carriers. It would fund 28 million additional months of Social Security payments for the average beneficiary. Mr. Trump wants to spur the economy partly by improving the nation’s trade position. Less red tape could help business operate more efficiently. A tax overhaul could give companies more incentive to invest and give individuals more desire to work, not to mention more disposable income to shop with. Trump advisers also are hopeful that improved confidence and short-term economic news would spur capital spending that makes business more productive. Finding the labor for this higher-functioning economy could be a challenge. Over the past decade, the population aged 25 to 54, known as the prime age, has been growing at just 0.1% annually. When the U.S. had consistent 3% economic growth in the 1980s, the prime-age population was expanding at a brisk 2.2% rate, thanks to the post-World War II baby boom. Work-force participation rates, meanwhile, have flattened out lately for women and declined for decades among men. At Macy’s Inc., Chief Executive and President Jeff Gennette hit on a plan for growth with a 2015 agreement with Luxottica Group SpA to open LensCrafters shops in department stores. The plan is hobbled by a shortage of optometrists. “We are taking all of the graduating classes right now, and it is going to take us a full year to…satisfy the expansion that we have,” Mr. Gennette said at a retail conference. Without faster growth in workers, the labor force would need to churn out goods and services much more productively to give the economy room to grow at a 3%-a-year rate over an extended period. The trend is the opposite. Workers’ output per hour in the nonfarm business sector has been increasing only by 0.7% a year since 2010. Many economists see that picking up in coming months, perhaps doubling. Meeting Mr. Trump’s objective, though, would need “the type of growth we often refer to as productivity miracles,” said Michael Feroli, chief U.S. economist at J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. The contours of growth and the labor market are likely to influence the pace by which the Fed drains its easy money from the financial system. If growth advances and productivity does too, policy makers may be able to keep interest rates lower for longer because productivity growth holds down inflation. Companies can boost profit margins and hold down costs, and thus inflation, when they can produce more goods and services with fewer workers. If, on the other hand, the administration’s policies boost demand without drawing in new workers or raising their productivity, the growth that results could be harder to sustain because it would produce inflation. The Fed would feel additional pressure to raise interest rates to prevent the economy from overheating. With the unemployment rate now at 4.4% and operating at a level economists consider to be “full employment,” meaning the economy produces as many jobs as it can without spurring inflation, the labor market provides little room for the kind of economic surge that marked the 1980s. “Strong growth during the Reagan years was driving unemployment from 10% to full employment. We can’t do that trick again,” said Joel Prakken, senior managing director of Macroeconomic Advisers, a forecasting firm. The Trump administration has faced internal tensions over its growth forecast. Officials ultimately settled on economic growth forecasts in its upcoming budget proposal to Congress that will show the economy reaching 3% growth after two years, according to Mr. Mnuchin. The president is pushing some policies that work against economic growth. Relatively low birthrates and an aging population mean immigration is the source of nearly all of the work force’s net increase, so its growth rate would be even lower if legal immigration were curbed. That makes boosting productivity all the more important if the economy is to get onto a faster growth plane. Home builders are wrestling with both issues. The real-estate crisis a decade ago washed many skilled workers out the construction labor force. At Camden Property Trust, this dearth has extended the time it takes to build a low-rise apartment complex to 24 months from 18. “I’m often paying unskilled workers more money, and I have to pay someone else to come in and fix crooked walls and moldings and cabinets that don’t connect,” said CEO Ric Campo of Camden, which operates in 16 markets and is based in Houston. Camden uses efficiencies such as prefabricated concrete building panels and roof trusses, “but there hasn’t been a huge breakthrough yet where we can lower costs dramatically,” said Mr. Campo. “You have a nail gun instead of a hammer, OK? But you still have to line it up and pull the trigger.” Productivity in construction has contracted at a 1% annual rate since 1995, according to a study by McKinsey Global Institute, the research arm of McKinsey & Co., due in part to reliance on unskilled workers and in part to government red tape. Joel Shine, chief executive of builder Woodside Homes Inc., visited Kyoto, Japan, to see how firms there use automation in home construction. He thinks it would take at least a decade for the innovations to become mainstream in the U.S., in part because they would require building-code changes. State and local rules often play as big a role for his business as the federal government. Higher permitting fees, for instance, have raised construction costs in California towns. “There are a lot of places if you gave me a raw lot for free—for free!—I could not even come close to building an entry-level house,” Mr. Shine said. Immigration restrictions would make growth harder, he added. “We’re somewhat uniquely capable of helping the administration get to where they want to go, but they can’t ask us to do that and then make immigration impossible,” Mr. Shine said. White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, who once ran his family’s real-estate business, disputed that premise and pointed to millions of prime-age workers who aren’t in the labor force. “If you created economic opportunity and jobs that they want, they would come back,” Mr. Mulvaney said. “So I’m not worried about the tightness of the labor supply.” If that proves insufficient, the onus will be on productivity. It isn’t easy either to measure or to predict. The U.S. economy enjoyed a boom in productivity from around 1995 through 2004, a spurt few economists foresaw. By 2003, the conventional wisdom had reversed and economists polled by The Wall Street Journal were expecting productivity growth to continue unimpeded. Instead, it slumped. The weakness reflects a sustained deceleration in the pace of innovation and investment. Capital investment growth slowed sharply during and after the 2007-09 recession. Goldman economists see evidence that the slowdown has been cyclical, driven by the financial crisis, and now could be changing. Mr. Ariens, the snowblower executive, offers one bit of evidence. He plans to spend $9 million this year on factory upgrades, including advanced metal-stamping machines that could do the work of a dozen workers. Some productivity optimists say gains from new technology will build in the years ahead. They see businesses incorporating a backlog of innovations in artificial intelligence, from self-driving vehicles to the processing of routine clerical work. A paper from four growth specialists published by the Brookings Institution in March takes a dimmer view. It maintains that almost the entire shortfall in output during the recent expansion reflects long-term forces unrelated to the financial crisis and recession, including a drop in a measure of economic dynamism called “total factor productivity.” That measure reflects how efficiently labor and capital are used. Many economists say well-designed cuts in taxes and regulations could deliver a lift to the U.S. economy that would nudge growth to 3% for a year or two. They are less confident it could be sustained. Dale Jorgenson, a Harvard University economist who specializes in growth accounting, thinks that the economy should expand 1.8% annually over the next decade, but that a well-designed tax-code overhaul might boost the long-term growth rate to 2.4%. “In some respects,” said James Stock, a Harvard colleague and veteran of the Obama administration, “2.5% growth could be the new 4%, in that it would still be a significant accomplishment.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal How Immigration Uncertainty Threatens America's Tech Dominance The Wall Street Journal. Sony Says It Won't Sell Movie Unit The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Mirror, Mirror, Which Asset Class Is the Sleepiest of Them All? by Luke Kawa @LJKawa More stories by Luke Kawa May 15, 2017, 12:10 PM EDT Realized volatility below long-term mean in nearly all assets JPMorgan strategists warn that term premia are ‘too low’ Traders Seek Protection Amid Low Market Volatility Equity volatility is starting to evoke comparisons to Snow White -- and for good reason. With implied price swings at the lowest levels in more than 20 years, traders are wondering if anything can awaken stocks from their slumber. In this regard, equities are far from alone. Given how nearly every asset class is seeing subdued levels of realized volatility, it’s more like the princess and all her seven dwarfs are named Sleepy. The S&P 500 Index has the lowest levels of 13-week realized volatility relative to its 10-year average of the above chart, with the MSCI Emerging Markets Index not too far behind. Only West Texas Intermediate crude oil -- ironically, the only asset class which is being actively managed in a bid for stability -- is seeing levels of 13-week realized volatility above its 10-year average. Amid fears that this low-vol environment will end in tears, strategists at JPMorgan Chase & Co. don’t see the majority of markets as exhibiting unjust levels of complacency. "We do not consider all risk premia too low, and do not see that much risk in the future," write a team led by Jan Loeys, head of global asset allocation. But if there is a nasty wake-up call ahead, look for the bond market to sound the alarm, they warn. "Term premia on U.S. Treasuries remain negative, 1.5 sigma below their long-term mean, and are indeed too low to us," says Loeys, who recommends that investors stay short duration in developed-market bonds. Many episodes of widespread risk aversion over the past five years have had their roots in or been greatly exacerbated by developments in the bond market, including the taper tantrum of 2013, the bund tantrum of 2015, and ’quantitative tightening’ following the surprise devaluation of the yuan. "The medium-term forces of high global saving and below-normal capex should hold yields well below previous cycles," JPMorgan’s team concludes. "But stronger second-quarter growth and the coming Fed should push yields higher in the range." And watch out for those poisoned apples. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Attack Man Who Helped Bury Lehman Turns to Saving Troubled Noble This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch Brace for Chaos If U.S. Expands Airline Laptop Ban Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Onconova Therapeutics Inc (ONTX) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Upgraded to Buy by Sidoti Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) a $70.00 Price Target Pacira Pharmaceuticals’ (PCRX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Stake Raised by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Boosted by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Comerica Bank Has $5.14 Million Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Position Raised by Comerica Bank CLS Investments LLC Invests $421,000 in National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Has $5.334 Million Stake in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Texas Yale Capital Corp. Purchases 1,000 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Joint Corp (JYNT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.12 Aspen Investment Management Inc Maintains Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Position Boosted by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Stock analysts at Jefferies Group LLC began coverage on shares of Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NASDAQ:NETS) in a research report issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm set a “buy” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective suggests a potential upside of 13.43% from the company’s previous close. NETS has been the topic of a number of other reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc initiated coverage on shares of Netshoes (CAYMAN) in a research note on Monday, May 8th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $24.50 price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. began coverage on shares of Netshoes (CAYMAN) in a research note on Monday, May 8th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $18.00 target price on the stock. Finally, Bradesco Corretora reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $26.00 target price on shares of Netshoes (CAYMAN) in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Netshoes (NASDAQ:NETS) traded up 7.70% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $18.04. The company had a trading volume of 252,328 shares. The firm’s market capitalization is $385.46 million. Netshoes has a 1-year low of $12.49 and a 1-year high of $18.15. The company has a 50 day moving average price of $14.30 and a 200 day moving average price of $14.30. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/netshoes-cayman-ltd-nets-now-covered-by-jefferies-group-llc.html. Netshoes (CAYMAN) Company Profile Netshoes (Cayman) Limited is a sports and lifestyle online retailer in Latin America. The Company focuses on offering an online consumer platform in Latin America. The Company operates through two segments: Brazil and International. The Company operates in Brazil, Argentina, and Mexico. The Brazil segment consists of retail sales of consumer products from all of its verticals (which includes sales of sporting goods and related garments, as well as fashion and beauty goods) carried out through its sites Netshoes.com.br and Zattini.com.br and third-party sites that it manages, as well as its business to business offline operation. Receive News & Ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Onconova Therapeutics Inc (ONTX) Given a $6.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Power Integrations Inc (POWI) Upgraded to Buy by Sidoti Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Buy Rating Reiterated at Credit Suisse Group AG Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Give Ross Stores, Inc. (ROST) a $70.00 Price Target Pacira Pharmaceuticals’ (PCRX) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Netshoes (CAYMAN) Ltd (NETS) Now Covered by Jefferies Group LLC National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Lowered to Neutral at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Stake Raised by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Stake Boosted by Ray Gerald L & Associates Ltd. Comerica Bank Has $5.14 Million Position in Minerals Technologies Inc (MTX) American Campus Communities, Inc. (ACC) Position Raised by Comerica Bank CLS Investments LLC Invests $421,000 in National-Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Has $5.334 Million Stake in Maxim Integrated Products Inc. (MXIM) Southern Copper Corp (SCCO) Position Raised by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Texas Yale Capital Corp. Purchases 1,000 Shares of Williams Companies Inc (WMB) Joint Corp (JYNT) Receives Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.12 Aspen Investment Management Inc Maintains Stake in Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Plains All American Pipeline, L.P. (PAA) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Report Shows Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. (NUS) Position Boosted by BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (NASDAQ:REGN)‘s stock had its “hold” rating reiterated by analysts at Cowen and Company in a research report issued on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. They presently have a $380.00 price objective on the biopharmaceutical company’s stock. Cowen and Company’s price objective points to a potential downside of 14.04% from the company’s current price. REGN has been the subject of a number of other research reports. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. started coverage on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Thursday, March 16th. They issued a “hold” rating for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $440.00 target price on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Sunday, January 22nd. Leerink Swann set a $448.00 target price on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Canaccord Genuity set a $450.00 price objective on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, BTIG Research reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $460.00 price objective on shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $433.95. Shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) traded up 1.8414% during midday trading on Monday, hitting $450.1899. 490,434 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $389.96 and a 200-day moving average of $378.29. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals has a 52 week low of $325.35 and a 52 week high of $452.96. The firm has a market cap of $47.53 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 54.4958 and a beta of 1.44. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:REGN) last released its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The biopharmaceutical company reported $2.92 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.50 by $0.42. The business had revenue of $1.32 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.30 billion. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals had a net margin of 18.10% and a return on equity of 22.51%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 9.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $2.57 earnings per share. Equities research analysts expect that Regeneron Pharmaceuticals will post $12.67 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Regeneron Pharmaceuticals’ (REGN) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Cowen and Company” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/regeneron-pharmaceuticals-regn-hold-rating-reaffirmed-at-cowen-and-company.html. In other Regeneron Pharmaceuticals news, Director Michael S. Brown sold 1,000 shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $400.00, for a total value of $400,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 1,000 shares in the company, valued at approximately $400,000. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. 10.40% of the stock is owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Live Your Vision LLC purchased a new position in shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $157,000. Fagan Associates Inc. boosted its position in shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 115.2% in the third quarter. Fagan Associates Inc. now owns 1,765 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $710,000 after buying an additional 945 shares during the last quarter. Ngam Advisors L.P. purchased a new position in shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals during the third quarter valued at approximately $28,309,000. Boston Common Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 26.5% in the third quarter. Boston Common Asset Management LLC now owns 11,592 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $4,660,000 after buying an additional 2,431 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in shares of Regeneron Pharmaceuticals by 3.6% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 197,217 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock valued at $79,285,000 after buying an additional 6,801 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 68.83% of the company’s stock. Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biopharmaceutical company that discovers, invents, develops, manufactures and commercializes medicines for the treatment of serious medical conditions. The Company commercializes medicines for eye diseases, high low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol, and an inflammatory condition and have product candidates in development in other areas, including rheumatoid arthritis, asthma, atopic dermatitis, pain, cancer, and infectious diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance AO World PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News AO World PLC (AO) Receives GBX 163 Consensus Target Price from Analysts -$0.38 EPS Expected for Dextera Surgical Inc (DXTR) This Quarter Brokerages Expect CTI BioPharma Corp (CTIC) to Post -$0.70 Earnings Per Share Connecticut Water Service Inc (CTWS) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.68 Per Share Hope Bancorp Inc (HOPE) Shares Sold by Princeton Alpha Management LP Boston Partners Has $8.41 Million Stake in E*TRADE Financial Corp (ETFC) Boston Partners Buys 182,130 Shares of Matrix Service Co (MTRX) Henderson Group PLC Raises Stake in Rockwell Automation (ROK) Princeton Alpha Management LP Takes Position in Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) -$0.06 Earnings Per Share Expected for Catalyst Pharmaceuticals Inc (CPRX) This Quarter James River Group Holdings Ltd (JRVR) Position Boosted by Boston Partners Netflix, Inc. (NFLX) Stake Lowered by Henderson Group PLC Henderson Group PLC Raises Stake in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) Boston Partners Sells 448,990 Shares of Covanta Holding Corp (CVA) 6,059 Shares in Fabrinet (FN) Acquired by Princeton Alpha Management LP Sherwin-Williams Co (SHW) Shares Bought by Henderson Group PLC Princeton Alpha Management LP Acquires Shares of 18,112 Intuit Inc. (INTU) Henderson Group PLC Raises Position in IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Stanley M. Kuriyama Sells 4,250 Shares of Alexander & Baldwin Inc (ALEX) Stock G Louis Graziadio III Purchases 40,000 Shares of Acacia Research Corp (ACTG) Stock AO World PLC (AO) Receives GBX 163 Consensus Target Price from Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet AO World PLC (LON:AO) has been given an average recommendation of “Hold” by the six research firms that are currently covering the firm. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company. The average 1 year price objective among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is GBX 163 ($2.10). A number of brokerages recently issued reports on AO. Numis Securities Ltd reissued a “buy” rating and set a GBX 225 ($2.90) price target on shares of AO World PLC in a research report on Friday, March 31st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reduced their target price on AO World PLC from GBX 200 ($2.58) to GBX 140 ($1.81) and set a “neutral” rating on the stock in a report on Friday, March 31st. Shore Capital downgraded AO World PLC to a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, March 30th. Finally, Morgan Stanley downgraded AO World PLC to an “underweight” rating and reduced their target price for the company from GBX 170 ($2.19) to GBX 135 ($1.74) in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. AO World PLC (LON:AO) traded up 2.74% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching GBX 150.00. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 171,967 shares. The stock’s market cap is GBX 631.58 million. The company has a 50 day moving average of GBX 139.37 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 158.34. AO World PLC has a 52-week low of GBX 119.60 and a 52-week high of GBX 192.30. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US & international copyright laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/ao-world-plc-ao-receives-gbx-163-consensus-target-price-from-analysts.html. In other AO World PLC news, insider Chris Hopkinson bought 754,716 shares of AO World PLC stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 30th. The shares were purchased at an average price of GBX 133 ($1.72) per share, with a total value of £1,003,772.28 ($1,295,691.60). Also, insider Geoff Cooper purchased 28,573 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 4th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 140 ($1.81) per share, with a total value of £40,002.20 ($51,635.73). About AO World PLC AO World Plc is an online retailer of electrical products. The Company operates through two segments: online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in the UK, and online retailing of domestic appliances to customers in Europe (excluding the United Kingdom). The Company offers over 5,500 stock keeping units (SKUs) in the United Kingdom, approximately 2,000 in Germany and over 600 in the Netherlands. Receive News & Ratings for AO World PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AO World PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Price Target Raised to $43.00 at Barclays PLC Continental Resources, Inc. (CLR) Lifted to “Outperform” at Credit Suisse Group AG Comerica Incorporated (CMA) Receives Buy Rating from Jefferies Group LLC Capital Fund Management S.A. Boosts Position in Lannett Company, Inc. (LCI) Boston Partners Has $528.052 Million Stake in CIGNA Co. (CI) Capital Fund Management S.A. Invests $1.287 Million in Healthcare Trust Of America Inc (HTA) Discover Financial Services (DFS) Shares Sold by TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Capital Fund Management S.A. Sells 39,519 Shares of Expeditors International of Washington (EXPD) Capital Fund Management S.A. Acquires Shares of 22,537 Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Finish Line Inc (FINL) Stake Cut by Capital Fund Management S.A. TIAA CREF Trust Co. FSB MO Lowers Position in S&P Global Inc (SPGI) Lear Co. (LEA) Shares Sold by Capital Fund Management S.A. VF Corp (VFC) Shares Bought by Alecta Pensionsforsakring Omsesidigt Oldfield Partners LLP Lowers Position in HP Inc (HPQ) Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Stericycle (SRCL) CIGNA Co. (CI) Stake Held by Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sheaff Brock Investment Advisors LLC Sells 1,100 Shares of eBay Inc (EBAY) Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Price Target at $19.50 Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Reaches New 52-Week Low Following Analyst Downgrade Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Price Target Raised to $43.00 at Barclays PLC May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) had its price target upped by Barclays PLC from $40.00 to $43.00 in a research note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm presently has an “overweight” rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Barclays PLC’s price target points to a potential upside of 17.10% from the stock’s previous close. Other equities analysts also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Essent Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $39.00 price objective on the stock. in a research report on Friday, April 21st. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Essent Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, May 10th. Bank of America Corp upgraded Essent Group from an “underperform” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $38.00 to $43.00 in a research report on Tuesday, May 9th. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods restated a “hold” rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of Essent Group in a research report on Friday, April 28th. Finally, BTIG Research restated a “hold” rating on shares of Essent Group in a research report on Sunday, February 12th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $38.29. Shares of Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) traded up 0.95% during mid-day trading on Monday, reaching $37.07. The company had a trading volume of 379,268 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.20 and a beta of 1.19. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $36.84 and a 200-day moving average of $33.64. Essent Group has a one year low of $19.57 and a one year high of $39.50. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The financial services provider reported $0.72 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.03. Essent Group had a return on equity of 17.85% and a net margin of 48.58%. The business had revenue of $127.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $126.70 million. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.52 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 24.5% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Essent Group will post $2.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/essent-group-ltd-esnt-price-target-raised-to-43-00-at-barclays-plc.html. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in ESNT. Sei Investments Co. increased its stake in Essent Group by 2.6% in the first quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 2,909 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $105,000 after buying an additional 74 shares in the last quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System increased its stake in Essent Group by 1.5% in the fourth quarter. New York State Teachers Retirement System now owns 6,600 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $214,000 after buying an additional 100 shares in the last quarter. US Bancorp DE increased its stake in Essent Group by 4.6% in the first quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 4,946 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $179,000 after buying an additional 218 shares in the last quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA increased its stake in Essent Group by 14.0% in the first quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 2,924 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $106,000 after buying an additional 360 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. increased its stake in Essent Group by 0.7% in the first quarter. Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. now owns 57,422 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $2,077,000 after buying an additional 373 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 85.37% of the company’s stock. Essent Group Company Profile Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Chemours Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemours Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Price Target at $19.50 Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Reaches New 52-Week Low Following Analyst Downgrade Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chemours Co (CC) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade Control4 Corp (CTRL) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Brokerages Set Daimler AG (DAI) PT at $72.30 Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Rating Increased to Overweight at Stephens Sky Plc (BSY) Receives GBX 1,083.33 Average PT from Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Angie's List (ANGI) Share Price BancFirst (BANF) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.34 Michael Gene Barnes Buys 3,500 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Insider Richard W. Jewson Purchases 431 Shares United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI) Director Sells $501,468.00 in Stock Ruth's Hospitality Group’s (RUTH) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Tocagen Inc (TOCA) Coverage Initiated at Leerink Swann Tower Bridge Advisors Maintains Stake in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Chemours Co (CC) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Chemours Co (NYSE:CC) gapped up before the market opened on Monday after Susquehanna Bancshares raised their price target on the stock from $45.00 to $55.00. The stock had previously closed at $44.20, but opened at $43.79. Susquehanna Bancshares currently has a positive rating on the stock. Chemours shares last traded at $45.84, with a volume of 1,644,385 shares. CC has been the subject of a number of other reports. Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $40.00 price target (up from $34.00) on shares of Chemours in a report on Friday, April 14th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc raised Chemours from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, February 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Jefferies Group LLC raised Chemours from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $35.00 to $48.00 in a report on Wednesday, March 29th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Chemours from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised Chemours from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating and lifted their price target for the stock from $39.00 to $50.00 in a report on Friday. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Chemours presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $37.70. In other news, VP Mark Newman sold 22,781 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, May 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.83, for a total value of $907,367.23. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, Director Richard H. Brown bought 2,500 shares of Chemours stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was purchased at an average cost of $39.10 per share, with a total value of $97,750.00. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 0.78% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. BlackRock Inc. increased its stake in Chemours by 48,297.2% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 19,160,930 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $737,696,000 after buying an additional 19,121,339 shares during the last quarter. FMR LLC increased its stake in Chemours by 481.3% in the fourth quarter. FMR LLC now owns 10,926,459 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $241,366,000 after buying an additional 9,046,728 shares during the last quarter. Norges Bank purchased a new stake in Chemours during the fourth quarter valued at $196,709,000. Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Chemours by 64.1% in the first quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 4,473,227 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $172,219,000 after buying an additional 1,747,880 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its stake in Chemours by 135.9% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 3,031,400 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock valued at $116,709,000 after buying an additional 1,746,100 shares during the last quarter. 74.71% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. The stock has a market capitalization of $8.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 80.14 and a beta of 3.50. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $38.44 and its 200-day moving average is $29.23. Chemours (NYSE:CC) last issued its earnings results on Monday, May 1st. The specialty chemicals company reported $0.75 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.50 by $0.25. Chemours had a net margin of 2.78% and a return on equity of 81.19%. The firm had revenue of $1.44 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.32 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $0.06 earnings per share. Chemours’s revenue was up 10.8% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts anticipate that Chemours Co will post $3.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, June 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, May 17th will be issued a $0.03 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, May 15th. This represents a $0.12 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.27%. Chemours’s dividend payout ratio is currently 14.81%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/chemours-co-cc-shares-gap-up-on-analyst-upgrade.html. Chemours Company Profile The Chemours Company is a provider of performance chemicals. The Company operates through three segments: Titanium Technologies, Fluoroproducts and Chemical Solutions. The Titanium Technologies segment is a producer of titanium dioxide (TiO2). The Fluoroproducts segment is a provider of fluoroproducts, including refrigerants and industrial fluoropolymer resins. Receive News & Ratings for Chemours Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Chemours Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Patterson Companies, Inc. (PDCO) Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Analysts Set GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Price Target at $19.50 Avis Budget Group Inc. (CAR) Reaches New 52-Week Low Following Analyst Downgrade Varian Medical Systems, Inc. (VAR) Upgraded at Citigroup Inc Staples, Inc. (SPLS) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Chemours Co (CC) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade Control4 Corp (CTRL) Hits New 1-Year High on Analyst Upgrade Brokerages Set Daimler AG (DAI) PT at $72.30 Arizona Mining Inc (AZ) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by DZ Bank AG TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Rating Increased to Overweight at Stephens Sky Plc (BSY) Receives GBX 1,083.33 Average PT from Brokerages Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Angie's List (ANGI) Share Price BancFirst (BANF) Given Daily Media Impact Rating of 0.34 Michael Gene Barnes Buys 3,500 Shares of Tiptree Inc (TIPT) Stock Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Insider Richard W. Jewson Purchases 431 Shares United Bankshares, Inc. (UBSI) Director Sells $501,468.00 in Stock Ruth's Hospitality Group’s (RUTH) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC Tocagen Inc (TOCA) Coverage Initiated at Leerink Swann Tower Bridge Advisors Maintains Stake in WEC Energy Group Inc (WEC) Dollar Tree, Inc. (DLTR) Shares Bought by Daiwa Securities Group Inc. Analysts Set GasLog Ltd (GLOG) Price Target at $19.50 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Shares of GasLog Ltd (NYSE:GLOG) have been given a consensus recommendation of “Buy” by the seven brokerages that are presently covering the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price objective among brokerages that have updated their coverage on the stock in the last year is $19.50. Several research firms have commented on GLOG. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of GasLog from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised shares of GasLog from an “underweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and raised their target price for the company from $12.00 to $14.00 in a report on Tuesday, February 21st. Wells Fargo & Co raised shares of GasLog from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 target price on the stock in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $20.00 target price on shares of GasLog in a report on Friday, February 24th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG began coverage on shares of GasLog in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $21.00 target price on the stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/analysts-set-gaslog-ltd-glog-price-target-at-19-50.html. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Eagle Global Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of GasLog by 11.8% in the third quarter. Eagle Global Advisors LLC now owns 3,390,596 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $49,333,000 after buying an additional 358,327 shares during the period. Guggenheim Capital LLC raised its stake in shares of GasLog by 27.6% in the fourth quarter. Guggenheim Capital LLC now owns 164,128 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $2,642,000 after buying an additional 35,479 shares during the period. Russell Investments Group Ltd. bought a new stake in shares of GasLog during the fourth quarter valued at about $204,000. Cipher Capital LP raised its stake in shares of GasLog by 13.4% in the fourth quarter. Cipher Capital LP now owns 175,116 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $2,820,000 after buying an additional 20,749 shares during the period. Finally, Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. raised its stake in shares of GasLog by 4.0% in the fourth quarter. Raymond James Financial Services Advisors Inc. now owns 28,350 shares of the shipping company’s stock valued at $456,000 after buying an additional 1,100 shares during the period. 46.61% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) traded up 1.264% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $14.025. 148,218 shares of the company were exchanged. The company’s 50 day moving average price is $14.29 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.57. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.13 billion. GasLog has a 12-month low of $11.08 and a 12-month high of $17.85. GasLog (NYSE:GLOG) last released its earnings results on Friday, May 5th. The shipping company reported $0.06 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.04 by $0.02. GasLog had a negative net margin of 10.57% and a negative return on equity of 0.14%. The firm had revenue of $128.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $129.35 million. During the same period last year, the firm earned ($0.09) EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 22.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts forecast that GasLog will post $0.25 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, May 25th. Investors of record on Monday, May 15th will be issued a dividend of $0.14 per share. This represents a $0.56 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.04%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. GasLog’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently -74.67%. About GasLog GasLog Ltd. is an international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers. The Company provides support to international energy companies as part of their LNG logistics chain. The Company’s owned consolidated fleet consists of 27 LNG carriers, including 22 ships in operation and five LNG carriers on order. Receive News & Ratings for GasLog Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Odierno presents Outstanding Civilian Service Awards By J.D. LeipoldApril 16, 2015 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno and political satirist Stephen Colbert share a laugh during a special Twilight Tattoo on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Va., April 14, 2015. (Photo Credit: Staff Sgt. Steve Cortez) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno presents the Outstanding Civilian Service Award during a special Twilight Tattoo on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Va., April 14, 2015. From right, recipients were: Morrill Worcester, founder of Wreaths Across America; Bud Selig, former Major League Base commissioner; Matthew Zames, chief operating officer of JPMorgan Chase; Stephen Colbert, political satirist and host of "The Colbert Report" and Chip Meyers, who accepted the award on behalf of chairman and former UPS CEO, D. Scott Davis. (Photo Credit: Staff Sgt. Steve Cortez) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno delivers remarks during a special Twilight Tattoo on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Va., April 14, 2015. (Photo Credit: Staff Sgt. Steve Cortez) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 4 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Members of The Old Guard fire a volley during a special Twilight Tattoo on Joint Base Myer-Henderson Hall, Va., April 14, 2015. (Photo Credit: Staff Sgt. Steve Cortez) VIEW ORIGINAL JOINT BASE MYER-HENDERSON HALL (Army News Service, April 16, 2015) -- Five civilians were presented with the Outstanding Civilian Service Award for their contributions to the Army during a special Twilight Tattoo hosted by the Army chief of staff, April 14. The third-highest medal the Army can bestow on a private citizen was pinned on the lapels of television host Stephen Colbert, retired Major League Baseball commissioner Bud Selig, Wreaths Across America founder Morrell Worcester, Matthew Zames of JPMorgan Chase and D. Scott Davis of UPS. Before the hour-long military pageant that takes the audience through the history of the Army with Soldiers re-enacting the service's roles from the American Revolution to the present, Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno took center stage in Conmy Hall. He thanked the five men who "taught us all lessons about service." STEPHEN COLBERT Odierno said Colbert had entertained the military nightly through "The Colbert Report," directing donations to the Yellow Ribbon Fund and promoting the First Lady Michelle Obama's "Joining Forces" initiative. He helped link the American public to the military by creating a shout-out to honor any Service member who sent in a flag. "What we all remember best is Operation Iraqi Stephen Going Commando in 2009 when he underwent so-called basic training, wore a uniform that resembled a bad knock-off Brooks Brothers…while he entertained our troops for a week," Odierno said. "What I want to reflect on was when Colbert made the strongest show of solidarity with our troops -- when he sacrificed his most valuable possession - his hair - I have to say, this was one of the highlights of my tour," Odierno joked. "Stephen's show has become an iconic part of American culture, but more importantly, it helped to maintain the bond that connects our communities with our military, hoping to share the military story and what it means to live a life of selfless service for our Service members, families and veterans alike," he said. In a brief interview before the ceremony, Colbert told the story of how he found out about the award. My first reaction, when I heard, was: I can't take that; but I will as a reminder of how much more there is to do," he said. "I'm a fan of the Army - a couple of my brothers served in the Army, my dad was an Army doctor and my uncle was in the 101st Airborne on D-Day - so, I've always been aware of the gratitude we should have for those who answer the call to protect the country. "When you thank someone for serving, go beyond, continue the conversation," Colbert said. "Thank you for your service should be the beginning of the conversation and not the end." BUD SELIG Retired Major League Baseball, or MLB, commissioner Bud Selig was also honored by Odierno for his leadership and dedication to Soldiers and their Families through the Welcome Back Veterans program, which raises awareness and support for the needs of vets and their Families. More than $20 million went to university hospitals and helped to transform the lives of countless veterans and their Families by providing ongoing treatment for those suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder. "Under Bud's tutelage, Major League Baseball also honors Soldiers and their Families on the home front," said Odierno, adding that MLB has surprised veterans with tickets to the World Series and donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to funding a housing complex for homeless veterans. "No matter where you go, you'll find Major League Baseball reaching out to Soldiers, veterans and their Families," he said. "Your personal leadership has made a real difference to all of us who serve in uniform." Following the Twilight Tattoo, the ninth commissioner of baseball and now commissioner emeritus of baseball, Selig, signed baseballs, bats and a few Milwaukee Brewers caps for fans. He had owned the Brewers at one time and still makes his home in the namesake city. "I was in the Army from 1956 to '57 stationed at Fort Leonard Wood, Missouri," he said. "The Army has always been my favorite branch of service and watching all of this today and receiving this award meant a great deal to me and was really very emotional. "The best part of being in baseball and something I've always said to people, it isn't a responsibility to do things like 'Welcome Back Veterans,'" he said. "If you're lucky like me, you know that it's really a privilege, so when you receive an award like this, it just inspires you to want to do more." MORRELL WORCESTER When he was 12, Morrell Worcester visited Arlington National Cemetery while on a field trip from his small town in Maine. The experience left an indelible impression that stayed with him as he made a successful business of his wreath company. "In the winter of 1992, he found himself with a surplus of wreaths and remembering his boyhood experience, he shipped those left-over wreaths to Arlington National Cemetery," Odierno said. "This tradition went on for years until 2005 - when a picture of Arlington adorned with wreaths covered with snow went viral. "It was then that this annual tradition to honor our Service members and our fallen heroes began to grow," he said. "In 2010, Wreaths Across America and their national network of volunteers laid over 220,000 memorial wreaths at 445 locations in the United States and beyond… the work that Morrell Worcester and Wreaths Across America does… is a shining example of the difference one determined individual has made in the support of our military and their Families." Anyone who has seen Arlington National Cemetery during the Christmas holiday season cannot miss the thousands of headstones with evergreen wreaths adorned with red bows resting against them, placed by volunteers. Worcester said the tradition started as his family's personal gift to the military and what the military has done for the country. Then he said, it just caught on and now has a life of its own. "Our goal for this year is to place one million wreaths on headstones of the fallen across the United States and overseas," he said. "We have more than 1,000 locations now including 24 overseas cemeteries." D. SCOTT DAVIS Chairman of the Board of Directors of UPS and former UPS CEO D. Scott Davis was recognized for creating a culture of support for veterans, veterans' organizations and veteran programs that went back to his time as UPS chief executive officer in 2008. "During Scott's tenure, UPS has employed over 25,000 veterans and has pledged to hire an additional 25,000 more over the coming years," Odierno said. "Scott has pledged 25,000 employee volunteer hours to help veterans and veterans service organizations and not only is he hiring and volunteering, but Scott is encouraging our veterans to lead within UPS and endorsing new opportunities for honorably discharged veterans." MATTHEW ZAMES Odierno next paid tribute to JPMorgan Chase Chief Operating Officer Matthew Zames, who formed an alliance with other major corporate employers and committed to hiring 100,000 veterans. Having accomplished that objective, the alliance is now working to double that to 200,000 vets. "JPMorgan Chase has not stopped there," Odierno said. "Supporting our veterans through housing assistance, education assistance and volunteerism and their debt-forgiveness of Gold Star Families, are just a few of the many other things that have made JPMorgan Chase a true leader in corporate support to our veterans. "Matt, your contributions to our service men and women have had a profound impact on them, their Families and the U.S. Army," Odierno said. "You have reminded us all of the meaning of kindness as you honor those who serve and sacrifice." RELATED LINKS Army.mil: Inside the Army News Army News Service Chief of Staff of the Army Gen. Ray Odierno Twilight Tattoo Special Twilight Tattoo on Flickr Twilight Tattoo on facebook RELATED STORIES May 10, 2017Caregivers mark National Nurses Week with wreath at Arlington National Cemetery April 18, 2017Guardsmen train to handle WMD lab at baseball stadium May 2, 2017Veteran James Pierce: Continuing to Serve May 11, 2017National Native American Veterans Memorial to be erected in DC May 8, 2017Vietnam Veterans honored for service at ceremony in Wiesbaden May 5, 2017RIA participates in Honor Flight, pays tribute to veterans May 2, 2017KATUSA Veterans visit new Eighth Army home May 11, 2017Writer, Soldier, Veteran and College Graduate - Making the most out of every day May 2, 2017Army Reserve general honors World-War-II veteran May 11, 2017Afghan Ambassador honors USASOC's Fallen April 18, 2017Soldier for Life: Ranger veteran Doug Quitmeyer April 21, 2017A Visit from the Past: Army Veteran Returns to Torii Station April 21, 2017President signs bill to extend Veteran's Choice health care law April 7, 2017WBAMC dedicates area to military legend May 4, 2017Allies gather to honor sacrifice April 26, 2017White Sox welcome Warrior Games athletes to Guaranteed Rate Field Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RSA Insurance Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 685 Spirent Communications Plc (SPT) Rating Reiterated by Liberum Capital Pearson plc (PSON) Receives Hold Rating from Deutsche Bank AG Spin Master Corp (TOY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Brokerages Intuit Inc. (INTU) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Accenture Plc (ACN) Insider Sells $266,332.00 in Stock Insider Selling: Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) EVP Sells $246,345.00 in Stock Johnson Controls International plc Ordinary Share (JCI) CEO Sells $265,816.60 in Stock First Defiance Financial (FDEF) Getting Positive News Coverage, Report Shows First Interstate Bancsystem (FIBK) Receives News Impact Rating of -0.02 First Data Corp (FDC) Receives Media Sentiment Score of 0.09 Insider Selling: General Communication, Inc. (GNCMA) Director Sells $271,875.00 in Stock Etsy (ETSY) Earns News Sentiment Rating of 0.06 Corindus Vascular Robotics (CVRS) Given Media Sentiment Score of 0.31 Barclays PLC Analysts Give The Coca-Cola Co (KO) a $45.00 Price Target Dillard's, Inc. (DDS) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Statoil ASA (STO) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research PDL BioPharma Inc (PDLI) Upgraded to “Hold” by Zacks Investment Research BioMarin Pharmaceutical Inc. (BMRN) Shares Sold by Advisors Asset Management Inc. Advisors Asset Management Inc. Has $4.511 Million Position in T. Rowe Price Group Inc (TROW) RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 685 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) had its target price boosted by investment analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 665 ($8.58) to GBX 685 ($8.84) in a report released on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The brokerage currently has a “buy” rating on the insurance provider’s stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 11.11% from the stock’s current price. RSA has been the subject of a number of other reports. Canaccord Genuity upped their price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 475 ($6.13) to GBX 600 ($7.74) and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 1st. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 585 ($7.55) price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Friday, March 31st. HSBC Holdings plc upped their price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc from GBX 630 ($8.13) to GBX 695 ($8.97) and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Credit Suisse Group AG restated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 690 ($8.91) price target on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Finally, Shore Capital reaffirmed a “sell” rating on shares of RSA Insurance Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, February 8th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, five have issued a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. RSA Insurance Group plc presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of GBX 614.75 ($7.94). RSA Insurance Group plc (LON:RSA) traded down 0.32% during midday trading on Monday, hitting GBX 614.50. The stock had a trading volume of 1,913,830 shares. The stock’s market cap is GBX 6.18 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of GBX 595.93 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 574.81. RSA Insurance Group plc has a one year low of GBX 425.60 and a one year high of GBX 629.00. The business also recently declared a dividend, which was paid on Friday, May 12th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, March 2nd were paid a dividend of GBX 11 ($0.14) per share. This is a boost from RSA Insurance Group plc’s previous dividend of $5.00. This represents a dividend yield of 1.82%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 2nd. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “RSA Insurance Group plc (RSA) Price Target Raised to GBX 685” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/rsa-insurance-group-plc-rsa-price-target-raised-to-gbx-685.html. About RSA Insurance Group plc RSA Insurance Group plc is an international general insurer. The Company provides personal, commercial and specialty insurance products and services direct-to-customers. Its segments include Scandinavia, Canada, UK & Ireland, Central Functions and non-core. Its segments are based on geography and all are engaged in providing personal and commercial general insurance services. Receive News & Ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RSA Insurance Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Summit draws Soldiers, others By Karen A. Iwamoto, Hawaii Army Weekly, U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii Public Affairs July 24, 2015 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald speaks at the Transition Summit held at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. (Photo Credit: Karen A. Iwamoto, Hawaii Army Weekly, U.S. Army GarrisonHawaii Public Affairs) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez speaks at the Transition Summit at Schofield Barracks, Hawaii. (Photo Credit: Karen A. Iwamoto, Hawaii Army Weekly, U.S. Army GarrisonHawaii Public Affairs) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Pat Maldonado, left, military veterans staffing and recruiting specialist for Intel, speaks with Pfc. Nicholas Crabtree during the Hawaii Transition Summit Job Fair, July 8, at the Nehelani, Schofield Barracks. (Photo Credit: Karen A. Iwamoto, Hawaii Army Weekly, U.S. Army GarrisonHawaii Public Affairs ) VIEW ORIGINAL SCHOFIELD BARRACKS, Hawaii -- Hawaii's first Transition Summit for Soldiers, family members and veterans rolled into action here, July 7 and 8, with expert panels, workshops, a networking event and a hiring fair -- all aimed at connecting service members with private-sector companies looking to hire. More than 2,000 service members, families and veterans attended, and representatives from more than 100 companies were there, according to officials from the Chamber of Commerce Foundation's Hiring Our Heroes program, which was one of the main architects of the summit and similar forums at other military bases on the continental United States and overseas. U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez and U.S. Secretary of Veterans Affairs Robert McDonald delivered keynote speeches to packed audiences. Both secretaries have ties to the Army. Perez's father served in the Army, and McDonald's served with the 82nd Airborne Division and earned the Ranger tab, Expert Infantryman Badge and Senior Parachutist wings. Perez spoke optimistically about the economy, saying it's moving in the right direction and showing growth in all sectors. He and McDonald agreed that there are many opportunities for transitioning Soldiers in the private sector because Soldiers possess the skills that employers want. "If you have skills leading people, and all of you have that skill, if you know what DEFCON 1 means, and all of you have that skill, that's why employers are jumping at the bit, whether it be JP Morgan or other colleagues that are here," said Perez. "They want to hire you." This boded well for those like Spc. Thomas Smarsh, who attended the summit because he plans to transition from the Army by early next year. "I came because I wanted the opportunity to talk to people outside of the military," said Smarsh. "Specifically, I'm interested in meeting with someone from the aerospace industry because that's what I'm studying." The summit also featured events (such as the Military Spouse Workshop) that were applicable to military spouses (like Fahiya Hassan) who were looking for employment. "I'm here because I want to put my four-year degree to use. I'm hoping being here will help me find a job in Hawaii," Hassan said. Army spouse Desiree Dobbs said she planned to attend the summit's Resume Writing and Federal Careers Workshop. "I just moved here 30 days ago from Joint Base Lewis-McChord," she said. "I've done banking work in the past and am looking for administrative work. But actually, I'm really interested in getting a federal job." Smarsh, Hassan and Dobbs already had a direction for their career search, but for those who may not have, McDonald offered some philosophical advice, urging his audience to "find a purpose or mission in your life." Just as these service members and their families have served and protected the country by fulfilling their military missions, so should they give themselves their best chance for success beyond the military by preparing for their career "mission." Ross Brown, head of Veterans and Military Affairs at JP Morgan Chase, a speaker on the Perspectives on Transition from a National Level panel, built upon McDonald's words, saying, "Identify and objective and plan accordingly. Have several resumes, one for each of the fields you're interested in." JP Morgan Chase was one of nearly 100 companies with representatives on post to meet with and possibly hire transitioning Soldiers, family members and veterans. Added Col Adam Rocke, director of the Army's Soldier for Life Program and a panelist added, "Transition is a process; don't make it an event. It takes (an average of) 9-12 months to land that first job." This type of real-world advice mixed with optimism and the promise of available jobs -- for Soldiers who were willing to stand up and get them -- summed up the spirit of the summit, which took place as the Army announced plans to reduce its Soldiers by 40,000 and its civilian employees by 17,000 over the next few years due to budget shortfalls. Meanwhile, representatives from Microsoft, a major summit partner, said they had numerous positions to fill. "There are many pathways into the company. We need software developers, coders, electricians, diesel mechanics," said Sean Kelley, program director for Microsoft's Military Affairs program, adding that if Microsoft is looking to fill these positions, then so are other IT companies, such as Apple, Amazon and Google. "Rule yourself into the industry; don't rule yourself out," he continued. "Service members don't lean into this industry as much as this industry needs them. Human resources needs to understand the value of hiring veterans, and veterans need to believe in the value they bring to the industry." -- Tips for Transitioning Transitioning is different for every individual, but employers, employment experts and service members who have made the transition to civilian employment seemed to agree on a general strategy for success: - Find a passion or purpose. If you're unsure of what field to pursue next, consider taking a personality inventory and/or aptitude test. - Create multiple resumes. Different companies/fields have different requirements and look for different things. - Cast a wide net. Your next job need not correlate exactly to your military occupational specialty. Consider options, such as the GI Bill, which can help you obtain the education/experience you need to get where you want to be. - Be patient. It can take up to a year -- in some cases longer -- to find your next career. - Start early. Think about and plan your next move while you are still in the military. RELATED LINKS U.S. Army Garrison-Hawaii Small Business Adminstration's Boots to Business U.S. Army Soldier for Life U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation Hire Our Heroes Department of Labor American Job Centers RELATED STORIES March 30, 2017Summit addresses transitioning Soldier training issues May 3, 2017First Army hosts G8 summit April 27, 2017First Army hosts AG summit May 2, 2017Veteran James Pierce: Continuing to Serve May 11, 2017National Native American Veterans Memorial to be erected in DC May 8, 2017Vietnam Veterans honored for service at ceremony in Wiesbaden May 5, 2017RIA participates in Honor Flight, pays tribute to veterans May 2, 2017KATUSA Veterans visit new Eighth Army home May 8, 2017Idaho Army National Guardsman balances family business, company command May 11, 2017Writer, Soldier, Veteran and College Graduate - Making the most out of every day May 4, 2017Generations of Army Europe leadership empowered at company commander staff ride May 4, 201753rd Quartermaster Company builds pipeline with Reserve partners at Fort Pickett, Virginia May 2, 2017Army Reserve general honors World-War-II veteran April 18, 2017Soldier for Life: Ranger veteran Doug Quitmeyer April 21, 2017A Visit from the Past: Army Veteran Returns to Torii Station April 21, 2017President signs bill to extend Veteran's Choice health care law Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Frederic Florin/AFP via Getty Images Your Evening Briefing Here are today’s top stories for Europe. Bloomberg News May 15, 2017, 11:58 AM EDT The evening briefing will soon be available in your inbox every day. Sign up here. It was a tough day in pre-Brexit Britain. European Union leaders agreed to toughen their negotiating position for Brexit talks, specifically including language on any future transitional agreement, according to the latest draft directives obtained by Bloomberg News. Elsewhere, JPMorgan agreed to pay €125 million for office space in Dublin to accommodate 1,000 staff. That’s again raised the prospect that Brexit could trigger an exodus of banks from London. — Siraj Datoo Rendering of 200 Capital Dock in Dublin. Source: Kennedy Wilson Inching towards an agreement. Saudi Arabia and Russia both said they favor prolonging oil-output cuts through March 2018. Energy ministers from both nations said the move is needed to reach a goal of reducing global inventories to a five-year average. Crude futures jumped after the announcement. Oil-producing nations will meet in Vienna later this month to discuss a final agreement.  World, meet Edouard Philippe. In Emmanuel Macron’s first major announcement as French president, he named relatively unknown 46-year-old Edouard Philippe as his new premier. Philippe is the center-right mayor of Le Havre and is a member of the Republicans party. Macron is meeting Angela Merkel, and the German chancellor has given a hint of what to expect. “It’s still a live threat and we’re still in disaster recovery mode.” A Europol spokesman said the number of computers infected by an unprecedented cyberattack does not seem to be growing, as governments and companies have begun fighting back. Over the weekend hackers used malware to infect more than 200,000 computers in at least 150 countries, and demanded ransom. Among those affected were the U.K.’s National Health Service, Russia’s Ministry of Interior, and carmakers Nissan and Renault. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Airlines are bracing for chaos. The U.S. Department of Homeland Security said last week it might expand to Europe the ban on laptops and other large electronics imposed on U.S.-bound flights from 10 Middle Eastern airports. The new security protocol could mean longer security lines, heightened delays, boarding gate confusion, and yet more hassles for fliers. Some are warning that going “overboard” with safety measures could lead to an uproar from business fliers. A Tesla Model X sat the Tesla Motors Inc. factory in Tilburg, Netherlands. Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg Getting out of autopilot. Tesla shares fell after the the carmakers lost a buy rating from one of its longtime bulls. Adam Jonas, Morgan Stanley’s top auto analyst, thinks operating losses will continue through next year and estimates that Tesla will eat through $3.1 billion of cash this year. The right man for the job. As investors head for the door, embattled commodities house Noble Group is turning to Paul Brough, the man who liquidated Lehman Brothers assets in Asia and oversaw restructuring in some of the region’s most high-profile collapses. Reviving Noble Group won’t be easy after two turbulent years marked by falling commodities prices, losses, mounting debt and accusations of improper accounting. Its stock market value has shrunk to less than $600 million from more than $10 billion in 2010. Compiled by Leila Taha and Siraj Datoo Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Attack Man Who Helped Bury Lehman Turns to Saving Troubled Noble This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch Brace for Chaos If U.S. Expands Airline Laptop Ban Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Old Mutual plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 550 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €30.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €81.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Old Mutual plc (OML) Price Target to GBX 205 VirnetX Holding (VHC) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact TeleTech Holdings (TTEC) Share Price United Therapeutics (UTHR) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Murphy Oil (MUR) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for American Express Company (AXP) Polaris Industries (PII) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Receives $40.38 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages $0.29 EPS Expected for Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) This Quarter Apache’s (APA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank George Hornig Sells 11,288 Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Stock Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) PT Raised to $23.00 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) EVP Sells $461,859.60 in Stock John Deren Sells 2,246 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Stock Insider Buying: Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Insider Buys $484,200.00 in Stock Asure Software Inc (ASUR) Coverage Initiated at Canaccord Genuity Willbros Group (WG) Given News Impact Rating of 0.32 Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Old Mutual plc (OML) Price Target to GBX 205 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) had its price target lowered by investment analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 205 ($2.65) in a note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The brokerage presently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group Inc’s target price would indicate a potential upside of 5.29% from the company’s current price. Other equities research analysts have also issued reports about the stock. Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “hold” rating and set a GBX 240 ($3.10) target price on shares of Old Mutual plc in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd. Shore Capital reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Old Mutual plc in a report on Friday, April 28th. Royal Bank of Canada increased their target price on shares of Old Mutual plc from GBX 160 ($2.07) to GBX 180 ($2.33) and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a report on Friday, March 17th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. upgraded shares of Old Mutual plc to an “overweight” rating and increased their target price for the stock from GBX 220 ($2.85) to GBX 236 ($3.05) in a report on Friday, January 27th. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of GBX 210.80 ($2.73). Shares of Old Mutual plc (LON:OML) traded up 0.92% during trading on Monday, hitting GBX 196.50. 10,266,538 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company’s market cap is GBX 9.21 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 197.72 and its 200-day moving average price is GBX 203.79. Old Mutual plc has a one year low of GBX 163.90 and a one year high of GBX 229.84. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which was paid on Friday, April 28th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, March 30th were given a GBX 3.39 ($0.04) dividend. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, March 30th. This is an increase from Old Mutual plc’s previous dividend of $2.67. This represents a dividend yield of 1.51%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright & trademark law. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/goldman-sachs-group-inc-lowers-old-mutual-plc-oml-price-target-to-gbx-205.html. About Old Mutual plc Old Mutual plc is a United Kingdom-based holding company. The Company’s business activities include life assurance, asset management business, banking, and property and casualty The Company’s segments include Emerging Markets, Nedbank, Old Mutual Wealth and Institutional Asset Management. The Other segment includes central activities. Receive News & Ratings for Old Mutual plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Old Mutual plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Bayerische Motoren Werke AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 550 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €30.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €81.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Old Mutual plc (OML) Price Target to GBX 205 VirnetX Holding (VHC) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact TeleTech Holdings (TTEC) Share Price United Therapeutics (UTHR) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Murphy Oil (MUR) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for American Express Company (AXP) Polaris Industries (PII) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Receives $40.38 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages $0.29 EPS Expected for Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) This Quarter Apache’s (APA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank George Hornig Sells 11,288 Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Stock Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) PT Raised to $23.00 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) EVP Sells $461,859.60 in Stock John Deren Sells 2,246 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Stock Insider Buying: Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Insider Buys $484,200.00 in Stock Asure Software Inc (ASUR) Coverage Initiated at Canaccord Genuity Willbros Group (WG) Given News Impact Rating of 0.32 Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €81.00 Price Target May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) received a €81.00 ($88.04) target price from investment analysts at Morgan Stanley in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. The brokerage currently has a “neutral” rating on the stock. BMW has been the topic of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €90.00 ($97.83) price target on shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 28th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €79.00 ($85.87) price target on shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Barclays PLC set a €103.00 ($111.96) price target on shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. S&P Global set a €95.00 ($103.26) price target on shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Finally, DZ Bank AG set a €96.00 ($104.35) target price on shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have assigned a hold rating and eleven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €90.19 ($98.04). Shares of Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (ETR:BMW) traded down 0.312% during mid-day trading on Monday, hitting €87.133. 7,714 shares of the stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of €57.26 billion and a P/E ratio of 7.765. The firm has a 50 day moving average of €85.63 and a 200 day moving average of €85.00. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG has a 12 month low of €63.42 and a 12 month high of €91.67. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €81.00 Price Target” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/morgan-stanley-analysts-give-bayerische-motoren-werke-ag-bmw-a-81-00-price-target.html. Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Company Profile Bayerische Motoren Werke AG is a Germany-based automobile and motorcycle manufacturer. It divides its activities into four segments: Automobiles, Motorcycles, Financial Services and Other Entities. The Automotive segment develops, manufactures, assembles and sells cars and off-road vehicles under the brands BMW, MINI and Rolls-Royce as well as spare parts and accessories. Receive News & Ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Bayerische Motoren Werke AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aviva plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 550 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc ThyssenKrupp AG (TKA) PT Set at €30.00 by Jefferies Group LLC Morgan Stanley Analysts Give Bayerische Motoren Werke AG (BMW) a €81.00 Price Target Goldman Sachs Group Inc Lowers Old Mutual plc (OML) Price Target to GBX 205 VirnetX Holding (VHC) Getting Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Likely to Impact TeleTech Holdings (TTEC) Share Price United Therapeutics (UTHR) Earning Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Recent Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Murphy Oil (MUR) Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for American Express Company (AXP) Polaris Industries (PII) – Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Changes BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Receives $40.38 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages $0.29 EPS Expected for Merit Medical Systems, Inc. (MMSI) This Quarter Apache’s (APA) “Hold” Rating Reiterated at Scotiabank George Hornig Sells 11,288 Shares of Forrester Research, Inc. (FORR) Stock Air Transport Services Group Inc. (ATSG) PT Raised to $23.00 Huntington Bancshares Incorporated (HBAN) EVP Sells $461,859.60 in Stock John Deren Sells 2,246 Shares of Teleflex Incorporated (TFX) Stock Insider Buying: Compass Diversified Holdings (CODI) Insider Buys $484,200.00 in Stock Asure Software Inc (ASUR) Coverage Initiated at Canaccord Genuity Willbros Group (WG) Given News Impact Rating of 0.32 Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 550 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aviva plc (LON:AV) had its price objective lifted by equities researchers at HSBC Holdings plc from GBX 500 ($6.47) to GBX 550 ($7.11) in a note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. The firm currently has a “hold” rating on the stock. HSBC Holdings plc’s target price suggests a potential upside of 2.90% from the company’s current price. AV has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC raised their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 525 ($6.79) to GBX 600 ($7.76) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Berenberg Bank raised their target price on shares of Aviva plc from GBX 440 ($5.69) to GBX 456 ($5.90) and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a report on Monday, April 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a GBX 525 ($6.79) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Monday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 553 ($7.15) target price on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Friday, February 3rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating on shares of Aviva plc in a report on Wednesday, February 15th. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of GBX 550.93 ($7.13). Aviva plc (LON:AV) traded down 0.65% during midday trading on Monday, reaching GBX 535.00. 11,544,381 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50-day moving average is GBX 524.84 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 492.67. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 21.71 billion. Aviva plc has a 12-month low of GBX 290.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 570.50. The business also recently announced a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, May 17th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a GBX 15.88 ($0.21) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a dividend yield of 3%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Aviva plc (AV) Price Target Increased to GBX 550 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/aviva-plc-av-price-target-increased-to-gbx-550-by-analysts-at-hsbc-holdings-plc.html. In other Aviva plc news, insider Adrian Montague purchased 9,303 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 9th. The shares were purchased at an average cost of GBX 535 ($6.92) per share, for a total transaction of £49,771.05 ($64,370.21). Also, insider Andrew Briggs sold 6,562 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 530 ($6.85), for a total transaction of £34,778.60 ($44,980.08). In the last quarter, insiders bought 9,402 shares of company stock worth $5,029,794. About Aviva plc Aviva plc is a holding company. The Company provides customers with long-term insurance and savings, general and health insurance, and fund management products and services. Its segments include United Kingdom & Ireland; France; Poland; Italy, Spain and Other; Canada; Asia; Aviva Investors, and Other Group activities. Receive News & Ratings for Aviva plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aviva plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About Contact Membership Store Donate USA Canada Latin America Africa Middle East Europe Russia Asia Oceania Notre site en Français: mondialisation.ca Italiano Deutsch Português srpski العربية Globalizacion | Asia-Pacific Research Global Research grtv youtube twitter facebook rss US Nato War Economy Civil Rights Environment Poverty Media Justice 9/11 War Crimes Militarization History Science “Democracy Now” Runs Interference for Imperialism in Syria By Danny Haiphong Global Research, May 15, 2017 American Herald Tribune 12 May 2017 Region: USA Theme: Media Disinformation, Terrorism, US NATO War Agenda In-depth Report: SYRIA One of the most peculiar features of the United States is the presence of a rabidly pro-war leftism that poses as “independent” politics. Ever since the Obama Administration made it fashionable for so-called liberals to strike a “Grand Bargain” with the GOP, anti-war politics have been non-existent in public life. The non-profit industrial complex hasn’t helped the situation. Democracy Now, as the best known non-profit “independent news” organ, is the perfect example of pro-war leftism in motion. The organization’s recent coverage of Syria has only encouraged imperialism’s war narrative despite the presence of a GOP-led Administration, House, and Senate. On May 3rd, Democracy Now interviewed Anand Gopal, former fellow at the New America Foundation from 2012-2014. That Democracy Now describes itself as “independent media” yet associates with figures such as Gopal raises question marks about the source’s credibility on the issue of war and peace. The New America Foundation can hardly be considered an impartial source. As is the case for most think-tanks in the US and West, the foundation receives patronage from sources directly invested in war. Such sources include the Ford Foundation, the Open Society Foundation, and a consortium of corporate-backed foundations associated with the Wall Street firms CitiGroup and JP Morgan Chase. Gopal received his political training from the primary benefactors of war, that being the profiteers of finance and monopoly capital. He spent a number of years in Afghanistan embedded in the Taliban and now specializes as the journalistic mouthpiece for terrorists in Syria. His efforts have won him a Pulitzer prize and numerous work opportunities in the NGO industry. According to a recent report in the Moon of Alabama, Gopal has been caught on social media distributing ISIS documents on how to join the organization. His interview with Amy Goodman and Nermeen Shaikh verifies his allegiance to US imperialism’s proxies currently wreaking havoc in Syria and the region at large. Gopal’s claims paint Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad as the cause of all suffering in Syria. He cites “conversations” had with ISIS fighters who reported that they turned to terrorism in response to Bashar Al-Assad’s brutality. Syria and Russia are not only failing to fight terrorism, he claims, but the US also possesses no plan for regime change in the region. The YPG is the only force fighting ISIS.  Of course, none of Gopal’s assertions were supported with concrete evidence beyond talking points. Yet facts on the ground suggest otherwise  The “Assad brutality” narrative has been disproven countless times by independent journalists, especially in relation to allegations of the Syrian government’s use of chemical agents. Journalist Seymour Hersh traced the chemical weapons used to attack Ghouta, Syria in 2013 back to Turkish and Saudi rebel stations and supply chains.  The 2017 chemical weapons attack occurred when the UN had already confirmed three years earlier that the Syrian government had given up all of its chemical weapons in the deal brokered by the US and Russia. If Gopal and his think-tank employers lie about allegations as serious as those involved in chemical weapons disputes, what makes them reliable sources of information about Syria at large? A bigger question is why Democracy Now would host Gopal on its program at all. Why would Democracy Now allow Gopal to run interference by painting Russia and Syria as mass murdering nations and the US as an arbiter of peace? It has been well-documented since 2011 that US involvement in Syria has always been about overthrowing the Syrian government. Defense Intelligence Agency documents confirm that the US willingly aided ISIS in Syria and created the conditions for its rise during the occupation of Iraq beginning in 2003. It is public record that the US and its allies funded and armed the original “revolutionaries” in Syria with the explicit aim to rid of Assad. These foreign, sectarian fighters number in the tens of thousands and have come from places as close as Turkey and as far as the European mainland. All of them are guilty of committing head-chopping crimes in the name of “democracy.” Gopal and Democracy Now do not mention the numerous examples that show the Syrian government’s broad support among the people. In 2012, amidst the proxy invasion, the Syrian government amended the national constitution. It was approved by nearly ninety percent of the Syrian population. In 2014, Bashar Al-Assad was reelected as President with 88.7 percent of the vote. Reputable polls show that the Syrian government is the most popular force in the country. Meanwhile, the likes of Gopal and Democracy Now  continuously fail to mention the atrocities committed by the invading terrorist forces and the aid that they have received from imperialist countries. Democracy Now runs interference for imperialism because it is beholden to funding sources, as are all non-profits and non-governmental organizations. Just as Gopal is a product of the New America Foundation, so too is Democracy Now a product of the Pacifica Foundation’s benefactors. An analysis conducted in Critical Sociology found that the Pacifica Foundation received upwards of 148,000 USD between the years of 1996-1998 from the Ford, Carnegie, and other foundations to launch Democracy Now. The Lannan Foundation gave Democracy Now an additional 375,000 USD packaged in a number of grants, according to the foundation’s IRS 990 forms since 2008. Patrick Lannan, the capitalist mogul who founded the organization, sat on the board of ITT corporation in the late 70s and early 80s. The ITT corporation was instrumental in the CIA-backed fascist coup that overthrew the democratically elected socialist Salvador Allende in 1973. So-called international non-profits such as the Ford Foundation have a long history of receiving enormous donations from the wealthiest individuals and corporations to achieve imperialism’s objectives around the world. Foundations wield a form of “soft power” on behalf of US imperialism. Their main purpose is to provide a “civil society” infrastructure in targeted nations capable of fomenting conditions of regime change. This has been a general condition throughout Latin America. Foundations such as the National Endowment for Democracy and the Ford Foundation have been caught supporting right-wing opposition groups waging destabilization campaigns against Left governments in Venezuela, Ecuador, and Bolivia. So it should come as no surprise that Democracy Now lends legitimacy to the imperialist narrative in Syria. Democracy Now is “independent” in name only. Democracy Now’s staff is beholden to funding sources that hold a large stake in the creation of a humanitarian face to imperialism. So while the outlet may present news and facts on US domestic issues largely left out of the corporate press, it remains a dangerous source of misinformation on the international front. Only a distorted worldview can arise from the lies presented by Amy Goodman’s coverage of Syria. Real independent journalists based in the US exist, but have little financial or political support. Journalism and media must be placed in the context of the generalized struggle against US imperialism. Independent media thrives in periods where peoples’ movements are vibrant and strong. When movements are weak, so too is independent journalism. The corporate media landscape in the US will remain dominant as long as the alternative is conceived within the bowels of corporate foundations. These are radical times, and they require a radical break from the levers of control wielded by both “hard power” and “soft power” mechanisms of imperialism. That includes challenging the narratives put forward by Democracy Now. Danny Haiphong is an activist and radical journalist in the Boston Area. The original source of this article is American Herald Tribune Copyright © Danny Haiphong, American Herald Tribune, 2017 Comment on Global Research Articles on our Facebook page Become a Member of Global Research Articles by: Danny Haiphong Disclaimer: The contents of this article are of sole responsibility of the author(s). The Centre for Research on Globalization will not be responsible for any inaccurate or incorrect statement in this article. The Center of Research on Globalization grants permission to cross-post original Global Research articles on community internet sites as long as the text & title are not modified. The source and the author's copyright must be displayed. For publication of Global Research articles in print or other forms including commercial internet sites, contact: [email protected] www.globalresearch.ca contains copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. We are making such material available to our readers under the provisions of "fair use" in an effort to advance a better understanding of political, economic and social issues. The material on this site is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving it for research and educational purposes. If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes other than "fair use" you must request permission from the copyright owner. For media inquiries: [email protected] Latest News & Top Stories China’s Belt and Road Initiative Contributes to Open, “Win-Win New World”. President Xi Jinping Syria: Trump’s Tomahawks, Double Standards – Using Chemical and Radioactive Weapons for Profit? Shades of 1956 Suez Disaster and the Greater Israel Project: Israel Schemes to Annex The Occupied Territories with US Support The NSA’s Malware, The Exponential Growth of Insecurity Russia on the International Checkerboard CentCom Breaks “Safe Passage” Deal in Syria and Iraq- Making Its Allies Bleed for It The Global Information Environment: Malware, Data Hijacking, Encrypted Files, Unpatched Computer Systems… President Trump: Toss Your Generals’ War Escalation Plans in the Trash British Nuclear Submarines, Microsoft and That Ransomware Attack Migration and Capitalism in The Age of Trump: Toward the Freedom of Movement for People, Not Capital Ukraine: US-Installed Fascist Rule in Europe’s Heartland. Will Donetsk Rejoin Russia? Peace, Harmony and Happiness, Plus a Deluge of Yuan. The Belt and Road Forum in Beijing Leaked: The UK’s Secret Blueprint with Telcos for Mass Spying on Internet, Phones – and Backdoors India: Genetic Engineering, the Commercialization of GM Mustard and the Future of Agriculture NSA Malware: Built Despite Warnings, Used in Global Cyber Attack Most Popular All Articles Global Research Publishers Click Here To Order Online News Themes Terrorism Biotechnology and GMO Crimes against Humanity Culture, Society & History Environment Global Economy Intelligence Law and Justice Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Civil Rights Politics and Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights I-Books Series IN-DEPTH REPORTS UKRAINE REPORT SYRIA: NATO’S NEXT WAR? IRAN: THE NEXT WAR? IRAQ REPORT AFGHANISTAN CLIMATE CHANGE CRIMINALIZE WAR DEPLETED URANIUM FAKE INTELLIGENCE HAITI NATO’S WAR ON LIBYA NORTH KOREA NUCLEAR WAR OCCUPY WALL STREET PAKISTAN PALESTINE THE BALKANS GLOBAL RESEARCH VIDEOS The global research news hour Join us on Facebook Partner Websites Project Censored Stop NATO Strategic Culture Foundation The Corbett Report Washington's Blog youtube twitter facebook rss Global Research News I-BOOKS SERIES Countries Index Authors Index Most Popular Links Contact Membership Online Store Themes Geographic Regions US NATO War Agenda Global Economy Crimes against Humanity Militarization and WMD Law and Justice Police State & Civil Rights History 9/11 & ‘War on Terrorism’ Media Disinformation Militarization and WMD Oil and Energy Police State & Civil Rights Religion Poverty & Social Inequality Science and Medicine United Nations US NATO War Agenda Women’s Rights USA Canada Middle East & North Africa Latin America & Caribbean Europe sub-Saharan Africa Russia and FSU Asia Oceania GlobalResearch Center for Research on Globalization Privacy Policy Copyright © 2005-2017 GlobalResearch.ca
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Tuesday, May 16, 2017 3:00 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Impact on banks from Britain’s vote to leave the EU Monday May 15, 2017 11:25 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Founder of JJPTR investment scheme arrested in Petaling Jaya As deadline passes, Facebook still accessible in Thailand The Edit: See the new teaser for ‘War for the Planet of the Apes’ After 30 years behind bars, ‘Moors Murderer’ Ian Brady dies Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A woman walks past a Standard Chartered bank in London October 13, 2010. — Reuters picLONDON, May 15 — Global banks have warned they could move thousands of jobs out of Britain to prepare for the expected disruption caused by the country’s exit from the European Union, endangering London’s status as a major financial centre. Financial services firms need a regulated subsidiary in an EU country to offer their products across the bloc, and this could lead some to move jobs out of Britain if it loses access to the European single market. Thirteen major banks have given an indication of how they would bulk up their operations in Europe to secure market access. These plans could see more than 9,000 jobs move to the continent in the next two years. Following are some details and reports on the subject: Standard Chartered Standard Chartered is in talks with regulators about making Frankfurt its European base to secure market access to the European Union when Britain leaves the bloc. HSBC Stuart Gulliver, CEO of HSBC, Europe’s biggest bank, said it would relocate staff responsible for generating around a fifth of its UK-based trading revenue, or around 1,000 people, to Paris. Chairman Douglas Flint has told lawmakers that banks without operations elsewhere in the EU will likely trigger migration plans immediately after EU divorce talks begin, estimating “tens of thousands” of jobs are linked to EU “passporting” rights. Barclays Banks in Britain will start shifting some operations to continental Europe reasonably soon to avoid disrupting links with customers after Brexit, Barclays Chief Executive Jes Staley said. He added that obtaining a licence to trade on the continent and changing financial contracts to another jurisdiction took a year to 18 months. The bank is preparing to make Dublin its EU headquarters after Brexit, according to a source familiar with the matter. Staley previously told BBC Radio that Barclays would keep the bulk of its activities in Britain after Brexit and any changes to how the bank operates would be small and manageable. UBS Swiss bank UBS would have to “move 1,500 people” from London to an EU destination in order to retain full passporting rights across the EU, according to UBS chairman Axel Weber. That would be more than a quarter of its current 5,500 staff in London. Separately, Chief Executive Sergio Ermotti has said UBS has a degree of flexibility if its UK outpost looks set to lose its ability to operate across the EU. The world’s biggest wealth manager has also set up a bank in Frankfurt to consolidate most of its European wealth management operations, after the Brexit vote dashed London’s chances of being the host city. Credit Suisse Credit Suisse’s Chief Executive Tidjane Thiam said in September his bank was relatively well placed to deal with the impact of Brexit and that only around 15-20 per cent of volumes in the investment bank would be impacted. Lloyds Banking Group Lloyds Banking Group, Britain’s largest mortgage lender and the only major British retail bank without a subsidiary in another EU country, is close to selecting Berlin as a European base to secure market access to the EU after Britain withdraws. Goldman Sachs US bank Goldman Sachs is considering moving up to 1,000 staff from London to Frankfurt because of concerns over Brexit, Germany’s Handelsblatt newspaper reported in January, citing financial sources. Goldman Sachs will begin moving hundreds of people out of London before any Brexit deal is struck as part of its contingency plans, the Wall Street firm’s Europe CEO said in March. Three people familiar with the matter told Reuters in November that Goldman Sachs was considering shifting some of its assets and operations from London to Frankfurt. Morgan Stanley US bank Morgan Stanley has identified many of the roles that will need to be moved from Britain after Brexit, sources involved in the processes told Reuters. Morgan Stanley, which bases the bulk of its European staff in Britain, will have to move up to 1,000 jobs in sales and trading, risk management, legal and compliance, as well as slimming the back office in favour of locations overseas, one source told Reuters. Morgan Stanley may initially shift 300 staff from Britain following its exit from the EU, and is scouting for office space in Frankfurt and Dublin, Bloomberg News reported in February. Citigroup Citigroup, which has also identified roles that will need to be moved out of the UK and has a large banking unit in Dublin, will need to move 100 posts in its sales and trading business, sources with knowledge of the matter said. Separately, Citigroup’s European chief said the US bank would make a decision on its Brexit contingency plans in the first half of the year and choose from a number of potential EU countries to relocate some investment banking business. JPMorgan JPMorgan Chase has agreed to buy a Dublin building with room for 1,000 staff in the first sign of a financial services company expanding significantly in Ireland since the government began a major campaign to attract firms after Brexit. However, the bank, which currently employs around 500 people in Dublin, did not say how many jobs would be created or whether any positions would be moved from the United Kingdom. Daniel Pinto, head of investment banking at the Wall Street firm, had told Bloomberg on May 3 that the firm planned to move hundreds of London-based bankers to expanded offices in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. CEO Jamie Dimon had previously said the bank was not planning to move many jobs out of Britain in the next two years. Before the vote, Dimon said the bank would be forced to move 4,000 of its 16,000 staff currently based in Britain if the country loses access to the single market. Bank of America Corp Bank of America Corp said in August its businesses and results could be adversely affected and it may have to incur additional costs if Brexit limited the ability of its UK entities to conduct business in the EU. Dublin is Bank of America’s default option for a new base within the EU, but other centres are on the table and no decision has yet been made, an executive said in Germany on March 14. Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank warned on April 26 up to 4,000 UK jobs could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU as a result of Brexit — the highest potential move of any bank. Euroclear Settlement bank Euroclear is looking at the option of setting up a branch or subsidiary to provide a route between its UK and Irish markets following Brexit, the head of its UK and Irish operation said. Daiwa Securities Group Daiwa Securities Group Inc, Japan’s No. 2 brokerage firm, may decide as early as mid-June to move dozens of London-based staff to Frankfurt or another European city, ahead of Britain’s exit from the EU, Chief Executive Seiji Nakata said. The German city is Daiwa’s favoured destination, as London-based staff can easily be transferred to its investment banking branch in Frankfurt, Nakata said. Daiwa said it would keep staff in London even after Brexit, but declined to say how many. It currently employs around 450 people in the EU, mostly in the British capital. Julius Baer Britain’s planned departure from the European Union opens the door for a UK-Swiss deal covering financial services, said Boris Collardi, chief executive at Julius Baer, Switzerland’s third-biggest private bank. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Weak US dollar boosts sentiment for ringgit Singapore sovereign fund GIC pares UBS stake at a loss China’s Xi seeks to rewrite global trade rules as US retreats Bursa opens higher on positive sentiment, firmer oil prices Short-term rates to remain stable on BNM’s intervention AirAsia, Everbright JV to establish LCC in China (VIDEO) Malindo Air to take Batik Air name Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development MOUs for RM31b investments signed in China Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Reuters Video: Trump revealed intelligence secrets to Russia, say officials Reuters Video: Artist creates tattoos you can hear Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Tesla falls as Morgan Stanley flags cash burn, richer rivals UK says Brexit talks with Bentley Motors must remain confidential JPMorgan to buy €125m Dublin office for 1,000 staff British PM May’s Conservatives hold 18-point poll lead Guten gefilte! Jewish delicacies beguile the German capital Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Soldier Features MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Search news, photos and videos on Army.mil Wanted: talented cyber operators By David VergunApril 22, 2016 Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email 1 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Gen. Edward Cardon, U.S. Army Cyber Command and Second Army commander, speaks at the Army Cyber Institute-sponsored Joint Service Academy Cyber Security Summit, at the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y., April 21, 2016. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Retired Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno, senior advisor at JP MorganChase, speaks to industry leaders in cyber at the Army Cyber Institute-sponsored Joint Service Academy Cyber Security Summit, at the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y., April 21, 2016. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 3 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Lt. Gen. Edward Cardon, U.S. Army Cyber Command and Second Army, speaks to a cyber business executive at the Army Cyber Institute-sponsored Joint Service Academy Cyber Security Summit, at the U.S. Military Academy, West Point, N.Y., April 21, 2016. (Photo Credit: David Vergun) VIEW ORIGINAL WEST POINT, N.Y. (Army News Service, April 21, 2016) -- Regarding cyber, "we are training in the dozens and our adversaries are training in the thousands," said Lt. Gen. Edward Cardon, referencing what he heard at a cyber briefing at Carnegie Mellon, one of the top cybersecurity universities in the world. Cardon, commander, U.S. Army Cyber Command and Second Army, spoke at the Army Cyber Institute and Palo Alto Networks-sponsored Joint Service Academy Cyber Security Summit at the U.S. Military Academy, April 21. Retired Army Chief of Staff Gen. Ray Odierno, senior advisor to the chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase, added his own concern about the need for more cyber operators: "I believe within the next five years there will be an attempt to conduct a devastating attack on our infrastructure somewhere in the United States." Everyone agreed that given those concerns, talent management in cyber with regard to recruiting, placement and retention should be a very high priority. PASSIONATE CYBER OPERATORS Cardon said for now, retention is more of a problem than recruiting. He said he believes there are three things that motivate a cyber operator to stay: "Those who are passionate in this space, they want autonomy, purpose and mastery." With regard to purpose, he said cyber operators want to know that what they're doing matters. "When you get the purpose aligned, it's magnificent. They want to be known for what they're doing, it's not just about money." As to autonomy, they don't want to be overly supervised. "The Army is a hierarchical organization, so that's a challenge to work through," he noted. Cyber offers training opportunities to get to higher mastery levels, Cardon said. Also, the Army sends Soldiers to other agencies or industry to work with them -- and they really like that. Along with mastery, they can work with some real cutting-edge technology, he added. "You can do some really neat things that you can't do on the outside." As to compensation, there are a number of bonus programs, he said. Odierno added that while compensation is important, cyber operators need job satisfaction and to know from their supervisors that their work is truly appreciated. FLOATING NEW RETENTION IDEAS But even all of that doesn't always hold people in, Cardon admitted. That's why the Army created a cyber branch and is in the process of developing an incentivizing track, along with the rest of the Department of Defense. What that track will be isn't clear yet, but here's how it might look, he offered. If a cyber operator decides to leave the Army, he or she might retain all clearances and be in some sort of reserve status, he posited. And, "if we need you, we could call you back," which they would probably like, because it likely would involve solving some unique, difficult and interesting problem. "But just as importantly, if you just wanted to come back, you could come back," he said. "All that's being worked and the reason we can do that is we have a branch to work through it." RELATED LINKS Army News Service Army.mil: Science and technology news RELATED STORIES April 26, 2017Exercise Cyber Shield 2017 gets underway May 10, 2017New incentives bundled into retention bonus program May 10, 20173ABCT UAS operators integrate with maneuver, artillery units May 10, 2017Army Chief of Staff visits cyber Soldiers at NTC April 21, 2017SMA Dailey strengthens Atlantic Resolve Soldiers' purpose May 4, 2017Guard and Reserve Soldiers team up for cyber defense May 1, 2017'Red Cell' challenges cyber warriors in combined exercise May 1, 2017Participants in Cyber Shield 17 complete cybersecurity course April 28, 2017National Guard launches major Cyber exercise May 5, 2017Louisiana National Guard's cyber team travels to Utah for exercise May 4, 2017Army Recruiting Brigade Hosts Educator's Tour, Visits Cyber Brigade April 21, 2017Gray Cyber Center wins DISA award April 13, 20172CR Career Counselors earn Retention Team of the Quarter Award April 24, 2017Soldiers Compete to Represent Cyber Brigade at Best Warrior Competition May 4, 2017Fully engaged in your work? Let your voice be heard! April 7, 2017Department of the Army announces upcoming deployment and intent to retain Alaska Airborne Brigade Official U.S. Army Facebook Official U.S. Army Twitter Official U.S. Army Youtube Official U.S. Army Flickr Official U.S. Army Instagram Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA No FEAR Act Social Sharing Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Share on Reddit Share on LinkedIn Share via Email
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester Host Real Estate Mastermind Forum The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester Host Real Estate Mastermind Forum Posted on May 15, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Event featured keynote presentation by world-renowned economist Hugh F. Kelly and a lively question and answer session with finance, transportation and urban planning experts. Westchester County, NY (PRWEB) May 15, 2017 The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester co-hosted the successful Real Estate Mastermind Forum: 24-Hour Cities – Emerging Trends in Transactions, Technology and Transportation on Wed, May 10. The event, which took place at the University’s West Harrison campus, brought together industry experts and County leaders for a discussion on the future of the real estate market and the makings of a 24-Hour city. Keynote speaker Hugh F. Kelly, PhD, CRE, shared research on Westchester cities’ population density threshold, public safety ratings and office and multifamily transactions. Trends in Metro North ridership and walkability scores were also analyzed. “According to Metro North statistics, there are 64% more commuters on Metro North east of the Hudson Line than there were three decades ago, and only half of the growth is in commutation to and from Manhattan,” said Kelly. “Once you get off the train, Westchester’s downtowns are quite walkable. Walk Score, an algorithmically-based statistic that measures how close residents are to amenities such as coffee shops, restaurants, gyms, etc., ranks many of the County’s downtowns as ‘Walkers Paradises.’ Typically you have to achieve a score of 90 out of 100 to get that ranking, and you see that in towns like White Plains, New Rochelle, Mount Vernon and Yonkers, among others.” Kelly continued, “To the best of my knowledge, this is the first time that any organization has tried to look at this from the point of view of suburban cities, so you’re at the cutting edge here in Westchester.” Kelly is a Special Advisor to the Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies, a world-renowned economist and the head of his own consulting practice, Hugh F. Kelly Real Estate Economics, as well as the author of 24-Hour Cities: Real Investment Performance, Not Just Promises. A thought-provoking question and answer session with industry experts followed Kelly’s presentation, featuring Michael Patrick Davidson (Managing Director – Global Real Estate, Head of the Americas & World Headquarters, JP Morgan Chase and Co.); Rosemary Scanlon (Chair of the Board, TransitCenter, a nonprofit advocate for public transit; former Chief Economist for PANYNJ; former Divisional Dean at NYU); and David Schiff, AICP (from Kimley-Horn and chair of Westchester/Fairfield Urban Land Institute). In addition to Westchester real estate professionals, Mayor Thomas Roach of White Plains and Mayor Richard Thomas of Mount Vernon were also in attendance. “The inaugural Real Estate Mastermind Forum was a great introduction for Fordham’s Real Estate Institute here in Westchester County, as well as a springboard for a future Master’s program. We were thrilled to work alongside The Business Council of Westchester on such an important event,” said Anthony R. Davidson, PhD, MBA, dean of Fordham’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies. “Between Hugh Kelly’s impressive research and our other industry experts’ thought-provoking questions, we truly brought some of the leading minds together to take a deep look at the potential success and continued growth of Westchester’s cities.” Marsha Gordon, President and CEO of the Business Council of Westchester, said that the program was part of a larger BCW economic development initiative focused on revitalizing Westchester’s urban areas. She said the BCW would be presenting a “Playbook” outlining strategies for the county’s urban areas in the coming months. “We have many vibrant downtowns in Westchester: White Plains, Yonkers, Mount Vernon, New Rochelle,’’ said Gordon. “Our goal is to focus on attracting companies and developers to these areas as part of an overall economic development strategy. Today’s program offered some very valuable information toward this goal." The Real Estate Mastermind Forum: 24-Hour Cities – Emerging Trends in Transactions, Technology and Transportation was sponsored by Bank of America, Clear Channel Outdoor, Inc., First American Title Insurance Company, and The Yonkers Industrial Development Agency (IDA). ABOUT THE REAL ESTATE INSTITUTE AT FORDHAM’S SCHOOL OF PROFESSIONAL AND CONTINUING STUDIES The Real Estate Institute at Fordham’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies currently offers a comprehensive array of professional certificates and industry events, with an anticipated launch of graduate degrees in the near future. Serving professionals and owners/investors of all stripes, the program has four specialized tracks: Finance and Investment, Financial Modeling, Development, and Construction Project Management. Program curriculum is centered on real-world skill sets and taught by talented industry insiders. Flexibility and convenience are program hallmarks: classes can be taken in-person, online, and at various paces. For more information, visit http://www.fordham.edu/realestate. ABOUT THE BUSINESS COUNCIL OF WESTCHESTER The County’s largest and most influential business membership organization, The Business Council of Westchester is committed to helping businesses market, learn, advocate and grow. In addition, The Business Council of Westchester is actively involved in reviewing federal, state and county legislation and regulations in order to assess the potential impact on the business community and to influence the outcomes through advocacy when the business community’s interests may be affected. It also acts as an information resource for the business community and government leaders at all levels. Visit http://www.thebcw.org. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14331657.htm Latest News Viscount Mining Corp Has Some of the Highest Assays of Silver Ore Ever Reported in North America M S International, Inc. Expands Porcelain and Ceramic Collections with New Introductions Caveo Learning Named to Training Industry’s Top Content Development Companies List John Reaves Joins the Strategy 2 Market Team The Real Estate Institute at Fordham University’s School of Professional and Continuing Studies and The Business Council of Westchester Host Real Estate Mastermind Forum Lizzie’s Lice Pickers Now Offering Treatment For “Super Lice” Nsight Launches SuccessFactors® Practice New Postcard Sizes Now Available at DocuCopies.com TERRA Network Receives Critical Financing to Bring Internet to Rural Alaska PBS SoCal’s Social Impact Initiative “To Foster Change” Launches New Campaign for National Foster Care Month in May © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Sections Here Is The City Financial Markets Football Business Sport Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video SEARCH HITC FINANCIAL MARKETS FOOTBALL ABOUT US HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email Home Financial Markets Football Home Home Scores & Fixtures Tables Teams Video Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC JP Morgan appears to make good on Brexit threat with new Dublin office The Guardian @guardianPublished now The Guardian @guardianPublished now                                                                               US bank JP Morgan is buying a landmark office building in Dublin in a significant boost for the Irish capital following the Brexit vote. The new premises will be able to house 1,000 staff – double the number of personnel the US bank currently employs in Dublin. The move is regarded as the first major expansion in Ireland by a financial services firm since the UK’s referendum. The bank is reportedly paying €125m for the building at the flagship Capital Dock development in Dublin’s docklands, which is due to be completed in the latter part of 2018. The US bank said earlier this month that Dublin would be used as one of three main bases in the EU from which it will carry out the activities it used to carry out in London. “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union,” said Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland, as the new office deal was announced. “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours.” The announcement coincided with a report in the Financial Times that JP Morgan intends to hire more staff in Dublin for its custody operations, which look after the investments of major investors, hedge funds and big companies. James Kenny, JP Morgan’s head of investor services, told the FT that the bank intended to hire a “significant” number of staff in Dublin to expand the custody business. “Growth plans are driving our real estate plan,” Kenny said. Earlier this month, the bank warned it might have to move staff – possibly as many as 1,000 from the City of London – as a result of Brexit. At the time Daniel Pinto, JP Morgan’s head of investment banking, said: “We are going to use the three banks we already have in Europe as the anchors for our operations … We will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers”. JP Morgan employs 16,000 people across the UK, with about 11,000 in the City, 4,000 in Bournemouth – it is the biggest private-sector employer in Dorset – with the remainder in Scotland. In the run up to the referendum, the bank had warned up to 4,000 roles could be lost. Other banks are also preparing to bulk up their businesses outside London, although it is not thought activities will fragment across the EU. Richard Gnodde, the head of European operations at Goldman Sachs, has said he would need more people in Madrid, Milan, Paris and other EU centres. Deutsche Bank has said up to 4,000 jobs from its UK workforce of 9,000 could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU because of uncertainty about Britain’s relationship with the remaining 27 countries in the EU. HSBC has said 1,000 roles will go to Paris. This article was written by Jill Treanor, for theguardian.com on Monday 15th May 2017 12.50 Europe/Londonguardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media Limited 2010   Show Comments And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2017 is... The Guardian More articles from The Guardian @guardian Latest news, sport, business, comment, analysis and reviews from the Guardian, the world's leading liberal voice. COMMENTS Show Comments Register for Financial Markets News Alerts About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Berry Global Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berry Global Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Telekomunikasi Indones (Prsr)Tbk PT-ADR (TLK) Receives Coverage Optimism Score of 0.48 MKM Partners Reaffirms “Neutral” Rating for NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Capital Properties Inc (CPTP) Issues Earnings Results Berry Global Group (BERY) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.52 Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Receiving Positive Media Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NxStage Medical’s (NXTM) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Interactive Brokers Group (IBKR) Receiving Favorable News Coverage, Analysis Shows BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms Underperform Rating for NVIDIA Co. (NVDA) Sirius XM Holdings (SIRI) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports NV5 Global Inc (NVEE) Lifted to “Strong-Buy” at Zacks Investment Research New Home Company Inc (NWHM) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Applied Materials, Inc. (AMAT) Stake Reduced by APG Asset Management N.V. Amica Retiree Medical Trust Continues to Hold Position in Northrop Grumman Co. (NOC) Adell Harriman & Carpenter Inc. Boosts Stake in American Tower Corp (AMT) Canaccord Genuity Reiterates Buy Rating for LTC Properties Inc (LTC) American National Insurance Co. TX Continues to Hold Position in Charles Schwab Corp (SCHW) Priceline Group Inc (PCLN) Stake Maintained by Amica Pension Fund Board of Trustees DexCom, Inc. (DXCM) PT Lowered to $91.00 at Jefferies Group LLC DLH Holdings Corp. (DLHC) Downgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Berry Global Group (BERY) Receiving Positive News Coverage, Analysis Finds May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News headlines about Berry Global Group (NYSE:BERY) have trended positive on Monday, Alpha One reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative press coverage by monitoring more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. Alpha One ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Berry Global Group earned a coverage optimism score of 0.49 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave news coverage about the industrial products company an impact score of 83 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very likely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the next several days. These are some of the media stories that may have effected AlphaOne’s analysis: Berry Global Group, Inc. (NYSE:BERY) Valuation Review & QI Update – DARC News (darcnews.com) Berry Global Group, Inc. (BERY): Notable Buzzer – Morning Times (wallstreetmorning.com) Positive Press Coverage Unlikely to Affect Berry Global Group (BERY) Share Price (emfizz.com) J.P. Morgan Chase Commercial Mortgage Securities Trust 2010-C1 — Moody’s Affirms Seven and Downgrades One Class of JPMCC 2010-C1 (finance.yahoo.com) Is Berry Global Group, Inc. (NYSE:BERY) Fairly Valued? – DARC News (darcnews.com) A number of equities research analysts recently issued reports on BERY shares. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Berry Global Group from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Deutsche Bank AG raised their price objective on shares of Berry Global Group from $56.00 to $60.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $59.00 price objective on shares of Berry Global Group in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Credit Suisse Group AG raised their price objective on shares of Berry Global Group from $62.00 to $67.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Friday, May 5th. Finally, Citigroup Inc restated a “buy” rating on shares of Berry Global Group in a research report on Tuesday, March 7th. Five research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $55.00. Berry Global Group (NYSE:BERY) traded up 0.650% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $56.545. 158,269 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Berry Global Group has a 52-week low of $34.98 and a 52-week high of $56.94. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $50.41 and a 200 day moving average of $49.35. The company has a market cap of $7.32 billion, a P/E ratio of 24.531 and a beta of 1.12. Berry Global Group (NYSE:BERY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, May 3rd. The industrial products company reported $0.79 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.12. Berry Global Group had a return on equity of 192.84% and a net margin of 4.44%. The company had revenue of $1.81 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.79 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $0.58 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 11.9% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts anticipate that Berry Global Group will post $2.86 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other news, President Curt Begle sold 18,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.23, for a total value of $994,140.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the president now owns 31,200 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,723,176. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Corporate insiders own 3.11% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/berry-global-group-bery-receiving-positive-news-coverage-analysis-finds.html. About Berry Global Group Berry Global Group, Inc, formerly Berry Plastics Group, Inc, is a provider of value-added plastic consumer packaging, non-woven specialty materials and engineered materials. The Company offers products, such as closures, prescription vials, specialty films, adhesives, nonwovens, drink cups, containers and bottles. Receive News & Ratings for Berry Global Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Berry Global Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Essent Group Ltd - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News FactSet Research Systems Inc. (FDS) Earns Hold Rating from Analysts at Deutsche Bank AG Global Net Lease Inc (GNL) Cut to “Strong Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Jefferies Group LLC Boosts Genco Shipping & Trading Limited Ordinary Shares New (Marshall Islands) (GNK) Price Target to $22.00 Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research BMO Capital Markets Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Duke Energy Corp (DUK) Floor & Decor Holdings’ (FND) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at BTIG Research Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Upgraded at Sanford C. Bernstein Assurant (AIZ) Given News Impact Rating of 0.56 Ark Restaurants Corp (ARKR) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results Community Trust Bancorp, Inc. (CTBI) Position Lowered by Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Has $290,000 Stake in Innospec Inc. (IOSP) First Republic Bank (FRC) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Sells 1,238 Shares of SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (SEAS) Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Position Increased by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Wedge Capital Management L L P NC Buys 5,354 Shares of Triple-S Management Corp. (GTS) 54,121 Shares in Eaton Co., PLC (ETN) Acquired by Seminole Management Co. Inc. Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Boosts Stake in Cal-Maine Foods Inc (CALM) Sprouts Farmers Market Inc (SFM) Shares Bought by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Hawkins Capital L.P. Has $9.298 Million Position in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Nordstrom, Inc. (JWN) Stake Increased by Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Essent Group Ltd (ESNT) Cut to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Essent Group Ltd (NYSE:ESNT) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Essent Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, operates as a private mortgage insurance company. It serves originators of residential mortgage loans, such as regulated depository institutions, mortgage banks, credit unions, and other lenders. Essent Group Ltd. is based in Hamilton, Bermuda. “ A number of other research firms also recently issued reports on ESNT. JPMorgan Chase & Co. downgraded Essent Group from an overweight rating to a neutral rating and set a $39.00 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Friday, April 21st. Keefe, Bruyette & Woods reaffirmed a hold rating and issued a $40.00 price objective on shares of Essent Group in a research note on Friday, April 28th. BTIG Research reaffirmed a hold rating on shares of Essent Group in a research note on Sunday, February 12th. Barclays PLC lifted their price objective on Essent Group from $40.00 to $43.00 and gave the stock an overweight rating in a research note on Monday, May 8th. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised Essent Group from an underperform rating to a buy rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $38.00 to $43.00 in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Six equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the stock. Essent Group presently has an average rating of Hold and an average price target of $38.29. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) traded up 0.65% on Wednesday, hitting $36.96. 75,479 shares of the company traded hands. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.45 billion, a PE ratio of 14.16 and a beta of 1.19. Essent Group has a 1-year low of $19.57 and a 1-year high of $39.50. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $36.84 and its 200 day moving average price is $33.64. Essent Group (NYSE:ESNT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Friday, May 5th. The financial services provider reported $0.72 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.69 by $0.03. Essent Group had a return on equity of 17.85% and a net margin of 48.58%. The business had revenue of $127.60 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $126.70 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $0.52 EPS. The company’s revenue was up 24.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Essent Group will post $2.94 EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/essent-group-ltd-esnt-cut-to-hold-at-zacks-investment-research.html. Hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. SG Americas Securities LLC bought a new position in Essent Group during the third quarter valued at $420,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in Essent Group by 83.4% in the third quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 251,912 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $6,704,000 after buying an additional 114,580 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in Essent Group by 12.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 2,030,071 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $54,020,000 after buying an additional 224,042 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in Essent Group by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 196,225 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $5,221,000 after buying an additional 8,028 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Rhumbline Advisers increased its position in Essent Group by 9.7% in the third quarter. Rhumbline Advisers now owns 76,601 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $2,038,000 after buying an additional 6,793 shares in the last quarter. 85.37% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Essent Group Company Profile Essent Group Ltd. is a private mortgage insurance company. The Company is engaged in offering private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. Its products and services include mortgage insurance, contract underwriting, and Bermuda-based insurance and reinsurance. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Essent Group (ESNT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Essent Group Ltd Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Essent Group Ltd and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} Business #​{{::display_hashtag}} {{article.article.pretty_date}} {{article.metrics.page_views}} Edit Post{{circ_link.title}} Technology Executives Model Best Practices For Attracting, Developing And Retaining Diverse Talent {{article.article.images.featured.caption}} Most Read {{contrib_block.display_advoice_brand}} {{contrib_block.display_voice_type}} {{contrib_block.display_author.name}}Voice With {{contrib_block.authors[0].blogName}} Grads of Life ,   {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor {{contrib_block.display_author.type}} Contributor Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Full Bio Recent Posts Popular Posts Full profile →'"> The author is a Forbes contributor. The opinions expressed are those of the writer. Loading ... Loading ... This story appears in the {{article.article.magazine.pretty_date}} issue of {{article.article.magazine.pubName}}. Subscribe In 2016, Per Scholas and the Information Technology Senior Management Forum (ITSMF) launched Diverse by Design, a national conversation series focused on increasing diversity and inclusion in the technology workforce. The conversation’s goal is to bring together executive leadership and hiring managers to discuss best practices and collaboratively develop solutions to forge a more direct path for businesses to attract, develop, and retain diverse talent. Three events have been hosted so far in New York City, Washington D.C., and at the National Society of Black Engineers Annual Convention in Kansas City, MO. Speakers and audience members have included Chief Executive Officers, Chief Technology Officers, Chief Information Security Officers and Chief Diversity Officers as well as hiring managers, nonprofit partners, and government and community leaders. Per Scholas Gene Waddy, CEO of Diversant LLC, addresses the leaders and talent professionals gathered at Diverse By Design's recent event. The strength of the series relies on the expertise and insights of executives and hiring managers who are able to remain transparent and learn effectively along with a group of peers. Diversity comes and stays when corporations embrace alternative hiring solutions and implement shifts within their corporate structure to grow diverse talent. The Diverse by Design National Working Group was developed as a result of the first convening in June 2016. The National Working Group is composed of leaders in the public, private, nonprofit and philanthropic sectors focused on uncovering, distilling and promoting best practices that attract, develop and retain more diverse and inclusive talent to all ranks of the tech sector. From the Diverse by Design Conversations... “Innovation comes from diverse thinking. Diversity is more than just race or gender. Diverse thinking is shifting how we do business.”  Ali Marano, Head of Technology for Social Good, Diversity + Inclusion at JPMorgan Chase, Diverse by Design, Google, New York City Diverse by Design’s first convening at Google’s headquarters in New York City offered a consensus among executive speakers that diversity of thought is the driving force behind innovative corporate success. New concepts, products, and implementation strategies owe their accomplishments to the diverse thinking of designers, engineers, support staff and management practices. In a global economy, particularly the United States, building a workforce that continues to represent the diversity of a company’s consumer base will result in constant insights into production and implementation of better products and increased sales. Research shows that diverse companies are 35 percent more likely to outperform their counterparts, yet 97 percent of domestic senior leadership teams fail to reflect the demographic composition of the United States. “It is all about the organizational chart. If the org. chart stays the same then something is going wrong.” Michael Bennett, Executive Vice President, Evan & Chambers Technology, Diverse by Design, Google, Washington D.C. Michael Bennett’s keynote address in Washington D.C. addressed the practical tools he has leveraged over a lengthy career growing and retaining diverse talent. Bennett suggests that the dollars spent or the number of diversity initiatives a company launches remain inconsequential if the organizational chart remains homogeneous. Bennett shared a learning moment when his leadership team decided to create diverse hiring committees involving people of color and women in the recruitment and hiring process. However, a full year later recent hires remained remarkably similar to the company's overall non-diverse make-up. Bennett argued that although it may have sounded like a good idea and it looked even better on paper, it was not enough to change the hiring landscape and they had to enact additional steps to see the change they wanted to take place. “Diversity is not a mathematical equation - it is a culture change” Tony Spinelli, Chief Operating Officer, Fractal Industries, Inc., Diverse by Design, National Society of Black Engineers, Kansas City Executives will often stay focused on numbers and data to drive decisions around diversifying their workforce. However, Tony Spinelli, a world expert in Cybersecurity, argues that he has found significant success by critically examining his company culture and intentionally working against pre-established systems for hiring and promotion to make the biggest differences. Too often, diverse hiring of non-traditional talent is blocked because the process has never been done before. It takes intentional conversations and executives supporting their courageous leaders to move an organizational chart in the right direction. Get Involved For more information about upcoming conversations and ways you can partner with Diverse by Design, please email diversebydesign@perscholas.org. About The Diverse by Design event series is hosted by Per Scholas, a national social change organization that prepares motivated adults who are un- or underemployed with the technical and business skills to launch life-changing careers in technology. The event is co-hosted by ITSMF, the only national organization dedicated to exclusively cultivating professional talent among African-American IT executives. Diverse by Design is generously supported by partners including JPMorgan Chase & Co., Google, CompTIA and the National Society of Black Engineers. To learn more visit www.diversebydesign.org. Start Gallery Page {{article.article.page + 1}} / {{article.article.pages.length}} Continue {{article.article.calledOutCommentCount||''}}Comment on this story Print Send Us Feedback Report Corrections Reprints & Permissions Trending on Forbes {{channel_name}} false
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Spark Therapeutics Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Unifi, Inc. (UFI) Director Buys $701,500.00 in Stock Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Given a $94.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts Office Depot’s (ODP) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Carlisle Companies’ (CSL) Buy Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. General Dynamics Co. (GD) Downgraded to “Market Perform” at Sanford C. Bernstein Fiesta Restaurant Group Inc (FRGI) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Fitbit Inc (FIT) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Lamar Advertising Company (LAMR) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Open Text Corp (OTEX) Price Target Raised to $56.00 Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Given a $46.00 Price Target by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Qumu Corp (QUMU) Raised to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Rtl Group (RGLXF) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Sangamo Therapeutics Inc (SGMO) to Sell Semtech Co. (SMTC) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Senomyx Inc. (SNMX) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Sotherly Hotels Inc (SOHO) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Cowen and Company Analysts Give Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) a $21.00 Price Target Penntex Midstream Partners LP (PTXP) Earns “Hold” Rating from Stifel Nicolaus Soligenix, Inc. (SNGX) Given a $4.00 Price Target by Maxim Group Analysts Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Given a $94.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Cantor Fitzgerald set a $94.00 price objective on Spark Therapeutics Inc (NASDAQ:ONCE) in a report released on Tuesday morning. The firm currently has a buy rating on the biotechnology company’s stock. A number of other analysts also recently weighed in on ONCE. Stifel Nicolaus restated a buy rating and issued a $76.00 price target on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Monday, April 10th. Vetr downgraded Spark Therapeutics from a buy rating to a hold rating and set a $62.50 price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. BMO Capital Markets restated an outperform rating and issued a $69.00 price target on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a hold rating and issued a $57.00 price target on shares of Spark Therapeutics in a research note on Tuesday, January 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $82.00 price target on Spark Therapeutics and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Buy and an average target price of $68.31. Shares of Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) opened at 57.24 on Tuesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $54.82 and a 200 day moving average price of $56.09. Spark Therapeutics has a 52-week low of $32.89 and a 52-week high of $65.99. The stock’s market cap is $1.78 billion. Spark Therapeutics (NASDAQ:ONCE) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, May 9th. The biotechnology company reported ($1.70) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($1.36) by $0.34. The company had revenue of $1.27 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.35 million. Spark Therapeutics had a negative net margin of 441.05% and a negative return on equity of 28.28%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.95) EPS. Analysts expect that Spark Therapeutics will post ($6.70) earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Spark Therapeutics Inc (ONCE) Given a $94.00 Price Target by Cantor Fitzgerald Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/spark-therapeutics-inc-once-given-a-94-00-price-target-by-cantor-fitzgerald-analysts.html. In other Spark Therapeutics news, Director Anand Mehra sold 35,347 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $65.03, for a total transaction of $2,298,615.41. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, CFO Stephen W. Webster sold 1,898 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, April 24th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.00, for a total value of $104,390.00. Following the sale, the chief financial officer now owns 4,398 shares in the company, valued at $241,890. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 226,143 shares of company stock worth $14,356,283. 9.60% of the stock is owned by company insiders. A number of hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Pacad Investment Ltd. purchased a new stake in Spark Therapeutics during the fourth quarter worth approximately $160,000. Argentus Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $293,000. KCG Holdings Inc. increased its stake in Spark Therapeutics by 9.4% in the first quarter. KCG Holdings Inc. now owns 6,247 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $333,000 after buying an additional 538 shares during the last quarter. Endurant Capital Management LP purchased a new stake in Spark Therapeutics during the third quarter worth approximately $348,000. Finally, State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System increased its stake in Spark Therapeutics by 4.1% in the fourth quarter. State Board of Administration of Florida Retirement System now owns 8,204 shares of the biotechnology company’s stock worth $409,000 after buying an additional 320 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 83.97% of the company’s stock. Spark Therapeutics Company Profile Spark Therapeutics, Inc is a gene therapy company. The Company focuses on treating orphan diseases. It has a pipeline of product candidates targeting multiple rare blinding conditions, hematologic disorders and neurodegenerative diseases. Its pipeline includes a product candidate targeting choroideremia (CHM), which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial and a product candidate for hemophilia A, which is in a Phase I/II clinical trial. Receive News & Ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Spark Therapeutics Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States BlackLine Files for Secondary Offering By Chris Lange May 15, 2017 8:35 am EDT Print Email Tweet BlackLine Inc. (NASDAQ: BL) has filed an S-1 form with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regarding its secondary offering. The company did not mention any pricing details in the filing, but its offering is valued up to $100 million, although this is usually just a placeholder. The underwriters for the offering are Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan, Pacific Crest Securities, Raymond James, William Blair and JMP Securities. This company has created a comprehensive cloud-based software platform designed to transform and modernize accounting and finance operations for organizations of all types and sizes. Its secure, scalable platform supports critical accounting processes such as the financial close, account reconciliation, intercompany accounting and controls assurance. By introducing software to automate these processes and to enable them to function continuously, BlackLine is enhancing real-time visibility into its operations. Critical accounting and finance processes underlie the integrity of an organization’s financial reports. The lack of effective accounting and finance tools can result in inefficient and cumbersome processes and, in some cases, accounting errors, restatements and write-offs, as well as material weaknesses and significant deficiencies. Traditional enterprise resource planning (ERP) systems do not generally provide effective solutions for processes handled outside of an organization’s general ledger, such as balance sheet account reconciliation, intercompany transaction accounting and the broader financial close process. In the filing, BlackLine described its finances as follows: For the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, we had revenues of $123.1 million and $83.6 million, respectively, and we incurred net losses of $39.2 million and $24.7 million, respectively. For the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, we had revenues of $38.6 million and $26.6 million, respectively, and we incurred net losses of $9.0 million and $9.3 million, respectively. The company will not receive any proceeds from the offering; instead the selling shareholders will. Shares of BlackLine closed Friday at $31.92, with a consensus analyst price target of $35.00 and a post-IPO trading range of $21.66 to $33.71. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « OPEC, Russia Want Longer Period of Production Cuts Defending Yourself — and Your Computer — From WannaCry Ransomware » Read more: Technology, Cloud Computing, IPOs and Secondaries Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Retailers Closing the Most Stores States Investing the Most and Least in Children American Cities Where China Is Investing the Most Recent Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 J.C. Penney, Verizon Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems Lift DJIA Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Tribune's Tronc Inc. to buy Chicago Sun-Times owner Dow finishes up 0.4% Nasdaq Composite climbs 0.5% to finish at an all-time high Waymo's Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What's in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Azul SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Azul SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. (TMO) Stake Decreased by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Arrow Electronics, Inc. (ARW) Shares Bought by Russell Investments Group Ltd. IFP Advisors Inc Has $130,000 Stake in Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corp (WAB) Biocept Inc (BIOC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Bellicum Pharmaceuticals Inc (BLCM) Apache Co. Plans Quarterly Dividend of $0.25 (APA) IFP Advisors Inc Has $137,000 Position in Medley Capital Corp (MCC) BioScrip Inc (BIOS) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research First Midwest Bank Trust Division Sells 9,990 Shares of Danaher Co. (DHR) Azul SA (AZUL) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. Assurant, Inc. to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.53 (AIZ) Cosan Ltd (czz) to Issue Annual Dividend of $0.08 on May 26th State of New Jersey Common Pension Fund D Continues to Hold Stake in ResMed Inc. (RMD) UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Position Lowered by Russell Investments Group Ltd. Community Healthcare Trust (CHCT) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.20 Chunghwa Telecom Co. (CHT) Given News Sentiment Rating of 0.69 C R Bard (BCR) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Study Finds Piper Jaffray Companies Analysts Give Walt Disney Co (DIS) a $130.00 Price Target TD Securities Reaffirms “Buy” Rating for Franco Nevada Corp (FNV) Oasis Petroleum Inc. (OAS) Rating Reiterated by Williams Capital Azul SA (AZUL) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc. May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Raymond James Financial, Inc. began coverage on shares of Azul SA (NASDAQ:AZUL) in a research report released on Tuesday. The brokerage issued an outperform rating and a $30.00 price target on the stock. Several other equities analysts have also recently weighed in on AZUL. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated an overweight rating on shares of Azul SA in a report on Monday, May 8th. Citigroup Inc began coverage on Azul SA in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. They set a buy rating and a $34.00 price target for the company. Azul SA (NASDAQ:AZUL) opened at 24.20 on Tuesday. Azul SA has a one year low of $21.25 and a one year high of $25.82. The stock’s market cap is $14.32 billion. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $23.31 and its 200 day moving average price is $23.31. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Azul SA (AZUL) Earns Outperform Rating from Analysts at Raymond James Financial, Inc.” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/azul-sa-azul-earns-outperform-rating-from-analysts-at-raymond-james-financial-inc.html. Azul SA Company Profile Azul SA is a Brazil-based company engaged in the provision of passenger transportation services. The Company primarily acts as an airline operator under the Azul brand name. The Company provides scheduled flights between numerous cities in Brazil, including Sao Paulo, Brasilia, Rio de Janeiro, Belo Horizonte, Porto Alegre, Curitiba, Manaus, Cuiaba, Fortaleza and Salvador, among others. Receive News & Ratings for Azul SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Azul SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: SeongJoon Cho/Bloomberg World's No.1 Money Fund Said to Face Pressure to Cut Inflows Bloomberg News May 15, 2017, 7:34 AM EDT May 15, 2017, 8:55 PM EDT Yu’E Bao to lower individual investment cap by more than half New investment limit may be imposed as soon as this month China’s central bank is urging Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.’s financial affiliate to reduce the maximum amount individuals can invest in its Yu’E Bao money-market fund to limit risks to financial markets, people with knowledge of the matter said. Yu’E Bao, the world’s largest money-market fund, will cut its current 1 million yuan ($145,000) investment cap by more than half after receiving input from the People’s Bank of China, according to the people, who asked not to be identified discussing sensitive information. The limit may be imposed as soon as this month and will apply to new money inflows, they said. Owned by Alibaba’s Ant Financial affiliate, Yu’E Bao has since its launch about four years ago lured about 325 million Chinese investors, almost the entire population of the U.S., as it offered higher returns than bank deposits. The fund’s assets grew to 1.14 trillion yuan by March, topping the size of the JPMorgan U.S. Government Money Market Fund. Yu’E Bao’s size has spurred concerns about its influence over the nation’s interbank market, where most of its money is invested, and where borrowing costs have soared to a two-year high amid the government’s renewed campaign against leverage. Moody’s Investors Service said in a note last week that Yu’E Bao has been putting more money into longer-maturity assets and liquidity risks will increase if that trend continues. The PBOC couldn’t immediately comment. A representative for Tianhong Asset Management Co., which is majority owned by Ant Financial and manages Yu’E Bao funds, said in a text message that transfers by customers into their Yu’E Bao accounts were currently normal, without commenting further. Ant Financial didn’t immediately return an email seeking comment. “An oversized fund carries significant systemic risks,” said Shi Lei, Beijing-based head of fixed-income research at Ping An Securities Co., adding that regulators were tightening oversight after big redemptions at some money-market funds last year. Riskier Banks Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Yu’E Bao -- which means “leftover treasure” -- was made available through Ant Financial’s Alipay platform with no minimum investment or time frame, and can be used to make credit-card payments and buy products. About 99.7 percent of Yu’E Bao investors are individuals, according to its annual report, rather than companies or financial intermediaries, as is typically the case at other Chinese money-market funds. Moody’s expressed concern about Yu’E Bao’s increased holdings of interbank negotiable certificates of deposit, which more than doubled in the first quarter, and included NCDs issued by China’s smaller and riskier banks. The fund has benefited from a government deleveraging drive that drove up borrowing costs and money-market fund returns. The average seven-day return for Yu’E Bao’s investors was recently an annualized 4.02 percent, versus 2.52 percent at the end of November, data from Tianhong’s website show. America’s recent experience with money-market fund regulation suggests any tightening move on Yu’E Bao could lead to unintended consequences. A U.S. overhaul of the industry in October -- meant to make money funds safer and more transparent in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis -- sparked a $1 trillion exodus from “prime” money funds that buy certificates of deposit and short-term company IOUs. The outflows helped boost commercial paper rates to the highest level since the financial crisis and forced borrowers to search for alternative sources of funding. Ant Financial, formally known as Zhejiang Ant Small & Micro Financial Services Group, is controlled by billionaire Alibaba founder Jack Ma. The firm’s spectacular evolution from an outsider in a tightly controlled industry to an online finance giant that operates Yu’E Bao as well as AliPay, China’s biggest internet payment service, has attracted scrutiny from the PBOC previously. — With assistance by Jun Luo, Heng Xie, and Helen Sun Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Attack Man Who Helped Bury Lehman Turns to Saving Troubled Noble This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch Brace for Chaos If U.S. Expands Airline Laptop Ban Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Market Insider Early movers: SYMC, PANW, FEYE, PTHN, TMO, MCO, JNJ, BWLD & more Peter Schacknow | @peterschack 19 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Brendan McDermid | Reuters Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) in New York City, U.S., November 7, 2016. Check out which companies are making headlines before the bell: Symantec, Palo Alto Networks, FireEye – These and other cybersecurity stocks could get a boost this morning, as the "WannaCry" malware spreads throughout the world and impacts businesses as they open for a new week. The "ransomware" attack encrypts files and then demands payment to unlock them. Patheon – The Dutch drug ingredient maker agreed to be bought by scientific instruments maker Thermo Fisher Scientific for $5.2 billion, excluding assumed debt, or about $35 per share. Moody's – The rating agency is buying Amsterdam-based business information provider Bureau Van Dijk for about $3.3 billion. Johnson & Johnson – JPMorgan Chase upgraded the stock to "overweight" from "neutral," saying the impact of increased competition in the pharmaceutical business has played out and is already reflected in the stock's price. Buffalo Wild Wings – The restaurant chain's shares were upgraded to "buy" from "hold" at Deutsche Bank, based on the prospect for positive change from either the current management team or a new one. Starbucks – The coffee chain was also upgraded to "buy" from "hold" at Deutsche Bank. The firm feels the company is in the process of resolving problems related to labor, traffic, and its mobile ordering system, and that improvement is already being seen. Western Digital – Western Digital is taking legal action to prevent Toshiba from selling its chip unit without its consent. The disk drive maker claims a sale would violate the terms of a joint manufacturing agreement between the two. Toyota and Honda – Toyota and Honda have retained their #1 and #2 rankings, respectively, in a yearly survey of relationships with suppliers. The closely-watched industry survey saw General Motors jump past Nissan into third place. United Continental – Some of the airline's cockpit-door security codes were inadvertently posted on a public website, but an Air Line Pilots Association official told Dow Jones that the problem had been fixed. GlaxoSmithKline – The drug maker reportedly plans to buy out partner Novartis, which currently owns 36.5 percent of the company's consumer health-care division. The Sunday Times reports that the deal could be worth $10 billion. 21st Century Fox – Fox is willing to make concessions to U.K. regulators to win approval for its proposed acquisition of broadcaster Sky, according to a Bloomberg report. Apple – Apple bought artificial intelligence startup Lattice Data for about $200 million, according to multiple reports. Tesla – The automaker was downgraded to "equal-weight" from "overweight" at Morgan Stanley, which kept the price target at $305 per share compared to Friday's close of $324.81. Morgan Stanley notes the risk of Tesla having to go head to head with tech giants like Apple. Peter SchacknowSenior Producer, CNBC
irishmirrorLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Irish News Crime Politics Education World News News OpinionExpand Sport Latest Sport Soccer GAA Golf Rugby Union UFC Other Sport Sport Opinion Fantasy FootballExpand Showbiz Lifestyle Weird News GAA Soccer Rugby My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter Bingo Horoscopes Crosswords BuySell About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2017 MGN Limited Home News Irish News Brexit News Jobs boost as JP Morgan expansion could see up to 500 new Dublin positions It was revealed this morning that the investment bank will acquire ‘200 Capital Dock’,  Share  Comments ByDavid Maher 12:01, 15 MAY 2017 News Capital Dock  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email JP Morgan has snapped up an office building in Dublin with the capacity to house 1,000 staff as it ramps up its Brexit contingency planning. The US banking giant - which said earlier this month it plans to move up to 1,000 London jobs to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg in a bid to secure its EU business after Brexit - has acquired the 200 Capital Dock building in the Irish capital. Carin Bryans, senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland, said: "Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union." It is also understood that the expansion is down to the success of its existing operation in the city, where it currently employs 500 people. The building, purchased from real estate firm Kennedy Wilson, measures 130,000 square feet and is situated in Dublin's docklands area. Read more: Irish firm announce 40 new engineering jobs The chief executive of JP Morgan's corporate and investment bank Daniel Pinto said at the beginning of May that a "substantial portion" of the lender's business in London will have to be moved to the EU. "We will have to move hundreds of people in the short-term to be ready for day one, when negotiations finish, and then we will look at the longer-term numbers. "We have to plan for a scenario where there is no UK-EU passporting deal, and we have to move a substantial portion of our business to continue serving our European clients," he said. JP Morgan will relocate between 500 and 1,000 front and back office staff from London, with custody business roles destined for Dublin, treasury services set to settle in Luxembourg, and investment banking positions bound for Frankfurt, according to people familiar with the matter. It is understood that the relocation drive will take place ahead of spring 2019, when the two-year window for Brexit negotiations draws to a close, and the UK is expected to lose passporting rights for financial services. Read more: Iceland to create 270 jobs with 9 new stores opening in Ireland Kennedy Wilson boss Mary Ricks added: "The Dublin occupier market is buoyant and we are in active and advanced dialogue with both Irish and international companies attracted to our visionary Capital Dock development and looking to base themselves in the heart of Dublin." A growing list of financial services firms have confirmed relocation plans following the Brexit vote, with HSBC moving 1,000 staff to France, AIG set to shift a string of executives to Luxembourg and Lloyd's of London opting for a subsidiary in Brussels. JP Morgan chief executive Jamie Dimon previously indicated around 4,000 of the bank's 16,000 UK employee base could move as a result of Brexit. Read More Today's top stories Woman dies from 'serious injuries' Cyclist dies after being hit by car Ireland's votes for Eurovision revealed Conor shares adorable snap of son Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @irishmirror Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On European Union Brexit News all Most Read Most Recent Northern IrelandPolice at the scene of suspected murder-suicide in Co Fermanagh "Police are working on the possibility that this was a murder-suicide" Defence ForcesWatch American media's shocked reaction to Irish snipers making history There were teams participating from across the globe, including the UK, Germany, Canada and Denmark CrimeThree men convicted of chopping up Kinahan linked drug dealer with chainsaw and dumping his remains Two of the thugs will not serve an extra day in prison World NewsHow two girls lured their best friend, 16, from home then murdered her by stabbing her 50 times Skylar Neese was knifed more than 50 times by her school friends Rachel Shoaf and Sheila Eddy who confessed to the crime six months after her death World NewsMum releases shocking hospital picture of 12-year-old son after he collapses from drinking as warning to other parents The child was found by his mother, who wished to remain anonymous, in a deteriorating state Northern IrelandFermanagh murder-suicide: Man stabs ex to death and attacks her disabled son before taking his own life Police performed CPR on Peadar Phair, 55, after he tried to kill himself but he died later in hospital KilkennyTributes paid to tragic young mum Rita Apine described as 'lovely' and 'kind' Gardai are probing whether Rita, mum to two-year-old Alina, fell down the stairs or whether she was injured before the fall CrimeThree men convicted of chopping up Kinahan linked drug dealer with chainsaw and dumping his remains Two of the thugs will not serve an extra day in prison ProstitutionProstitutes’ lives will be saved by new laws criminalising punters, says former sex worker EXCLUSIVE: Ms De Faoite, 46, campaigned for five years for the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act Leo VaradkarLeo Varadkar slammed by former social welfare official over plans to name and shame dole fraudsters Retired social welfare inspector Bernadette Gorman claims that senior officials in the Department of Social Protection Most Read Most Recent Northern IrelandPolice at the scene of suspected murder-suicide in Co Fermanagh "Police are working on the possibility that this was a murder-suicide" Celebrity NewsEmma Willis thanks NHS staff for saving her life after rushing to hospital for emergency surgery Big Brother host admits she 'panicked' during her ordeal Sex & RelationshipsWomen apparently look for just one thing in a male partner - and it's pretty disturbing We hope this isn't true Defence ForcesWatch American media's shocked reaction to Irish snipers making history There were teams participating from across the globe, including the UK, Germany, Canada and Denmark Guns N' RosesGuns N' Roses set list for Slane Castle show will look very like this In total, the band is playing around 25 songs Northern IrelandFermanagh murder-suicide: Man stabs ex to death and attacks her disabled son before taking his own life Police performed CPR on Peadar Phair, 55, after he tried to kill himself but he died later in hospital Jeremy McConnellJeremy McConnell dresses baby Caben in matching outfits - but Stephanie Davis can't resist poking fun at his hat Irish model Jeremy uploaded a picture to Instagram of himself and baby son Caben on Monday night Guinness Pro12Sean O'Brien and Robbie Henshaw 'very optimistic' of playing in Scarlets clash Both were due to return to full training this week after O'Brien was suffering from a tight hamstring and Henshaw from a rib problem. Republic of Ireland football teamMartin O'Neill refuses to comment on Neil Taylor ban after red-card tackle on Seamus Coleman The Ireland skipper is into his rehab after going under the knife to repair the broken leg he suffered when Welsh international Taylor smashed into him in the World Cup qualifier on March 25. Martin O'NeillMartin O'Neill to make a decision on James McCarthy's fitness for June internationals Republic boss O'Neill believes that the Everton midfielder is returning to full training with Everton this week after hamstring issues. Top Stories Northern IrelandFermanagh murder-suicide: Man stabs ex to death and attacks her disabled son before taking his own life Police performed CPR on Peadar Phair, 55, after he tried to kill himself but he died later in hospital CrimeThree men convicted of chopping up Kinahan linked drug dealer with chainsaw and dumping his remains Two of the thugs will not serve an extra day in prison CourtsSonia Blount murder trial: Accused Eric Locke had mental disorder, court hears Dr Seán Ó Domhnaill, psychiatrist, said Locke had developed a mistrust of females after they taunted him about a defect KilkennyTributes paid to tragic young mum Rita Apine described as 'lovely' and 'kind' Gardai are probing whether Rita, mum to two-year-old Alina, fell down the stairs or whether she was injured before the fall ProstitutionProstitutes’ lives will be saved by new laws criminalising punters, says former sex worker EXCLUSIVE: Ms De Faoite, 46, campaigned for five years for the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act Fair CityRTE receive nine formal complaints over violent scenes in Fair City Fans weren't impressed over Ciaran and Emmet's face off NewsMoors Murderer Ian Brady, 79, has died 51 years after being jailed for sickening crimes that shook the world The evil serial killer, 79, was being helped by nurses who treat terminal cancer patients, it is claimed RatsIrish public warned to report sightings of metre long rat like Coypu This is a horrid looking animal Irish NavyFormer Irish navy vessel that sold for €110,000 now on sale for €685,000 The naval service has said however that the vessel may not necessarily be sold for the stated price An Garda SiochanaGardai issue appeal for missing teenager Kalem Murphy in Limerick It is believed that Kalem may be in Dublin city centre PrisonsNumber jailed at its lowest in seven years but 441 prisoners are on the run The Irish Prison Service has revealed statistics from throughout the country CybersecurityGovernment warns it is possible 'further incidences' of cyber attacks 'will arise' Communications Minister Denis Naughten will brief a Cabinet sub-committee today on the issue Northern IrelandPolice at the scene of suspected murder-suicide in Co Fermanagh "Police are working on the possibility that this was a murder-suicide" Defence ForcesWatch American media's shocked reaction to Irish snipers making history There were teams participating from across the globe, including the UK, Germany, Canada and Denmark CrimeThree men convicted of chopping up Kinahan linked drug dealer with chainsaw and dumping his remains Two of the thugs will not serve an extra day in prison World NewsHow two girls lured their best friend, 16, from home then murdered her by stabbing her 50 times Skylar Neese was knifed more than 50 times by her school friends Rachel Shoaf and Sheila Eddy who confessed to the crime six months after her death World NewsMum releases shocking hospital picture of 12-year-old son after he collapses from drinking as warning to other parents The child was found by his mother, who wished to remain anonymous, in a deteriorating state U2U2 frontman Bono BANS President Donald Trump from band's current tour in the US He's furious with the US president KilkennyTributes paid to tragic young mum Rita Apine described as 'lovely' and 'kind' Gardai are probing whether Rita, mum to two-year-old Alina, fell down the stairs or whether she was injured before the fall RatsIrish public warned to report sightings of metre long rat like Coypu This is a horrid looking animal NewsMoors Murderer Ian Brady, 79, has died 51 years after being jailed for sickening crimes that shook the world The evil serial killer, 79, was being helped by nurses who treat terminal cancer patients, it is claimed World NewsSixteen-year mystery of Danielle Jones: The fake texts, bloodied clothes and handcuffs that snared sordid 'modelling agent' uncle Danielle Jones was a 15-year-old schoolgirl from Essex who was abducted on her way to catch the school bus. But the mystery of where her body lies - despite the fact police know who killed her - remains unsolved World NewsMum left blushing after discovering very NSFW message on five-year-old son's top from TK Maxx The design is supposed to read 'Play, Work and Build' but unfortunately it looks MUCH more rude World NewsNightclub's hilarious reply to 'moron' who complained about the 's***' music... but did they go too far? Sevgi Cavusoglu  blasted the FLY Club online after a night out with her friends but was hit with a stinging response from the venue World NewsWhat every parent travelling abroad with a child with a different surname needs to know A lawyer has warned mums and dads they could 'unknowingly end up embroiled in a child abduction case, be refused past check-in, or turned away at border control' World NewsMusician dies after setting himself on fire in tragic Facebook live suicide video outside popular bar WARNING: DISTURBING CONTENT. A Facebook post, written on his wall on May 10 read: “Erased and forgotten” Leo VaradkarLeo Varadkar slammed by former social welfare official over plans to name and shame dole fraudsters Retired social welfare inspector Bernadette Gorman claims that senior officials in the Department of Social Protection World News'My beautiful little boy died a year ago - but I still cuddle him in bed when I'm down' Sherry Keane, 24, had her five-year-old son, Jaydan, cremated because she didn't want him to lie in a "cold, wet" grave - she now finds comfort in cuddling his ashes EuromillionsA new EuroMillions winner would hit the Irish Rich List as research reveals what we would buy Tuesday's jackpot is a monster €100 million but many would not reveal if they had won it Met EireannIrish weather: Two warnings in place as country prepares to take another battering It's going to be a miserable Monday in all parts of the country ProstitutionProstitutes’ lives will be saved by new laws criminalising punters, says former sex worker EXCLUSIVE: Ms De Faoite, 46, campaigned for five years for the Criminal Law (Sexual Offences) Act An Garda SiochanaGardai issue appeal for missing teenager Kalem Murphy from Limerick It is believed that Kalem may be in Dublin city centre News Sport Lifestyle Follow us facebook twitter About Us Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions How to Complain Mirror.co.uk BelfastLive.co.uk © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ibstock plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ibstock plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Receives Average Recommendation of “Buy” from Analysts Gary Norcross Sells 158,122 Shares of Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Stock Ibstock plc (IBST) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Analysts Set $5.90 Price Target for Grana y Montero SAA (GRAM) Gabelli Brokers Reduce Earnings Estimates for Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. (PBH) Apollo Global Management LLC (APO) Major Shareholder Acquires $11,590,090.00 in Stock HFF, Inc. (HF) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Wells Fargo & Co Upgrades TD Ameritrade Holding Corp. (AMTD) to Outperform Brandywine Realty Trust (BDN) Rating Lowered to Outperform at Evercore ISI EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by William Blair Buffalo Wild Wings (BWLD) Lifted to Buy at Deutsche Bank AG Himax Technologies, Inc. (HIMX) Stock Rating Lowered by Lake Street Capital FMC Corp (FMC) Rating Increased to Outperform at Wells Fargo & Co Acadian Asset Management LLC Buys New Stake in Timken Co (TKR) Southern Co (SO) Stake Decreased by Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. 58,786 Shares in Taylor Morrison Home Corp (TMHC) Acquired by Acadian Asset Management LLC Manchester Capital Management LLC Holds Stake in Southern Co (SO) Acadian Asset Management LLC Has $1.138 Million Position in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Shares Sold by ProShare Advisors LLC Acadian Asset Management LLC Sells 19,427 Shares of Incyte Co. (INCY) Ibstock plc (IBST) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Ibstock plc (LON:IBST) has been assigned a consensus recommendation of “Buy” from the eight research firms that are currently covering the stock. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The average twelve-month price target among brokers that have covered the stock in the last year is GBX 245 ($3.17). Several research analysts have recently commented on the company. Barclays PLC reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 285 ($3.69) price objective on shares of Ibstock plc in a report on Monday. Berenberg Bank assumed coverage on Ibstock plc in a report on Friday. They set a “buy” rating and a GBX 310 ($4.01) price objective for the company. Jefferies Group LLC boosted their price objective on Ibstock plc from GBX 230 ($2.97) to GBX 240 ($3.10) and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 14th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 210 ($2.72) price objective on shares of Ibstock plc in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Peel Hunt lowered Ibstock plc to a “hold” rating and set a GBX 175 ($2.26) price objective for the company. in a report on Monday, January 16th. In related news, insider Justin Read acquired 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Wednesday, March 29th. The stock was purchased at an average price of GBX 210 ($2.72) per share, for a total transaction of £21,000 ($27,159.86). TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/ibstock-plc-ibst-given-average-rating-of-buy-by-analysts.html. Shares of Ibstock plc (LON:IBST) opened at 240.20 on Monday. The firm’s market capitalization is GBX 975.97 million. The firm’s 50-day moving average is GBX 218.74 and its 200-day moving average is GBX 194.85. Ibstock plc has a 52 week low of GBX 113.20 and a 52 week high of GBX 242.00. The business also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 9th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 11th will be given a GBX 5.30 ($0.07) dividend. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 11th. This represents a yield of 2.52%. This is an increase from Ibstock plc’s previous dividend of $2.40. About Ibstock plc Ibstock plc is a United Kingdom-based company, which is engaged in manufacturing of clay bricks and concrete products. The Company’s segments are the UK and the US. The Company’s principal products include clay bricks, brick components, concrete stone masonry substitutes, concrete fencing, pre-stressed concrete products and concrete rail products. Receive News & Ratings for Ibstock plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ibstock plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close JP Morgan JP Morgan appears to make good on Brexit threat with new Dublin office US bank buys landmark building capable of doubling its Ireland headcount to 1,000 staff JP Morgan has snapped up an office building in Dublin with the capacity to house 1,000 staff. Photograph: Neil Hall/Reuters JP Morgan JP Morgan appears to make good on Brexit threat with new Dublin office US bank buys landmark building capable of doubling its Ireland headcount to 1,000 staff Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jill Treanor Monday 15 May 2017 13.00 EDT First published on Monday 15 May 2017 07.23 EDT US bank JP Morgan is buying a landmark office building in Dublin in a significant boost for the Irish capital as European cities compete to lure financial institutions away from London in the wake of the Brexit vote. The new premises will be able to house 1,000 staff – double the number of personnel the US bank currently employs in Dublin. The move is regarded as the first major expansion in Ireland by a financial services firm since the UK’s referendum. The building is in the the flagship Capital Dock development in Dublin’s docklands, which is due to be completed in the latter part of 2018. Jobs market will suffer a Brexit slowdown, say experts Read more There has been speculation about the US bank’s intentions of buying a Dublin building for weeks and earlier this month the bank included the Irish capital in its list of three main bases in the EU from which it will carry out the activities it used to perform in London. As the new office deal was announced Carin Bryans, the senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland, said: “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union. Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours.” The announcement coincided with a report in the Financial Times revealing that JP Morgan intends to hire more staff in Dublin for its custody operations, which look after the investments of major investors, hedge funds and big companies. James Kenny, JP Morgan’s head of investor services, told the FT that the bank intended to hire a “significant” number of staff in Dublin to expand the custody business. “Growth plans are driving our real estate plan,” Kenny said. The office would also seem likely to allow the bank to make preparations for Brexit. JP Morgan has previously said it needs to be ready for a situation where there is not a deal over passporting – the means by which firms operate seamlessly across the EU – for the UK after Brexit. JP Morgan is being scrutinised because, in the run-up to the EU referendum last June, the bank’s chief executive Jamie Dimon stood alongside the then chancellor, George Osborne, to warn that up to 4,000 roles could be lost. Last week, it warned it might have to move staff – possibly as many as 1,000 from the City of London – as a result of Brexit It employs 16,000 people across the UK, with about 11,000 in the City and 4,000 in Bournemouth – it is the biggest private sector employer in Dorset – with the remainder in Scotland. Details are starting to emerge about Brexit plans after the Bank of England instructed major financial firms to put contingency plans in place and explain to Threadneedle Street by 14 July how they were preparing for “all eventualities”. Other banks are also preparing to bulk up their businesses outside London, although it is thought that activities will fragment across the EU rather that settle in a single financial centre. Dublin is not just trying to attract banks. The Central Bank of Ireland has said it has received a “high level of interest” from financial firms which carry out their European operations from the UK. It says it has received five applications relating to the insurance sector, had received signals that five other firms were going to apply and had been contacted by 20 others to discuss authorisation. But it is not the only capital mentioned by firms. Richard Gnodde, the head of European operations at Goldman Sachs, has said he would need more people in Madrid, Milan, Paris and other EU centres. Deutsche Bank has said that up to 4,000 jobs from its UK workforce of 9,000 could be moved to Frankfurt and other locations in the EU because of uncertainty about Britain’s relationship with the remaining 27 countries in the EU. Standard Chartered, the London-headquartered emerging markets bank, has also picked Frankfurt for a new subsidiary. HSBC has said 1,000 roles will go to Paris. Lloyd’s of London, the insurance market, is opening up in Brussels although some firms are playing down the impact on their business. Last week, Barclays said Brexit was “a wholly manageable challenge” and it would not need to shift British jobs or significant operations elsewhere. Topics JP Morgan Job losses EU referendum and Brexit Ireland Banking Europe news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments more on this story CBI warns against Brexit divorce bill row putting EU-UK trade ties at risk Business leaders to urge negotiators on both sides to focus on the mutual benefits of continued free trade as they begin talks Published: 26 Apr 2017 CBI warns against Brexit divorce bill row putting EU-UK trade ties at risk UK infrastructure projects could be hit by European Investment Bank concerns Bank set to fund Theresa May’s flagship ‘Midlands engine’ project says extra checks because of Brexit may cause delays Published: 15 May 2017 UK infrastructure projects could be hit by European Investment Bank concerns UK car production hits 17-year high as industry issues Brexit warning Exports boosted by week pound, but SMMT says government must negotiate free trade deal between UK and EU Published: 27 Apr 2017 UK car production hits 17-year high as industry issues Brexit warning Deutsche Bank: 4,000 jobs at risk of being moved out of UK after Brexit Bank says 2,000 front office people could be moved, with another 2,000 posts to be reviewed depending on new regulations Published: 26 Apr 2017 Deutsche Bank: 4,000 jobs at risk of being moved out of UK after Brexit Foster + Partners plans redundancies after Brexit uncertainty Published: 24 Apr 2017 Foster + Partners plans redundancies after Brexit uncertainty Will London survive as a financial centre after Brexit? Howard Davies Published: 26 Apr 2017 Will London survive as a financial centre after Brexit? Brexit’s unpredictable outcome poses risk to global stability, says IMF Published: 19 Apr 2017 Brexit’s unpredictable outcome poses risk to global stability, says IMF Brexit, PPI and high cost credit are top priorities for City watchdog Published: 19 Apr 2017 Brexit, PPI and high cost credit are top priorities for City watchdog More more on this story most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Business › JP Morgan back to top business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 15 °C Tuesday 16 May, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags employs fairfax growth plans Jobs Joint Venture PJ Morgan Sir John Rogersons Quay US bank See other tags Tags JP Morgan to buy office block on Dublin Docklands that can accommodate 1,000 workers The US bank currently employs 500 people in the Dublin. By Cliodhna Russell Monday 15 May 2017, 10:47 AM 21 hours ago 21,363 Views 77 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3389963 Share Tweet Email7 JP MORGAN IS set to buy 200 Capital Dock on Sir John Rogerson’s Quay in the heart of Dublin’s Docklands. It will include 345,000 sq ft of office space across 100, 200 and 300 Capital Dock and 190 rented residential units. The construction of ‘200 Capital Dock’, an office building of c. 130,000 that will be able to accommodate 1,000 workers, is expected to be completed in the third quarter of 2018. The deal, which was agreed with Kennedy Wilson in a joint venture with Fairfax Financial Holdings Limited and NAMA, is thought to be part of JP Morgan’s expected plans to create 500 new jobs in Dublin. The US bank currently employs 500 people in the Dublin. JPMorgan’s head of investor services, James Kenny, told The Financial Times that “growth plans are driving our real estate plan”, adding that Ireland has a “very flexible immigration policy”. The binding constraint in Ireland isn’t really around the supply of qualified people; it’s around infrastructure — the infrastructure in the city, the supply of housing . . . the capacity in the school system, the domestic transport infrastructure. Senior country officer for JP Morgan in Ireland, Carin Bryans said, “Dublin has the vibrant business and technology communities that suit a global firm like ours. “Given the momentum of our local businesses, this new building gives us room to grow and some flexibility within the European Union.” Read: HSE staff told not to log into computers until anti-virus systems activated> Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Cliodhna Russell cliodhna@thejournal.ie See more articles by Cliodhna Russell Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jp-morgan-sire-john-rogerson-quay-3389963-May2017/?embedpost=3389963&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jp-morgan-sire-john-rogerson-quay-3389963-May2017/?embedpost=3389963&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/jp-morgan-sire-john-rogerson-quay-3389963-May2017/?embedpost=3389963&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “JP Morgan to buy office block on Dublin Docklands that can accommodate 1,000 workers ”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “JP Morgan to buy office block on Dublin Docklands that can accommodate 1,000 workers ”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (77) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Divided Ireland: 'One side dedicated to making Ireland secular; another preserving Church's influence' Larry Donnelly There is a profound, far-reaching division in Irish society, writes Larry Donnelly. Jerry Buttimer: 'Hit with a metaphoric brick wall when we raised LGBT rights with Russian Ambassador' Senator Jerry Buttimer I think it is very important to challenge people’s viewpoints and perceptions, writes Senator Jerry Buttimer. 'I think people understanding that they aren't alone in their torment has a healing element to it' Shane Koyczan. Canadian poet Shane Koyczan speaks to TheJournal.ie about art, healing, and his latest work. Most Popular Today 1 'It's embarrassing': LÉ Aisling sold by State for €110k - it's now on the market for nearly €700k 68,365  179 2 Public warned about large rat-like rodent that can 'cause a lot of damage' 48,277  57 3 Murder accused 'intended tying ex-girlfriend to chair and make her listen to his suffering', court hears 39,435  0 1 JP Morgan to buy a Dublin docklands office block that can accommodate 1,000 workers 383  0 2 Investors have piled in to back this Irish woman's 'space-age Play-Doh' 348  0 3 Why everyone's talking about WannaCry - and how to protect your business 103  0 1 'I still absolutely love it. I'm already counting down the days until pre-season so I can smash it' 24,160  6 2 Kevin Long gets Ireland call in squad for Austria qualifier and summer friendlies 21,691  51 3 Quiz: Test your All-Ireland SFC knowledge ahead of the 2017 season 20,340  8 1 An elaborate conspiracy theory that Avril Lavigne died and was replaced by a double has resurfaced 8,546  5 2 A Mayo bus company has a great solution to the never-ending Katy storyline on Fair City 6,466  4 3 This Irish veterinary nurse in Perth customises dog casts to cheer up their families after surgery 6,268  2 Trending Tags PLANNING A €3.8 million co-operative housing scheme built on former ghost estate opens in Galway today Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' 'Planners are trying to engage with us and we have a duty to join the conversation' PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing CRIME Moors murderer Ian Brady dies aged 79 Chalice given back to Spike Island after 134 years in Dublin Mafia clan and Catholic group busted in migrant scandal COURTS Jury told Jobstown protesters shouted at Paul Murphy to 'mind his own business' Murder accused 'intended tying ex-girlfriend to chair and make her listen to his suffering', court hears Another appeals court begins review of Trump's travel ban HSE There have been lots of cyber attacks on State websites that the public aren't even aware of Tusla warns that child protection reports may not have been received over weekend Concern about doctors without specialist training filling consultant posts GARDAí Most people want Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan fired Gardaí believe missing teenage boy may be in Dublin Tina Satchwell has been missing from her Cork home for over seven weeks ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed JP Morgan to buy office block on Dublin Docklands that can accommodate 1,000 workers Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Rio Tinto plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Dignity Plc’s (DTY) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Peel Hunt Keras Resources PLC (KRS) Given “Corporate” Rating at Northland Securities Kao Corp (KCRPY) Lifted to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Tate & Lyle PLC (TATE) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Rio Tinto plc (RIO) Zacks Investment Research Lowers Yintech Investment Holdings Ltd – (YIN) to Hold CMC Markets Plc (CMCX) Receives “Sell” Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Zafgen Inc (ZFGN) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research FY2017 EPS Estimates for Pure Industrial Real Estate Trust Decreased by Raymond James Financial (AAR) Bank of America Corp Downgrades Chesapeake Energy Co. (CHK) to Underperform Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Monmouth R.E. Inv. Corp. (MNR) to Sell Ascendiant Capital Markets Upgrades Electronic Arts Inc. (EA) to Buy Metro AG (MTTRY) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Natera Inc (NTRA) to Hold Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Myers Industries, Inc. (MYE) to “Buy” Leaf Group Ltd (LFGR) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Liquidity Services, Inc. (LQDT) Rating Lowered to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Finning International Inc. (FTT) PT Raised to C$28.00 Gibson Energy Inc. (GEI) PT Lowered to C$19.50 at TD Securities Kelt Exploration Ltd (KEL) Price Target Cut to C$9.50 Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Rio Tinto plc (RIO) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC in a note issued to investors on Monday. They presently have a GBX 3,800 ($49.15) target price on the stock. Jefferies Group LLC’s price objective would indicate a potential upside of 27.95% from the company’s current price. RIO has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an “overweight” rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($54.32) price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Monday, March 13th. Royal Bank of Canada lifted their price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc from GBX 4,000 ($51.73) to GBX 4,400 ($56.91) and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Macquarie reiterated an “outperform” rating and set a GBX 4,200 ($54.32) price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Thursday, April 13th. Liberum Capital reiterated a “sell” rating and set a GBX 2,400 ($31.04) price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Friday, March 10th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reiterated a “buy” rating and set a GBX 3,770 ($48.76) price target on shares of Rio Tinto plc in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of GBX 3,556.81 ($46.00). Rio Tinto plc (LON:RIO) opened at 2997.00 on Monday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 53.92 billion. Rio Tinto plc has a 12-month low of GBX 1,853.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 3,718.50. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 3,112.90 and a 200-day moving average price of GBX 3,205.55. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Rio Tinto plc (RIO)” was originally published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/jefferies-group-llc-reiterates-buy-rating-for-rio-tinto-plc-rio.html. In other news, insider Jean-Sébastien Jacques sold 12 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, April 19th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 3,031 ($39.20), for a total transaction of £363.72 ($470.41). Insiders have sold a total of 3,342 shares of company stock valued at $12,081,377 over the last three months. About Rio Tinto plc Rio Tinto plc is a mining and metals company. The Company’s business is finding, mining and processing mineral resources. The Company’s segments include Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper & Diamonds, Energy & Minerals and Other Operations. The Company operates an iron ore business, supplying the global seaborne iron ore trade. Receive News & Ratings for Rio Tinto plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rio Tinto plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance HSBC Holdings plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Jefferies Group LLC Raises Diageo plc (DGE) Price Target to GBX 2,600 International Consolidated Airlns Grp SA (IAG) PT Set at GBX 715 by BNP Paribas Hydrogen Group Plc (HYDG) Given “house stock” Rating at Shore Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Price Target to GBX 640 Shore Capital Reiterates “not rated” Rating for GRAFTON GROUP PLC UT (1 ORD, 1 C (GFTU) FY2017 EPS Estimates for TSO3 Inc. Cut by National Bank Financial (TOS) National Express Group PLC’s (NEX) Buy Rating Reiterated at Canaccord Genuity Marshalls plc (MSLH) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital Novae Group Plc’s (NVA) Add Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Puretech Health PLC’s (PRTC) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Shore Capital Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Morses Club PLC (MCL) Mysale Group PLC (MYSL) Receives “corporate” Rating from N+1 Singer Solo Oil PLC (SOLO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Shore Capital Numis Securities Ltd Reaffirms Hold Rating for William Hill plc (WMH) Wincanton plc (WIN) Receives Buy Rating from Numis Securities Ltd Puretech Health PLC (PRTC) Earns Buy Rating from Peel Hunt iShares US Real Estate ETF (IYR) Sees Large Decline in Short Interest Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for CECO Environmental Corp. Decreased by Analyst (CECE) Unilever plc (ULVR) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank IAMGOLD Corp to Post Q3 2017 Earnings of ($0.02) Per Share, National Bank Financial Forecasts (IAG) Deutsche Bank AG Boosts HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Price Target to GBX 640 May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) had its target price increased by Deutsche Bank AG from GBX 616 ($7.97) to GBX 640 ($8.28) in a report published on Wednesday. Deutsche Bank AG currently has a hold rating on the financial services provider’s stock. Several other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 670 ($8.67) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Friday, May 5th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 740 ($9.57) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Friday, May 5th. Shore Capital reaffirmed a sell rating on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Thursday, May 4th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a neutral rating and issued a GBX 600 ($7.76) price target on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Friday, April 21st. Finally, Citigroup Inc reaffirmed a buy rating on shares of HSBC Holdings plc in a report on Friday, April 21st. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of GBX 625.30 ($8.09). HSBC Holdings plc (LON:HSBA) opened at 683.30 on Wednesday. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 649.45 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 655.63. The stock’s market capitalization is GBX 133.67 billion. HSBC Holdings plc has a 52 week low of GBX 392.37 and a 52 week high of GBX 715.20. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Deutsche Bank AG Boosts HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Price Target to GBX 640” was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/deutsche-bank-ag-boosts-hsbc-holdings-plc-hsba-price-target-to-gbx-640.html. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, July 5th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be paid a dividend of $0.10 per share. This represents a yield of 1.17%. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. In other HSBC Holdings plc news, insider Douglas J. Flint sold 150,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 661 ($8.55), for a total transaction of £991,500 ($1,282,333.16). Also, insider Douglas J. Flint sold 138,888 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 662 ($8.56), for a total transaction of £919,438.56 ($1,189,134.20). In the last ninety days, insiders have acquired 1,529 shares of company stock worth $1,029,143 and have sold 650,827 shares worth $431,568,868. About HSBC Holdings plc HSBC Holdings plc (HSBC) is the banking and financial services company. The Company manages its products and services through four businesses: Retail Banking and Wealth Management (RBWM), Commercial Banking (CMB), Global Banking and Markets (GB&M), and Global Private Banking (GPB). It operates across various geographical regions, which include Europe, Asia, Middle East and North Africa, North America and Latin America. Receive News & Ratings for HSBC Holdings plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for HSBC Holdings plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished mixed on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high boosted by gains in shares of AstraZeneca Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:09 15 May 2017 UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished mixed on Friday, with the FTSE 100 index closing at a record high boosted by gains in shares of AstraZeneca and as the Pound weakened against the Euro. AstraZeneca surged 9.0%, after the drugmaker announced positive results of the trial for its Phase III Pacific trial of its cancer drug, Imfinzi. Energy giants, Royal Dutch Shell and BP added 0.6% and 0.9%, respectively, amid slight increase in crude oil prices. Bucking the trend, Petrofac plunged 14.1%, after the Serious Fraud Office (SFO) launched an investigation into the activities of oil services company over suspected bribery, corruption and money laundering. Lloyds Banking Group declined 1.4%, after a report indicated that the lender would compensate its customers who were mis-sold investment products by paying £80.0 million. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.7%, to close at 7,435.4, while the FTSE 250 fell 0.2%, to settle at 19,763.0. US Market Snapshot US markets closed mostly in negative territory on Friday, weighed down by weak economic data and losses in department stores. JCPenney plunged 14.0%, after the department store posted lower than expected same-store sales and a massive net loss in the first quarter. General Electric declined 2.1%, following a broker downgrade on the stock to ‘Sell’ from ‘Hold’, stating that the company might need to trim its dividend and earnings guidance in future. Tidewater slid 0.9%, after the company announced that it would file for bankruptcy by 17 May. The company had reached a restructuring support agreement with its lenders and noteholders. On the positive side, technology giants, Facebook, Apple and Amazon.com advanced 0.2%, 1.4% and 1.5%, respectively. The S&P 500 slipped 0.1%, to settle at 2,390.9. The DJIA shed 0.1%, to settle at 20,896.6, while the NASDAQ rose 0.1%, to close at 6,121.2. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets ended in the green on Friday, buoyed by a rally in telecom and healthcare sector stocks. United Internet surged 9.4%, after the company announced that it would acquire a majority stake in Drillisch, up 11.0%, in a staggered stock and cash deal. Vivendi advanced 4.7%, after the company offered to acquire a €2.36 billion stake in Havas, up 9.2%, held by Group Bollore. On the losing side, Cie Financiere Richemont tumbled 5.0%, after the company’s net earnings for the full year dropped more than anticipated and it warned that trading would remain volatile. thyssenkrupp declined 4.6%, after the company swung to a net loss in the second quarter due to the recent sale of its steel operations in Brazil. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 0.3%, to close at 1,555.4. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 0.5%, to close at 12,770.4, while the French CAC-40 advanced 0.4%, to settle at 5,405.4. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading mostly higher this morning. In Japan, auto exporters, Mazda Motor, Toyota Motor and Nissan Motor have fallen 0.7%, 0.8% and 1.4%, respectively, amid a stronger Japanese Yen. On the contrary, Japan Post Holdings has added 0.5%, after a report indicated that the company would acquire Nomura Real Estate Holdings. In Hong Kong, financial stocks, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, China Minsheng Banking and China Merchants Bank have advanced 0.8%, 2.0% and 3.1%, respectively. In South Korea, SK Hynix and Samsung Electronics have gained 0.2% and 0.8%, respectively, while POSCO and LG Electronics have slipped 0.4% and 1.4%, respectively. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 0.2% lower at 19,842.2. The Hang Seng index is trading 0.5% up at 25,292.8, while the Kospi index is trading 0.2% higher at 2,289.6. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Fevertree Drinks, Fidelity European Values, Kakuzi Ltd., Maintel Holdings, Microsaic Systems, Midwich Group, React Group Final Dividend Payment Date HGCapital Trust, JPMorgan American Inv Trust, Phoenix Group Holdings (DI), Rotork, Sagicor Financial Corporation Limited (DI), Savills Special Dividend Payment Date Savills Quarterly Payment Date Marsh & Mclennan Cos Inc. Trading Announcements Dignity, Lonmin Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Aldermore Group, Charles Taylor, Faron Pharmaceuticals Oy (DI), Gulf Marine Services, Impax Environmental Markets, IWG, Merchants Trust, Pittards, Polymetal International, Quarto Group Inc., Rockhopper Exploration, Standard Life, Ubisense Group, Xaar EGMs JSC Kazkommertsbank GDR (Reg S), JZ Capital Partners Ltd Final Dividend Payment Date Capital & Regional, John Laing Infrastructure Fund Ltd, Lloyds Banking Group, Melrose Industries, Private & Commercial Finance Group, Rathbone Brothers, Wood Group (John) Interim Dividend Payment Date Murray International Trust Special Dividend Payment Date Lloyds Banking Group Key Economic News Euro-zone industrial production unexpectedly declined in March In the Euro-zone, the seasonally adjusted industrial production unexpectedly fell 0.10% in March on a MoM basis, lower than market expectations for an advance of 0.30%. Industrial production had registered a revised similar fall in the previous month. German HICP advanced as expected in April On a YoY basis, the final harmonised consumer price index (HICP) recorded a rise of 2.00% in April, in Germany, meeting market expectations. In the prior month, the HICP had climbed 1.50%. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise of 2.00%. German GDP advanced more than expected in 1Q 2017 On a YoY basis, the non-seasonally adjusted flash gross domestic product (GDP) registered a rise of 2.90% in Germany, in 1Q 2017, higher than market expectations for an advance of 2.80%. GDP had advanced 1.20% in the previous quarter. German CPI rose as expected in April The final consumer price index (CPI) recorded a rise of 2.00% on a YoY basis in April, in Germany, meeting market expectations. The preliminary figures had also indicated an advance of 2.00%. In the prior month, the CPI had registered a rise of 1.60%. German GDP advanced as expected in 1Q 2017 On a quarterly basis, the seasonally adjusted preliminary GDP rose 0.60% in 1Q 2017, in Germany, compared to a rise of 0.40% in the previous quarter. Market anticipation was for GDP to climb 0.60%. German CPI remained flat in April The final CPI remained unchanged on a monthly basis in April, in Germany, compared to an advance of 0.20% in the prior month. The preliminary figures had also indicated a steady reading. Markets were expecting the CPI to record an unchanged reading. German HICP remained flat in April The final HICP in Germany remained flat in April on a monthly basis, compared to a rise of 0.10% in the previous month. Market anticipation was for the HICP to record an unchanged reading. The preliminary figures had also indicated a flat reading. German GDP advanced as expected in 1Q 2017 In 1Q 2017, on an annual basis, the working day adjusted flash GDP in Germany advanced 1.70%, compared to a similar rise in the prior quarter. Market anticipation was for GDP to advance 1.70%. French non-farm payrolls rose more than expected in 1Q 2017 On a quarterly basis, the flash non-farm payrolls in France registered a rise of 0.30% in 1Q 2017, higher than market expectations for an advance of 0.20%. In the previous quarter, non-farm payrolls had risen 0.40%. Spanish HICP rose as expected in April On a YoY basis, in Spain, the final HICP climbed 2.60% in April, meeting market expectations. The HICP had recorded a rise of 2.10% in the previous month. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 2.60%. Spanish HICP advanced as expected in April HICP in Spain climbed 0.90% in April on a MoM basis, meeting market expectations. In the previous month, the HICP had advanced 1.10%. The preliminary figures had also recorded a rise of 0.90%. Spanish CPI rose as expected in April In Spain, the final CPI climbed 1.00% in April, on a monthly basis, meeting market expectations. The preliminary figures had also indicated an advance of 1.00%. In the prior month, the CPI had registered an unchanged reading. Spanish CPI rose as expected in April The final CPI in Spain registered a rise of 2.60% on an annual basis in April, compared to a rise of 2.30% in the prior month. Markets were anticipating the CPI to advance 2.60%. The preliminary figures had also indicated a rise of 2.60%. US retail sales control group rose less than expected in April On a MoM basis, retail sales control group in the US recorded a rise of 0.20% in April, compared to a revised advance of 0.70% in the prior month. Markets were anticipating retail sales control group to advance 0.40%. US retail sales (ex-auto & gas) rose less than expected in April Retail sales (ex-auto & gas) in the US registered a rise of 0.30% on a monthly basis in April, compared to a revised advance of 0.40% in the previous month. Markets were anticipating retail sales (ex-auto & gas) to rise 0.40%. US CPI (ex-food & energy) advanced less than expected in April On a monthly basis, the CPI (ex-food & energy) in the US advanced 0.10% in April, less than market expectations for an advance of 0.20%. In the previous month, the CPI (ex-food & energy) had registered a drop of 0.10%. US business inventories rose as expected in March In March, business inventories in the US rose 0.20% on a monthly basis, at par with market expectations. In the previous month, business inventories had registered a revised similar rise. US advance retail sales rose less than expected in April In April, advance retail sales in the US recorded a rise of 0.40% on a monthly basis, lower than market expectations for a rise of 0.60%. In the previous month, advance retail sales had registered a revised rise of 0.10%. US CPI advanced as expected in April In April, on a monthly basis, the CPI in the US advanced 0.20%, meeting market expectations. The CPI had registered a drop of 0.30% in the prior month. US CPI (ex-food & energy) advanced less than expected in April In April, the CPI (ex-food & energy) registered a rise of 1.90% in the US on an annual basis, compared to a rise of 2.00% in the previous month. Markets were expecting the CPI (ex-food & energy) to advance 2.00%. US core CPI advanced in April The seasonally adjusted core CPI in the US recorded a rise to 251.17 in April, lower than market expectations of a rise to 251.41. The core CPI had recorded a reading of 250.99 in the previous month. US Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index unexpectedly climbed in May The flash Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index rose unexpectedly to 97.70 in the US, in May, compared to market expectations of an unchanged reading. In the previous month, the Reuters/Michigan consumer sentiment index had registered a level of 97.00. US retail sales ex-autos advanced less than expected in April In the US, retail sales ex-autos climbed 0.30% in April, on a monthly basis, lower than market expectations for an advance of 0.50%. In the prior month, retail sales ex-autos had registered a revised similar rise. US CPI rose less than expected in April On an annual basis, the CPI registered a rise of 2.20% in the US, in April, compared to a rise of 2.40% in the previous month. Markets were expecting the CPI to advance 2.30%. US CPI advanced in April The non-seasonally adjusted CPI in the US climbed 0.30% on a MoM basis, in April. In the previous month, CPI had risen 0.10%. US CPI rose in April In April, the non-seasonally adjusted CPI registered a rise to 244.52 in the US, compared to market expectations of a rise to a level of 244.60. In the previous month, the CPI had recorded a level of 243.80. Canadian house price index rose in April In April, on a MoM basis, the house price index rose 1.20% in Canada. The house price index had advanced 0.90% in the previous month. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index rose more than expected in April In April, on a YoY basis, the domestic corporate goods price index in Japan advanced 2.10%, compared to a rise of 1.40% in the prior month. Market expectation was for the domestic corporate goods price index to climb 1.80%. Japanese corporate loans & discounts advanced in March In March, on an annual basis, corporate loans & discounts in Japan registered a rise of 3.21%. Corporate loans & discounts had registered a rise of 3.40% in the prior month. Japanese domestic corporate goods price index surprisingly rose in April The domestic corporate goods price index in Japan unexpectedly rose 0.20% on a MoM basis in April, more than market expectations for a drop of 0.10%. In the prior month, the domestic corporate goods price index had registered a similar rise. Chinese retail sales (YTD) rose as expected in April In April, retail sales (YTD) rose 10.20% in China, on a YoY basis, at par with market expectations. Retail sales (YTD) had climbed 10.00% in the previous month. Chinese retail sales rose less than expected in April On an annual basis, retail sales climbed 10.70% in April, in China, lower than market expectations for a rise of 10.80%. Retail sales had registered a rise of 10.90% in the prior month. Chinese industrial production (YTD) rose less than expected in April In April, on an annual basis, industrial production (YTD) rose 6.70% in China, less than market expectations for an advance of 6.90%. In the prior month, industrial production (YTD) had recorded a rise of 6.80%. Chinese fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD rose less than expected in April Fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD registered a rise of 8.90% on a YoY basis in April, in China, lower than market expectations for a rise of 9.10%. In the prior month, fixed assets investment excl. rural YTD had registered a rise of 9.20%. Chinese industrial production rose less than expected in April Industrial production in China advanced 6.50% in April on an annual basis, compared to a rise of 7.60% in the previous month. Markets were expecting industrial production to climb 7.00%. . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Aldermore Group PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) Deutsche Telekom AG (DTE) PT Set at €13.30 by Jefferies Group LLC BNP Paribas Reiterates €6.50 Price Target for E.On Se (EOAN) Q2 2017 Earnings Forecast for Evolent Health Inc Issued By Leerink Swann (EVH) RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €136.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Incyte Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INCY) Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD)‘s stock had its “buy” rating reissued by analysts at Liberum Capital in a research note issued on Thursday. They presently have a GBX 275 ($3.56) price objective on the stock. Liberum Capital’s price target would indicate a potential upside of 7.93% from the company’s current price. Several other research firms have also recently issued reports on ALD. Shore Capital reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Thursday. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased their price target on shares of Aldermore Group PLC from GBX 250 ($3.23) to GBX 270 ($3.49) and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Thursday, March 9th. Peel Hunt raised shares of Aldermore Group PLC to an “add” rating and increased their target price for the company from GBX 205 ($2.65) to GBX 275 ($3.56) in a report on Monday, March 6th. Credit Suisse Group AG reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and issued a GBX 210 ($2.72) target price on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of Aldermore Group PLC in a report on Friday, March 3rd. Seven research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and seven have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of GBX 255.83 ($3.31). Shares of Aldermore Group PLC (LON:ALD) opened at 252.1524 on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 237.91 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 222.62. The company’s market cap is GBX 869.27 million. Aldermore Group PLC has a 12 month low of GBX 102.00 and a 12 month high of GBX 260.31. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Liberum Capital Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Aldermore Group PLC (ALD)” was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/liberum-capital-reiterates-buy-rating-for-aldermore-group-plc-ald.html. Aldermore Group PLC Company Profile Receive News & Ratings for Aldermore Group PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Aldermore Group PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €136.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Incyte Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INCY) Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) has been given a €135.00 ($146.74) price target by research analysts at Warburg Research in a report issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. Other research analysts have also recently issued reports about the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Independent Research GmbH set a €133.00 ($144.57) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Friday, May 5th. Kepler Capital Markets set a €133.00 ($144.57) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Royal Bank of Canada set a €132.00 ($143.48) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Commerzbank Ag set a €136.00 ($147.83) target price on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of €125.33 ($136.23). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 125.395 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €122.84 and a 200 day moving average price of €116.34. The company has a market capitalization of €54.46 billion and a P/E ratio of 26.527. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 12-month low of €96.00 and a 12-month high of €127.10. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts” was posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/henkel-ag-135-00-price-target-by-warburg-research-analysts.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €136.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Incyte Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INCY) Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) received a €132.00 ($143.48) price objective from equities research analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a research report issued on Thursday. The brokerage presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. HEN3 has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Independent Research GmbH set a €128.00 ($139.13) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “neutral” rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Nord/LB set a €116.00 ($126.09) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €108.00 ($117.39) price target on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of €125.33 ($136.23). Shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 125.395 on Thursday. The stock has a market cap of €54.46 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.527. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 12 month low of €96.00 and a 12 month high of €127.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of €122.84 and a 200-day moving average price of €116.34. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada” was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/henkel-ag-132-00-by-royal-bank-of-canada.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Non-Standard Finance PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) PT Raised to C$19.00 Shawcor Ltd (SCL.A) PT Lowered to C$38.00 Stornoway Diamond Co. (SWY) PT Lowered to C$0.90 Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$10.50 CIBC Boosts Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Price Target to C$2.50 Spin Master Corp (TOY) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Shore Capital reaffirmed their buy rating on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) in a research note published on Tuesday. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Peel Hunt reaffirmed a buy rating and set a GBX 106 ($1.37) price target on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a report on Tuesday, May 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed an overweight rating and set a GBX 92 ($1.19) price target on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a report on Monday, March 6th. Shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) opened at 68.00 on Tuesday. Non-Standard Finance PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 50.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 77.00. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 215.59 million. The company has a 50-day moving average price of GBX 62.20 and a 200 day moving average price of GBX 60.28. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/non-standard-finance-plc-nsf-earns-buy-rating-from-shore-capital.html. The firm also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be issued a dividend of €0.90 ($0.98) per share. This represents a yield of 1.5%. This is an increase from Non-Standard Finance PLC’s previous dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, May 18th. Non-Standard Finance PLC Company Profile Non-Standard Finance plc operates in the United-Kindom’s non-standard consumer finance sector. The Company operates through four divisions: Central, Loans at Home, Everyday Loans and Trusttwo. The Company has Home Credit Division of S&U plc (S&U), which trades as Loans at Home. Loans at Home provides home credit and serves approximately 98,000 customers. Receive News & Ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Non-Standard Finance PLC - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) PT Raised to C$19.00 Shawcor Ltd (SCL.A) PT Lowered to C$38.00 Stornoway Diamond Co. (SWY) PT Lowered to C$0.90 Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$10.50 CIBC Boosts Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Price Target to C$2.50 Spin Master Corp (TOY) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Peel Hunt reissued their buy rating on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) in a research report report published on Tuesday. They currently have a GBX 106 ($1.37) price objective on the stock. A number of other research analysts have also recently weighed in on the stock. Shore Capital reiterated a buy rating on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a research report on Friday, March 17th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reiterated an overweight rating and set a GBX 92 ($1.19) price objective on shares of Non-Standard Finance PLC in a research report on Monday, March 6th. Non-Standard Finance PLC (LON:NSF) opened at 68.00 on Tuesday. The firm’s market cap is GBX 215.59 million. Non-Standard Finance PLC has a 12-month low of GBX 50.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 77.00. The company has a 50-day moving average of GBX 62.20 and a 200 day moving average of GBX 60.28. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/non-standard-finance-plcs-nsf-buy-rating-reiterated-at-peel-hunt.html. The company also recently disclosed a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, June 20th. Shareholders of record on Thursday, May 18th will be given a dividend of €0.90 ($0.98) per share. This is a boost from Non-Standard Finance PLC’s previous dividend of $0.30. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, May 18th. This represents a yield of 1.5%. About Non-Standard Finance PLC Non-Standard Finance plc operates in the United-Kindom’s non-standard consumer finance sector. The Company operates through four divisions: Central, Loans at Home, Everyday Loans and Trusttwo. The Company has Home Credit Division of S&U plc (S&U), which trades as Loans at Home. Loans at Home provides home credit and serves approximately 98,000 customers. Receive News & Ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Non-Standard Finance PLC and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Close Brothers Group plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) PT Raised to C$19.00 Shawcor Ltd (SCL.A) PT Lowered to C$38.00 Stornoway Diamond Co. (SWY) PT Lowered to C$0.90 Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$10.50 CIBC Boosts Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Price Target to C$2.50 Spin Master Corp (TOY) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet Macquarie lowered shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) to an underperform rating in a research report released on Tuesday morning. They currently have GBX 1,430 ($18.49) target price on the stock. A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on CBG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on Close Brothers Group plc from GBX 1,650 ($21.34) to GBX 1,780 ($23.02) and gave the stock a  overweight rating in a research report on Friday, March 17th. Barclays PLC restated an equal weight rating and set a GBX 1,550 ($20.05) price objective on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Wednesday, March 15th. Peel Hunt restated an add rating and set a GBX 1,600 ($20.69) price objective on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Shore Capital restated a hold rating on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Finally, Numis Securities Ltd restated a buy rating and set a GBX 1,779 ($23.01) price objective on shares of Close Brothers Group plc in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of GBX 1,549.44 ($20.04). Shares of Close Brothers Group plc (LON:CBG) opened at 1625.514893 on Tuesday. Close Brothers Group plc has a 12-month low of GBX 975.00 and a 12-month high of GBX 1,715.00. The firm’s market cap is GBX 2.42 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is GBX 1,617.74 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 1,480.18. WARNING: “Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/close-brothers-group-plc-cbg-rating-lowered-to-underperform-at-macquarie.html. The firm also recently announced a dividend, which was paid on Wednesday, April 26th. Investors of record on Thursday, March 23rd were given a dividend of GBX 20 ($0.26) per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Thursday, March 23rd. This represents a dividend yield of 1.28%. In related news, insider Elizabeth Lee sold 6,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, March 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of GBX 1,557 ($20.14), for a total transaction of £93,420 ($120,822.56). In the last 90 days, insiders have purchased 32 shares of company stock worth $50,606. Close Brothers Group plc Company Profile Close Brothers Group plc is a merchant banking company. The Company provides lending, deposit taking, wealth management services and securities trading. The Company operates through three segments: Banking, Securities and Asset Management. The Banking segment provides lending to small businesses and individuals, with an emphasis on specialist finance. Receive News & Ratings for Close Brothers Group plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Close Brothers Group plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Henkel AG & Co KGaA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €136.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Incyte Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INCY) Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) has been assigned a €133.00 ($144.57) target price by equities researchers at Kepler Capital Markets in a note issued to investors on Thursday. The firm presently has a “buy” rating on the stock. HEN3 has been the subject of a number of other reports. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €105.00 ($114.13) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Independent Research GmbH set a €128.00 ($139.13) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating on shares of Henkel AG & Co KGaA in a research note on Friday, February 17th. Nord/LB set a €116.00 ($126.09) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Barclays PLC set a €108.00 ($117.39) price target on Henkel AG & Co KGaA and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Monday, January 23rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. Henkel AG & Co KGaA currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of €125.33 ($136.23). Henkel AG & Co KGaA (FRA:HEN3) opened at 125.395 on Thursday. The firm has a market capitalization of €54.46 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.527. Henkel AG & Co KGaA has a 12 month low of €96.00 and a 12 month high of €127.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €122.84 and its 200-day moving average price is €116.34. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/henkel-ag-133-00-by-kepler-capital-markets.html. Receive News & Ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Henkel AG & Co KGaA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Commerzbank Ag - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News RWE AG (RWE) PT Set at €16.00 by Deutsche Bank AG Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €132.00 by Royal Bank of Canada Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €136.00 Price Target by Commerzbank Ag Analysts Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) Given a €135.00 Price Target by Warburg Research Analysts BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) Henkel AG & Co KGaA (HEN3) PT Set at €133.00 by Kepler Capital Markets Oppenheimer Holdings Comments on Incyte Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (INCY) Alliance Pharma plc (APH) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at FinnCap Close Brothers Group plc (CBG) Rating Lowered to Underperform at Macquarie 4imprint Group plc (FOUR) Earns Buy Rating from Liberum Capital Non-Standard Finance PLC’s (NSF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt Non-Standard Finance PLC (NSF) Earns “Buy” Rating from Shore Capital EI Group PLC (ETI) Given Add Rating at Peel Hunt Rite Aid Co. (RAD) Short Interest Down 11.1% in April Short Interest in Twitter Inc (TWTR) Declines By 9.8% Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial BNP Paribas Reiterates €8.50 Price Target for Commerzbank Ag (CBK) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet BNP Paribas set a €8.50 ($9.24) target price on Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) in a research note published on Wednesday morning. The firm currently has a neutral rating on the financial services provider’s stock. CBK has been the subject of several other research reports. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a €8.45 ($9.18) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Citigroup Inc set a €8.40 ($9.13) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 28th. Independent Research GmbH set a €7.30 ($7.93) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €7.10 ($7.72) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a neutral rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Finally, S&P Global set a €6.50 ($7.07) target price on Commerzbank Ag and gave the stock a sell rating in a research note on Friday, February 10th. Seven analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of Hold and a consensus price target of €7.75 ($8.43). Commerzbank Ag (ETR:CBK) opened at 9.495 on Wednesday. Commerzbank Ag has a 1-year low of €5.16 and a 1-year high of €9.92. The firm has a market cap of €11.89 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 42.578. The firm has a 50-day moving average of €8.69 and a 200 day moving average of €7.72. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/bnp-paribas-reiterates-8-50-price-target-for-commerzbank-ag-cbk.html. About Commerzbank Ag Receive News & Ratings for Commerzbank Ag Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Commerzbank Ag and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Danone SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target Metro Ag (MEO3) Earns “Neutral” Rating from DZ Bank AG Innogy SE (IGY) Given a €34.80 Price Target by Goldman Sachs Group Inc Analysts Metro Ag (MEO3) PT Set at €30.50 by JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sun Life Financial’s (SLF) Outperform Rating Reiterated at National Bank Financial Sienna Senior Living Inc (SIA) PT Raised to C$19.00 Shawcor Ltd (SCL.A) PT Lowered to C$38.00 Stornoway Diamond Co. (SWY) PT Lowered to C$0.90 Tricon Capital Group Inc (TCN) Price Target Raised to C$13.00 Raymond James Financial, Inc. Boosts Trilogy Energy Corp (TET) Price Target to C$10.50 CIBC Boosts Western Forest Products Inc (WEF) Price Target to C$2.50 Spin Master Corp (TOY) Earns Outperform Rating from Raymond James Financial, Inc. Wedbush Weighs in on Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd’s Q2 2017 Earnings (NCLH) ServiceNow Inc Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.20) Per Share (NOW) Brokers Offer Predictions for Stemline Therapeutics Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (STML) Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for Neenah Paper, Inc. Issued By DA Davidson (NP) Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research US Geothermal Inc (HTM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) to Hold Barclays PLC Analysts Give Danone SA (BN) a €70.70 Price Target May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet Barclays PLC set a €70.70 ($76.85) price target on Danone SA (EPA:BN) in a research report report published on Tuesday. The firm currently has a buy rating on the stock. Several other research firms also recently commented on BN. Morgan Stanley set a €80.00 ($86.96) price objective on Danone SA and gave the company a buy rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Jefferies Group LLC set a €67.50 ($73.37) target price on shares of Danone SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, January 16th. Deutsche Bank AG set a €56.00 ($60.87) target price on shares of Danone SA and gave the company a sell rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. reissued a neutral rating on shares of Danone SA in a report on Tuesday, March 28th. Finally, Baader Bank set a €63.00 ($68.48) target price on shares of Danone SA and gave the company a neutral rating in a report on Monday, February 20th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of Hold and a consensus target price of €69.56 ($75.61). Danone SA (EPA:BN) opened at 67.12 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is €64.23 and its 200-day moving average price is €61.52. Danone SA has a 52 week low of €57.66 and a 52 week high of €70.53. The company has a market cap of €41.41 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.06. WARNING: This story was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/barclays-plc-analysts-give-danone-sa-bn-a-70-70-price-target.html. About Danone SA Danone SA is engaged in holding directly or indirectly companies, and coordination of the main functions and activities. The Company operates through four segments: Fresh Dairy Products Division, Waters Division, Early Life Nutrition Division and Medical Nutrition Division. The Fresh Dairy Products Division produces and markets yogurts, fermented fresh dairy products and specialized dairy products. Receive News & Ratings for Danone SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Danone SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Getty Realty Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Gemphire Therapeutics Inc (GEMP) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research US Geothermal Inc (HTM) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Koppers Holdings Inc. (KOP) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) to Hold Cemex SAB de CV (CX) Short Interest Down 9.5% in April Bonanza Creek Energy Inc (BCEI) Short Interest Update Infinera Corp. (INFN) Downgraded to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Essential Energy Services Ltd Decreased by Cormark (ESN) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Paramount Resources, Ltd. Raised by Cormark (POU) Cormark Research Analysts Lower Earnings Estimates for Spartan Energy Corp (SPE) Absolute Software (ABT) Price Target Raised to C$8.00 Scotiabank Boosts Artis Real Estate Investment Trust (AX.UN) Price Target to C$14.00 CIBC Lowers Alaris Royalty Corp. (AD) Price Target to C$20.00 Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Walt Disney (DIS) Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Rating Reiterated by Barrington Research Informa Plc (INF) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Short Interest in Infosys Ltd (INFY) Declines By 9.7% Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Given “Neutral” Rating at Clarkson Capital Peel Hunt Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Lookers PLC (LOOK) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) to Hold May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) was downgraded by Zacks Investment Research from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report issued on Thursday. According to Zacks, “Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, leasing and financing of retail motor fuel and convenience store properties and petroleum distribution terminals in the United States. The company’s properties are leased or sublet to distributors and retailers engaged in the sale of gasoline and various motor fuel products, convenience store products, and automotive repair services. Getty’s properties are operated under a variety of brands including Getty, BP, Exxon, Mobil, Shell, Chevron, Valero, Fina and Aloha. It is also a marketer of heating oil in Pennsylvania and Maryland. Getty Realty Corp. is headquartered in Jericho, New York. “ Separately, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised their price target on Getty Realty Corp. from $16.00 to $20.00 and gave the company an “underweight” rating in a report on Monday, April 3rd. Shares of Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) opened at 25.00 on Thursday. The company has a market cap of $865.23 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.31 and a beta of 0.51. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $25.78 and its 200-day moving average is $25.11. Getty Realty Corp. has a 52 week low of $19.44 and a 52 week high of $26.71. Getty Realty Corp. (NYSE:GTY) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, March 1st. The real estate investment trust reported $0.43 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.02. Getty Realty Corp. had a return on equity of 12.35% and a net margin of 43.33%. The firm had revenue of $29.70 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $24 million. During the same period last year, the company earned $0.68 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was down .3% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts predict that Getty Realty Corp. will post $1.08 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Thursday, July 6th. Stockholders of record on Thursday, June 22nd will be issued a dividend of $0.28 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Tuesday, June 20th. This represents a $1.12 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.48%. Getty Realty Corp.’s payout ratio is presently 75.68%. WARNING: “Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) to Hold” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/zacks-investment-research-downgrades-getty-realty-corp-gty-to-hold.html. Several institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. KCG Holdings Inc. bought a new position in shares of Getty Realty Corp. during the first quarter valued at $444,000. BlackRock Inc. increased its position in shares of Getty Realty Corp. by 10,055.3% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,960,359 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $100,077,000 after buying an additional 3,921,361 shares during the last quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC increased its position in shares of Getty Realty Corp. by 15.8% in the first quarter. Renaissance Technologies LLC now owns 988,712 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $24,985,000 after buying an additional 134,700 shares during the last quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Getty Realty Corp. by 232.1% in the first quarter. Citadel Advisors LLC now owns 29,888 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $755,000 after buying an additional 20,888 shares during the last quarter. Finally, UBS Group AG increased its position in shares of Getty Realty Corp. by 15.9% in the first quarter. UBS Group AG now owns 17,554 shares of the real estate investment trust’s stock valued at $443,000 after buying an additional 2,404 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 56.64% of the company’s stock. Getty Realty Corp. Company Profile Getty Realty Corp. is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company specializes in the ownership, leasing and financing of convenience store and gasoline station properties. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s 829 properties were located in 23 states across the United States and Washington, District of Columbia. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Getty Realty Corp. (GTY) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Getty Realty Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Getty Realty Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Walt Disney (DIS) Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Rating Reiterated by Barrington Research Informa Plc (INF) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Short Interest in Infosys Ltd (INFY) Declines By 9.7% Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Given “Neutral” Rating at Clarkson Capital Peel Hunt Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Lookers PLC (LOOK) TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for TrueCar Inc Issued By B. Riley (TRUE) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tripadvisor Inc Reduced by Analyst (TRIP) National Bank Financial Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Trinidad Drilling Ltd. (TDG) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Knight Therapeutics Inc Increased by Cormark (GUD) Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Upgraded to C at TheStreet Innovative Solutions & Support Inc (ISSC) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Given “Buy” Rating at B. Riley $300.22 Million in Sales Expected for MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) This Quarter $9.48 Billion in Sales Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) This Quarter Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD.UN) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Neuroderm’s (NDRM) Hold Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Walt Disney (DIS) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Walt Disney (NYSE: DIS): 5/12/2017 – Walt Disney had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $95.00 price target on the stock. 5/12/2017 – Walt Disney had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Loop Capital. They now have a $117.00 price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Walt Disney had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $134.00 price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Walt Disney had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC. They now have a $110.00 price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Walt Disney had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Wells Fargo & Co. They now have a $111.00 price target on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Walt Disney was given a new $130.00 price target on by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 5/10/2017 – Walt Disney had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Macquarie. 5/8/2017 – Walt Disney had its price target raised by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities from $120.00 to $125.00. They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 4/26/2017 – Walt Disney had its “conviction-buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a $138.00 price target on the stock. 4/25/2017 – Walt Disney had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Needham & Company LLC. 4/24/2017 – Walt Disney was downgraded by analysts at Loop Capital from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $114.44 price target on the stock, down previously from $115.00. 4/23/2017 – Walt Disney had its “sell” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Pivotal Research. They now have a $85.00 price target on the stock. 4/20/2017 – Walt Disney had its price target raised by analysts at Morgan Stanley from $124.00 to $130.00. They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Walt Disney was given a new $138.00 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group Inc. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Walt Disney had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at JPMorgan Chase & Co.. They now have a $124.00 price target on the stock. 4/11/2017 – Walt Disney had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Guggenheim. They now have a $128.00 price target on the stock. 4/10/2017 – Walt Disney was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $118.01 price target on the stock. 4/7/2017 – Walt Disney had its price target raised by analysts at FBR & Co from $113.00 to $116.00. They now have a “mkt perform” rating on the stock. 4/6/2017 – Walt Disney had its “market perform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein. They now have a $107.00 price target on the stock. 4/4/2017 – Walt Disney is now covered by analysts at Rosenblatt Securities. They set a “neutral” rating and a $120.00 price target on the stock. 4/3/2017 – Walt Disney was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $117.10 price target on the stock. 3/28/2017 – Walt Disney was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $117.10 price target on the stock. 3/27/2017 – Walt Disney had its price target raised by analysts at Jefferies Group LLC from $100.00 to $110.00. They now have a “hold” rating on the stock. 3/21/2017 – Walt Disney had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Drexel Hamilton. 3/21/2017 – Walt Disney had its price target raised by analysts at Instinet to $125.00. 3/21/2017 – Walt Disney had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Nomura. They now have a $125.00 price target on the stock, up previously from $120.00. 3/21/2017 – Walt Disney was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $117.10 price target on the stock. 3/20/2017 – Walt Disney was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $115.94 price target on the stock. 3/16/2017 – Walt Disney had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. They now have a $130.00 price target on the stock. Shares of Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) opened at 109.69 on Monday. The firm has a market cap of $175.50 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 19.13 and a beta of 1.25. Walt Disney Co has a 52-week low of $90.32 and a 52-week high of $116.10. The company’s 50 day moving average is $113.04 and its 200 day moving average is $107.07. Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, May 9th. The entertainment giant reported $1.50 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.45 by $0.05. The company had revenue of $13.34 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $13.44 billion. Walt Disney had a net margin of 16.29% and a return on equity of 19.43%. Walt Disney’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned $1.36 earnings per share. Analysts anticipate that Walt Disney Co will post $5.96 earnings per share for the current year. In other Walt Disney news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $114.50, for a total value of $229,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 27,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,176,802.50. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Susan E. Arnold sold 12,143 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 11th. The stock was sold at an average price of $109.02, for a total transaction of $1,323,829.86. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 48,673 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,306,330.46. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 13.00% of the stock is owned by insiders. The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance ING Groep NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Ritchie Bros Auctioneers Inc (RBA) Rating Reiterated by Barrington Research Informa Plc (INF) Rating Reiterated by Berenberg Bank ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts Short Interest in Infosys Ltd (INFY) Declines By 9.7% Barrick Gold Corp (ABX) Given “Neutral” Rating at Clarkson Capital Peel Hunt Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Lookers PLC (LOOK) TrueCar Inc (TRUE) Expected to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of ($0.08) Per Share Q2 2017 Earnings Estimate for TrueCar Inc Issued By B. Riley (TRUE) Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Tripadvisor Inc Reduced by Analyst (TRIP) National Bank Financial Equities Analysts Raise Earnings Estimates for Trinidad Drilling Ltd. (TDG) Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Knight Therapeutics Inc Increased by Cormark (GUD) Paramount Group Inc (PGRE) Upgraded to C at TheStreet Innovative Solutions & Support Inc (ISSC) Lifted to B- at TheStreet Tesoro Co. (TSO) Stock Rating Lowered by TheStreet DHX Media Ltd (DHXM) Given “Buy” Rating at B. Riley $300.22 Million in Sales Expected for MSA Safety Incorporated (MSA) This Quarter $9.48 Billion in Sales Expected for Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) This Quarter Boyd Group Income Fund (BYD.UN) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Neuroderm’s (NDRM) Hold Rating Reiterated at Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Analysts Set Black Hills Corp (BKH) PT at $69.60 ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Europe - Finance Tweet ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) has been given a €16.00 ($17.39) price target by stock analysts at Royal Bank of Canada in a report issued on Thursday. The firm currently has a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other equities research analysts also recently weighed in on the company. Macquarie set a €16.50 ($17.93) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Deutsche Bank AG set a €15.50 ($16.85) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Jefferies Group LLC set a €16.40 ($17.83) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a €14.80 ($16.09) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, March 23rd. Finally, BNP Paribas set a €14.30 ($15.54) price objective on ING Groep NV and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a report on Monday, March 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of €15.63 ($16.99). Shares of ING Groep NV (AMS:INGA) opened at 15.315 on Thursday. ING Groep NV has a 52 week low of €9.36 and a 52 week high of €15.88. The firm has a market cap of €60.36 billion and a PE ratio of 12.223. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is €14.48 and its 200 day moving average price is €13.62. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “ING Groep NV (INGA) Given a €16.00 Price Target by Royal Bank of Canada Analysts” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/ing-groep-nv-inga-given-a-16-00-price-target-by-royal-bank-of-canada-analysts.html. About ING Groep NV ING Groep N.V. (ING) is a financial institution. The Company offers banking services. The Company’s segments include Retail Netherlands, which offers current and savings accounts, business lending, mortgages and other consumer lending in the Netherlands; Retail Belgium, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands; Retail Germany, which offers current and savings accounts, mortgages and other customer lending; Retail Other, which offers products that are similar to those in the Netherlands, and Wholesale Banking, which offers wholesale banking activities (a full range of products from cash management to corporate finance), real estate and lease. Receive News & Ratings for ING Groep NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for ING Groep NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks May 15, 2017 11:44 AM IST | Source: CNBC-TV18 Buy, Sell, Hold: Here are 6 stocks that analysts are tracking today Titan, Yes Bank, and Idea Cellular, among others, are on the radar of analysts on Monday. Titan Brokerage: Ambit | Rating: Sell | Target: Rs 441 Ambit believes that wedding jewellery will drive the company’s same store sales growth (SSSG), given the reduction in impact of demonetisation. It also said that jewellery business was in top gear, while margins lagged for the firm. The Return on Equity (RoE) will remain capped at 25 percent despite revenue CAGR of 17 percent over FY17-22. Its current valuation reflects 17 percent EPS CAGR over FY17-20 on low margin. Brokerage: Kotak | Rating: Reduce | Target: Rs 430 Kotak earnings per share (EPS) estimates for FY18/19 go up 2-3 percent as it raised revenue assumptions sharply. EPS forecasts for FY18 and FY19 stand at Rs 12.4 and Rs 14.4. The brokerage also raised revenue estimates by 8-9 percent for FY18/19. It also cut margin forecasts to accommodate management’s aggressive growth-centric outlook. Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Outperform | Target: Rs 555 CLSA believes that Titan is a strong play on urban discretionary consumption. The key risk to the stock remains to be the final rate under GST. While jewellery focus would be on growth, efforts will be to sustain current margin, the brokerage added. Brokerage: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Call | Target: Rs 510 Current gold rates, GST rate of 5 percent and PAN limit reduction are the key risks to the stock. It raised FY18-19 EPS by 2/8 percent. Brokerage: JPMorgan | Rating: Neutral | Target: Rs 500 The global financial firm believes that the current valuation is discounting much of the optimism. A further acceleration in growth rates is a key upside risk to the stock. Meanwhile, higher GST rates, impacting demand, could be a key downside risk to the stock. Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Overweight | Target: Rs 550 Morgan Stanley said that Titan was its top pick in consumer discretionary space. It believes GST implementation, strong jewellery business could drive earnings ahead. On its March performance, it observed that 55 percent revenue growth in jewellery business was the key highlight for the firm. Customer acquisition of Tanishq will structurally drive growth trends higher. Yes Bank Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 1,920 CLSA observed that the bank’s annual report showed divergence in assessment of NPLs between the management and the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) in FY16. The bank’s stressed loan ratio rose from 1.6-3 percent, but is much lower than the sectors’ 13 percent. It is also scaling up its retail franchise with 16 percent branch growth and an employee growth of 34 percent. Meanwhile, losses in retail widened with investment and hence ramp up is the key. It sees 25 percent profit CAGR led by topline and steady credit costs over FY17-20. Brokerage: Deutsche Bank | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 1,700 Deutsche Bank said that divergences as of March 2017 may lead to higher than expected NPL and credit costs in FY17. It does not see much risk to the earnings as FY16 divergence is already accounted. Nestle India Brokerage: Morgan Stanley | Rating: Underweight | Target: Rs 5,700 The global financial service firm observed that Nestle India had an operationally weak quarter, but lower tax rates cushioned the earnings. It expects only a gradual recovery in revenue growth trends. It is underweight due to continuing weak growth trends across infant nutrition, coffee and chocolates. It reiterated its long held view that packaged foods in India may be nearing an inflection point. It also sees downside risks to valuation if volume growth across portfolio, including Maggi, lacks recovery. Brokerage: JPMorgan | Rating: Underweight | Target: Rs 6,000 JPMorgan said that exports were impacted by lower sales to Nepal and Bhutan. Other operating income increased sharply due to timing differences of export incentives, it said in its report. Brokerage: Kotak | Rating: Sell | Target: Rs 5,700 The brokerage has kept revenue and profit after tax (PAT) estimates for CY17-19 broadly unchanged. It continues to build aggressive assumptions into its model. The EPS estimates for the current and next calendar year stand at Rs 125 and Rs 150. Idea Brokerage: Kotak Kotak said that Volume surge in both voice and data with Jio in the backdrop is encouraging. Meanwhile, cost optimisation was the highlight of the quarter, it added. OBC Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Sell | Target: Rs 100 CLSA believes that an improvement in NPL coverage ratio to 38 percent QoQ was a key positive in Q4. It has lower earnings estimates for the current and next fiscal to build in a slightly lower topline and higher credit costs. Dr Reddy’s Laboratories Brokerage: CLSA | Rating: Buy | Target: Rs 3,280The brokerage house observed that there were signs of recovery in US launches and risk reward was favourable in the stock. It said that FY17 was the worst year in the company’s history with multiple challenges across businesses. It cut FY18/19 EPS by 17/9 percent. tags #Dr Reddys Laboratories #Stocks Views #Yes Bank Related news Business Buy Maruti Suzuki, Tata Elxsi, Adani Enterprises: Rajat Bose May 16, 2017 12:01 PM Business Buy Bharti Airtel, TCS; Balaji Telefilms may test Rs 145: Mitessh Thakkar May 16, 2017 11:49 AM Business Buy Muthoot Finance, Reliance Industries; sell Yes Bank: Ashwani Gujral May 16, 2017 11:46 AM Business Buy Bata India, TVS Motor may test Rs 580-600: Ashwani Gujral May 16, 2017 11:31 AM Business Buy Sun TV Network, avoid JK Tyre; go long in Nifty: Sudarshan Sukhani May 16, 2017 11:24 AM Business Buy India Cements, Century Textiles; sell Aurobindo Pharma: Sudarshan Sukhani May 16, 2017 11:18 AM Business Buy JSW Steel 205 Call, SAIL 62.5 Call: VK Sharma May 16, 2017 10:50 AM Business Buy India Cements, Castrol India, IDFC Bank, Sintex; sell MCX India: Mitessh Thakkar May 16, 2017 10:47 AM Business Buy Bhushan Steel, India Cements, HDIL, Can Fin Homes, Bajaj Finserv: Ashwani Gujral May 16, 2017 10:43 AM News Most Popular Top News Almost 35 midcap stocks turn multibaggers in the 3 years of Modi govt; do you own them? IPL points table is complicated: Three matches, eight possible outcomes Bangalore techies in panic mode as IT companies shed workforce Reliance Jio launching JioFiber Preview Offer in Mumbai, Delhi-NCR, 4 other cities CBI raids Chennai residences of P Chidambaram, son Karti Three years of Modi Govt: Record highs for Sensex, Nifty; fresh 52-week highs for over 100 stocks Market Live: Sensex, Nifty off day's high; Midcap underperforms; banks drag Nokia 3310 to be available from May 18 in stores, priced at Rs 3310; know the specs see more Video of the day Quantum says midcap, smallcap rally 'worrying', time to look at select IT, pharma Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Uttaresh Venkateshwaran
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News East West Bancorp (EWBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds MEDNAX (MD) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Philip Morris International (PM) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Share Price Fidelity National Information Servcs (FIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $843.49 Million Brokerages Anticipate Materion Corp (MTRN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Domtar Corp (UFS) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.51 Per Share Analysts Expect ITT Inc. (ITT) to Post $0.63 EPS Galectin Therapeutics (GALT) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact DTE Energy (DTE) Share Price Power Integrations (POWI) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Earns News Impact Score of 0.18 Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.23 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Will Post Earnings of $0.59 Per Share Analysts Set Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Target Price at $15.33 Brokerages Expect Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Will Post Earnings of $0.09 Per Share AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Price Target at $12.25 Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) have been trending somewhat positive recently, AlphaOne reports. The research firm, a service of Accern, ranks the sentiment of media coverage by analyzing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals earned a news sentiment score of 0.23 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned headlines about the biotechnology company an impact score of 21 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is very unlikely to have an impact on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. Here are some of the headlines that may have impacted AlphaOne Sentiment’s rankings: Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) Sees Large Drop in Short Interest (eleganthomesinla.com) Earnings on the Doorstep For Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc (gonefishingfish.com) -$0.22 Earnings Per Share Expected for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (IRWD) This Quarter (americanbankingnews.com) Wealth Enhancement Advisory Services Has Raised Fluor New (FLR) Holding, Orbimed Advisors Has Cut Its Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Stake (whatsonthorold.com) Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc. – Value Analysis (NASDAQ:IRWD) : May 11, 2017 (finance.yahoo.com) Several equities research analysts have weighed in on the company. Mizuho boosted their price objective on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals from $21.00 to $22.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Wedbush reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $13.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Wells Fargo & Co assumed coverage on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Wednesday, May 3rd. They set an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price objective on the stock. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $20.00 price objective on shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals in a research note on Tuesday, May 9th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $21.00 price objective on Ironwood Pharmaceuticals and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 2nd. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $18.20. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) traded up 3.77% on Friday, hitting $18.17. The stock had a trading volume of 1,582,369 shares. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals has a 12 month low of $10.24 and a 12 month high of $18.53. The stock’s market cap is $2.70 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $16.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $15.94. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:IRWD) last posted its earnings results on Monday, May 8th. The biotechnology company reported ($0.33) earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.19) by $0.14. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals had a negative net margin of 34.29% and a negative return on equity of 94.17%. The company had revenue of $52.16 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $69.39 million. During the same quarter last year, the business posted ($0.08) EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 21.0% on a year-over-year basis. On average, analysts forecast that Ironwood Pharmaceuticals will post ($0.83) EPS for the current year. In related news, insider Halley E. Gilbert sold 37,385 shares of Ironwood Pharmaceuticals stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, February 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $16.75, for a total value of $626,198.75. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 37,385 shares in the company, valued at approximately $626,198.75. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 7.17% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. WARNING: This article was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/ironwood-pharmaceuticals-irwd-given-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-23.html. Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Company Profile Ironwood Pharmaceuticals, Inc is a biotechnology company. The Company is advancing product opportunities in areas of unmet need, including irritable bowel syndrome with constipation (IBS C), and chronic idiopathic constipation (CIC), hyperuricemia associated with uncontrolled gout, uncontrolled gastroesophageal reflux disease (uncontrolled GERD), and vascular and fibrotic diseases. Receive News & Ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ironwood Pharmaceuticals Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MEDNAX Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News East West Bancorp (EWBC) Earning Positive Press Coverage, Analysis Finds MEDNAX (MD) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 Ironwood Pharmaceuticals (IRWD) Given Coverage Optimism Score of 0.23 Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Philip Morris International (PM) Share Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Oppenheimer Holdings (OPY) Share Price Fidelity National Information Servcs (FIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Study Finds KAR Auction Services Inc (KAR) Expected to Announce Quarterly Sales of $843.49 Million Brokerages Anticipate Materion Corp (MTRN) Will Announce Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Domtar Corp (UFS) Expected to Announce Earnings of $0.51 Per Share Analysts Expect ITT Inc. (ITT) to Post $0.63 EPS Galectin Therapeutics (GALT) Receiving Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Likely to Impact DTE Energy (DTE) Share Price Power Integrations (POWI) Getting Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage, Analysis Shows Contango Oil & Gas Company (MCF) Earns News Impact Score of 0.18 Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Earns News Impact Rating of 0.23 Zacks: Analysts Anticipate Republic Services, Inc. (RSG) Will Post Earnings of $0.59 Per Share Analysts Set Inovalon Holdings Inc (INOV) Target Price at $15.33 Brokerages Expect Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) Will Post Earnings of $0.09 Per Share AtriCure Inc. (ATRC) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Brokerages Set CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Price Target at $12.25 MEDNAX (MD) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25 May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) has trended somewhat positive this week, according to Alpha One Sentiment Analysis. The research group, a service of Accern, identifies negative and positive news coverage by analyzing more than twenty million blog and news sources in real time. Alpha One ranks coverage of companies on a scale of negative one to one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. MEDNAX earned a media sentiment score of 0.25 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also assigned news coverage about the company an impact score of 60 out of 100, meaning that recent news coverage is somewhat likely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near term. A number of research analysts have recently commented on MD shares. Zacks Investment Research cut MEDNAX from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Bank of America Corp cut MEDNAX from a “buy” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, May 4th. Robert W. Baird cut MEDNAX from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $72.00 price target on the stock. in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of MEDNAX in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $69.00 price target on shares of MEDNAX in a research report on Friday, March 10th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating and eight have assigned a hold rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $68.29. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) traded down 0.13% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $55.27. The company had a trading volume of 1,240,539 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $5.10 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.50 and a beta of 0.67. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $63.65 and its 200 day moving average is $66.33. MEDNAX has a 52 week low of $53.80 and a 52 week high of $76.96. MEDNAX (NYSE:MD) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, May 4th. The company reported $0.75 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.74 by $0.01. MEDNAX had a return on equity of 13.59% and a net margin of 10.21%. The firm had revenue of $835.60 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $837.01 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $0.87 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 11.0% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities research analysts predict that MEDNAX will post $3.66 EPS for the current year. In other news, SVP Dominic J. Andreano sold 6,000 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.59, for a total value of $417,540.00. Following the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 30,746 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,139,614.14. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Also, CFO Vivian Lopez-Blanco sold 15,164 shares of MEDNAX stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 17th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.01, for a total value of $1,061,631.64. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 59,097 shares in the company, valued at $4,137,380.97. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 63,446 shares of company stock worth $4,315,941 over the last ninety days. Insiders own 2.40% of the company’s stock. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “MEDNAX (MD) Earns Coverage Optimism Score of 0.25” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/mednax-md-earns-coverage-optimism-score-of-0-25.html. MEDNAX Company Profile MEDNAX, Inc is a provider of physician services, including newborn, anesthesia, maternal-fetal, teleradiology, pediatric cardiology and other pediatric subspecialty care. As of December 31, 2016, the Company’s national network consisted of over 3,600 affiliated physicians, including over 1,130 physicians providing neonatal clinical care, in 35 states and Puerto Rico, primarily within hospital-based neonatal intensive care units (NICUs), to babies born prematurely or with medical complications. Receive News & Ratings for MEDNAX Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MEDNAX Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Country Garden Maintains Leading Position Worldwide with Sales of US$29.6 Billion in First 4 Months SHUNDE, China, May 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Chinese real estate developer Country Garden Holdings Company Limited (2007.HK) announced recently that, for the four months ended April 30, 2017, the company and its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, achieved contracted sales of 204.2 billion yuan (approx. US$29.6 billion). The positive results allowed the company to maintain its leading position worldwide for this key indicator. The sales represent an aggregate gross floor area (GFA) of approximately 22.56 million square meters. A spokesman for Country Garden explained that the developer is committed to building affordable, quality housing, while the superior performance during the four-month period was mainly driven by the market and by the well-established reputation of the brand. Country Garden has defined 2017 as „the year of quality management”, explaining, by way of a metaphor, that the heart and soul of the dedicated craftsman goes into every brick that is laid. The company upgraded the standards applied to every step of the workflow and production chain, including site selection, the construction process, layout of the residential units and quality of the fixtures, not only offering a good home to families from different walks of life, but also providing comprehensive community support facilities and property services. The spokesperson disclosed that, during the four months, Country Garden followed all the guidelines issued by the Chinese government in terms of assuring buyers of reasonably priced accommodations and the market of a steady supply of new housing units. These actions contributed to the positive sales results. Country Garden’s growth has been reflected by the firm’s performance in the capital markets, with the market value climbing steadily to exceed HK$160 billion (approx. US$20.5 billion). JPMorgan said in its research report that the bank maintains an „Outperform” rating, in consideration of the developer’s „strong cash flow growth, a declining net gearing ratio, steady performance in the second half of 2016 and decreased financing activities”. JPMorgan noted that Country Garden is the only listed real estate company in China that continues to undertake large real estate projects in and around first- and second-tier cities, an approach that the bank considers as having low policy-related risks and is consistent with China’s new urbanization policy that is a part of the country’s economic development strategy as outlined in the 13th Five-Year Plan. Country Garden is also one of the few real estate companies to have a well thought-out and reasonable incentive system, with headquarters trusting regional branches on land acquisitions, ensuring the profitability of projects. In addition, Nomura raised Country Garden’s target price to HK$7.90 (approx. US$1) per share and expects its earnings growing by more than 30 per cent this year. Citigroup, Deutsche Bank and other rating institutions also gave Country Garden a „Buy” rating. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/country-garden-maintains-leading-position-worldwide-with-sales-of-us296-billion-in-first-4-months-300457271.html SOURCE Country Garden Holdings CategoriesUncategorized TagsSales Reports Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LG Innotek mass produces thermoelectric modules for Wine Cellars Next PostNext Worlds Best Import & Export Company Introduces Mini UV Printer That Can Print on a Variety of Surfaces Without Coating or Pretreatment Search Recent Posts Protecting Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Market Marketing Strategy Analysis with Chain and Sourcing Strategy upto 2022 Kieffer’s Appliances Celebrates 100 Years Prostrate Specific Antigen Testing Sales Market Overview, Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities & Restraints to 2022 Wi-Fi Test Equipment Market | Industry Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases April 2017 Monthly Production Report RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
