Self-Dealing Suit Challenges Fees and Fund Monitoring | PLANSPONSOR
 Menu Home Latest News Dash News By Topic Administration Benefits Investing Deals and People Products Compliance Data and research Participants Navigation Latest News Awards Research Thought Leadership Latest Events Video Subscribe to PLANSPONSOR Tap here to close Newsletter Latest Newsdash LATEST (b)LINES Newsdash ARCHIVE (b)LINES ARCHIVE Newsdash Weekend ARCHIVE Subscribe Magazine Latest Issue Past Issues Subscribe to PS Home News & Columns News Topics Latest News Administration Plan Design, Operations, Outsourcing Benefits HR, Health Care, Post-Retirement Investing Economic Commentary, Investment Trends, Market Insights Deals and People Business Wins, Job Changes, Mergers and Acquisitions Products Investments, Platform Enhancements, Tools and Services Compliance Court Decisions, Legislation, Regulations Data and research Industry Trends, Plan Benchmarks, Statistics Participants Attitudes and Behavior, Education and Advice Awards 2016 PLANSPONSOR Retirement Plan Adviser of the Year 2016 PLANSPONSOR Plan Sponsors of the Year Columns Industry Voices Second Opinions Ask the Experts: (b)Lines Survey Says Awards Research SURVEYS BUYERS GUIDE Thought Leadership Events & Webcasts Video Search Compliance Self-Dealing Suit Challenges Fees and Fund Monitoring An employee at JPMorgan Chase argues the firm's retirement plan fees were not properly controlled and that conflicts of interest damaged performance. By John Manganaro editors@assetinternational.com | January 26, 2017 Page 1 of 3 View Full Article Fiduciaries of the internal JPMorgan Chase 401(k) plan are facing a proposed class-action suit, brought by an employee who argues the retirement plan’s fees were not properly controlled and that conflicts of interest damaged net-of-fee performance. The suit, filed in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, names as defendants JPMorgan Chase Bank, as well as the company’s board, various benefit committee members, human resources executives and others. The complaint echoes allegations that are by now very familiar to retirement plan industry professionals: “Plan’s fiduciaries breached their duties of loyalty and prudence to the plan and its participants by failing to utilize an established systematic review of the investment options in its portfolio to evaluate them for both performance and cost, regardless of affiliation to JPMorgan Chase … This failure to adequately review the investment portfolio of the plan led thousands of plan participants to pay higher than necessary fees for both proprietary investment options and certain other options for years.” In no uncertain terms the lawsuit alleges “blatant self-dealing” that occurred when fiduciaries “allowed higher than necessary fees to continue to be paid on their own proprietary options.” Again like a long list of other proposed class action suits filed in recent months and years, participants say the large size of the plan, valued between $14.64 billion and $20.94 billion during the class period, should have been enough to allow plan fiduciaries to negotiate fees down to levels near the lowest available in the market—regardless of whether a proprietary or outside provider was utilized. The specific charges include a failure to adequately review the investment portfolio of the plan to ensure that each investment option was prudent, both in cost and performance and without regard to the option’s affiliation with JPMorgan Chase. Plaintiffs also want an accounting of why the plan continued to retain proprietary mutual funds, from the bank and its affiliated companies, within the plan “despite the availability of nearly identical lower cost and better performing investment options.” Finally, participants accuse plan fiduciaries of “failing to affect a reduction in fees on 20 different investment options at an earlier date, most of them proprietary funds; and failing to offer commingled accounts, separate accounts, or collective trusts in lieu of the proprietary mutual funds in the plan, despite their far lower fees.” NEXT: Details from the complaint  Prev 1 2 3 Next View Full Article Tagged: Litigation, related articles related research most e-mailed Saxon Angle Why Fee Policy Statements? From plansponsor.com DOL Fiduciary Reform Effort Losing Steam Self-Dealing Suit Challenges Fees and Fund Monitoring Schwab Faces Excessive Fee, Self-Dealing Lawsuit Supreme Court May Hear Case About Co-fiduciary Indemnifying Trustees Plan Sponsors Must Judge Fees Independently J.C. Penney to Settle Stock Drop Suit Saxon Angle Why Fee Policy Statements? From plansponsor.com 2016 Defined Contribution Survey 2016 Third–Party Administrator Buyer’s Guide 2016 PLANSPONSOR Stock Plan Administration Buyer's Guide 2016 PLANSPONSOR THIRD-PARTY ADMINISTRATOR SURVEY 2016 Recordkeeping Survey 2016 Participant Survey Saxon Angle Why Fee Policy Statements? From plansponsor.com Schwab Faces Excessive Fee and Self Dealing Lawsuit Peering Through the Fiduciary Rule Uncertainty The Basics About Form 5500s Millennials Keenly Interested in Employers With 401k Plans Can K-12 403bs Find a Balance go to news topic SPONSORED MESSAGES Get PLANSPONSOR Email * NewsDash (i) PLANSPONSOR’s Newsdash: The industry’s leading daily source for information focused on the critical issues impacting benefits industry professionals. (b)lines(i) PLANSPONSOR's (b)lines: The newsletter designed to help 403(b) plan managers and advisers stay on top of the fast moving changes and developments in this evolving market. Thought Leadership(i) PLANSPONSOR’s Thought Leadership: Monthly round-up of sponsored thought-leadership Q&As, interviews and videos. Most popular Most Read Most E-mailed 1 CompliancePeering Through the Fiduciary Rule Uncertainty 2 BenefitsThere Is Hope for Improving Americans Retirement Security 3 AdministrationThe Basics About Form 5500s 4 ComplianceRecordkeepers Preparing for New Fiduciary Era 5 Research2016 Recordkeeping Survey 1 ComplianceSchwab Faces Excessive Fee and Self Dealing Lawsuit 2 CompliancePeering Through the Fiduciary Rule Uncertainty 3 AdministrationThe Basics About Form 5500s 4 ParticipantsMillennials Keenly Interested in Employers With 401k Plans 5 AdministrationCan K-12 403bs Find a Balance Upcoming Events PLANSPONSOR/PLANADVISER Awards for Excellence Dinner The annual networking event to celebrate the accomplishments of t... More Events Thought Leadership Roundtables Longer Lives, Larger Financial NeedsSponsored by Pacific Life Protecting Participant BenefitsSponsored by MetLife Forward ThinkingSponsored by Empower More Thought Leadership Plansponsor Interview Spotlight PNC Retirement Solutions Embraces Fiduciary RoleSponsored by PNC Retirement Solutions More videos Home Administration H/R Benefits Investing Deals and People Products Compliance Data and research Participants News & Columns Events & webcasts Research Video Newsletter Thought Leadership Magazine view desktop versionBack To Top FOLLOW PS PLANSPONSOR News & Columns Research Thought Leadership Events & Webcasts Video Newsletters NewsDash (b)Lines Thought Leadership About PS About PS Contact Us Team Subscriber Services Media Kit Reprints & Permissions GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT Latest issue December 2016 A Time for Reflection get access to plansponsor everywhere Download the app Plansponsor.com is optimized for Subscribe to the print edition Looking for Subscriber Services? get the digital edition Learn more about the digital edition BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login JPMorgan Chase grant to boost Utah exports By MIKE GORRELL | The Salt Lake Tribune First Published Jan 26 2017 01:27PM    •    Last Updated Jan 26 2017 05:35 pm Share This Article Utah's continued interest in developing export markets for its goods and services, Trump Administration trade policies notwithstanding, received a $200,000 boost this week from JPMorgan Chase & Co. The bank's funding will support the Utah Export Acceleration Grant, which will be managed by World Trade Center Utah to help companies in the state to grow their business internationally. Grant money may be used for legal and consulting work, doing international market research, translation services and attending trade missions. "We support initiatives that provide opportunities for businesses striving to take their products and services to international markets," said Craig Zollinger, JPMorgan Chase's managing director in Salt Lake City. "This type of grant can transform small businesses." VIDEOS TOP JOBS Derek Miller, president and CEO of World Trade Center Utah, agrees. "Often, the only thing preventing small to medium-sized businesses from competing in the global marketplace is adequate resources and opportunity," he said. "The grant program will provide the financial means for companies to take that leap and show the world the great products and services Utah has to offer." Miller maintained JPMorgan is supporting Utah because its businesses already have done well making inroads into foreign markets and the state has a "strong, emerging economy." Salt Lake County's economic-development strategy clearly promotes exports. The County Council has adopted a regional export plan and Mayor Ben McAdams has led the county's involvement in the Global Cities Initiative, whose goal of increasing exports from metropolitan Salt Lake is likely to benefit from these acceleration grants. "Salt Lake County is primed for a new era of economic development, which includes focusing on global opportunities," McAdams said. "This generous grant will help kick start our regional export plan and will lead to more hiring by businesses that are serving global customers." One of Trump's first orders of business upon taking office was to issue an executive order that could lead the U.S. out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact. Trump's talked tough about undoing the North American Free Trade Act, too, while suggesting he'd like to form closer trade ties with the United Kingdom. Companies may apply for up to $10,000, depending on their specific needs for global expansion. Application forms are available at www.wtcutah.com. Miller noted that submissions will be reviewed on an ongoing basis, so companies may apply any time within the next year for funding. The program was launched at the Winter Innovation Summit, held Wednesday and Thursday at the Salt Palace Convention Center and co-sponsored by the county and Sorenson Impact Center. mikeg@sltrib.com   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Dana Milbank: Don't get distracted by Trump's 'dead cats' ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance RBC Bearings Incorporated - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Scopus Asset Management L.P. Purchases New Stake in Gaming and Leisure Properties, Inc. (GLPI) Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc. (ITCI) Shares Sold by Redmile Group LLC Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in LendingClub Corporation (LC) Jackson Square Partners LLC Sells 7,255 Shares of Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Ltd. (TSM) Jackson Square Partners LLC Cuts Position in DineEquity, Inc (DIN) BP p.l.c. (BP) Shares Bought by EP Wealth Advisors Inc. EP Wealth Advisors Inc. Reduces Stake in Tesla Motors, Inc. (TSLA) EP Wealth Advisors Inc. Has $698,000 Position in Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Endurant Capital Management LP Buys Shares of 50,300 Exelixis, Inc. (EXEL) Endurant Capital Management LP Buys 8,630 Shares of Aerie Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (AERI) Afam Capital Inc. Sells 1,566 Shares of Barrick Gold Corporation (ABX) HollyFrontier Corporation (HFC) Shares Sold by Afam Capital Inc. Old National Bancorp (ONB) Stake Decreased by Afam Capital Inc. MetLife, Inc. (MET) Position Lowered by Afam Capital Inc. Green Square Capital LLC Has $2,692,000 Stake in Energy Transfer Partners (ETP) Ares Capital Corporation (ARCC) Stake Raised by Green Square Capital LLC Green Square Capital LLC Has $3,963,000 Position in PBF Energy Inc. (PBF) Green Square Capital LLC Has $4,258,000 Stake in Macy’s Inc (M) Page Arthur B Holds Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Page Arthur B Buys Shares of 6,010 Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 10 Shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC boosted its stake in RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) by 0.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 42,357 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 10 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC owned approximately 0.18% of RBC Bearings worth $3,239,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in RBC Bearings by 9.0% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 1,780,572 shares of the company’s stock valued at $136,178,000 after buying an additional 146,498 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in RBC Bearings by 13.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,004,454 shares of the company’s stock valued at $76,821,000 after buying an additional 121,662 shares in the last quarter. Royce & Associates LP increased its position in RBC Bearings by 2.2% in the second quarter. Royce & Associates LP now owns 998,271 shares of the company’s stock valued at $72,375,000 after buying an additional 21,300 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in RBC Bearings by 7.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 741,925 shares of the company’s stock valued at $56,742,000 after buying an additional 50,248 shares in the last quarter. Finally, GW&K Investment Management LLC increased its position in RBC Bearings by 6.5% in the third quarter. GW&K Investment Management LLC now owns 558,144 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,687,000 after buying an additional 33,987 shares in the last quarter. 98.33% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL) traded down 1.4383% during trading on Thursday, reaching $93.1999. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 41,806 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $2.19 billion, a PE ratio of 30.4575 and a beta of 1.19. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $91.79 and a 200-day moving average of $80.29. RBC Bearings Incorporated has a 1-year low of $55.10 and a 1-year high of $95.60. RBC Bearings (NASDAQ:ROLL) last released its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.78 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.77 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $153.90 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $153.26 million. RBC Bearings had a return on equity of 11.71% and a net margin of 11.75%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 3.5% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.76 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that RBC Bearings Incorporated will post $3.22 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Teachers Advisors LLC Purchases 10 Shares of RBC Bearings Incorporated (ROLL)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/teachers-advisors-llc-purchases-10-shares-of-rbc-bearings-incorporated-roll.html. ROLL has been the topic of several analyst reports. Seaport Global Securities downgraded RBC Bearings from an “accumulate” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $73.00 target price on the stock. in a research report on Friday, October 14th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded RBC Bearings from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Monday, October 17th. Finally, William Blair raised RBC Bearings from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, December 12th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $80.40. In related news, insider Michael J. Hartnett sold 6,483 shares of RBC Bearings stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $80.31, for a total transaction of $520,649.73. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director Richard R. Crowell sold 10,500 shares of RBC Bearings stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 13th. The stock was sold at an average price of $92.20, for a total value of $968,100.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders sold 118,960 shares of company stock worth $9,713,327. Company insiders own 4.40% of the company’s stock. RBC Bearings Company Profile RBC Bearings Incorporated is an international manufacturer and marketer of engineered precision bearings and products, which are integral to the manufacture and operation of machines, aircraft and mechanical systems. The Company operates through four segments: Plain Bearings; Roller Bearings; Ball Bearings, and Engineered Products. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ROLL? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for RBC Bearings Incorporated (NASDAQ:ROLL). Receive News & Ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for RBC Bearings Incorporated and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Calavo Growers Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Calavo Growers Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Calavo Growers, Inc. (CVGW) Shares Bought by BlackRock Investment Management LLC January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its position in Calavo Growers, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGW) by 0.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 64,394 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 229 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC owned approximately 0.37% of Calavo Growers worth $4,213,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Calavo Growers by 1,636.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 12,744 shares of the company’s stock worth $835,000 after buying an additional 12,010 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp raised its position in shares of Calavo Growers by 3.3% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 218,111 shares of the company’s stock worth $14,273,000 after buying an additional 6,971 shares in the last quarter. Geduld E E raised its position in shares of Calavo Growers by 87.5% in the third quarter. Geduld E E now owns 7,500 shares of the company’s stock worth $491,000 after buying an additional 3,500 shares in the last quarter. Arizona State Retirement System raised its position in shares of Calavo Growers by 3.9% in the third quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 7,963 shares of the company’s stock worth $521,000 after buying an additional 300 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Capital Fund Management S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Calavo Growers during the third quarter worth $1,217,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 63.98% of the company’s stock. Shares of Calavo Growers, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGW) traded down 1.98% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $56.90. The company had a trading volume of 65,790 shares. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $59.54 and a 200 day moving average of $62.29. The firm has a market capitalization of $992.34 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.10 and a beta of 0.58. Calavo Growers, Inc. has a 52 week low of $46.56 and a 52 week high of $71.48. Calavo Growers (NASDAQ:CVGW) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, December 20th. The company reported $0.53 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.49 by $0.04. The company had revenue of $247.70 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $256.91 million. Calavo Growers had a return on equity of 18.36% and a net margin of 4.06%. Calavo Growers’s quarterly revenue was up 19.1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.28 earnings per share. On average, analysts anticipate that Calavo Growers, Inc. will post $2.43 earnings per share for the current year. WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/calavo-growers-inc-cvgw-shares-bought-by-blackrock-investment-management-llc.html. A number of equities analysts have weighed in on the company. DA Davidson restated a “buy” rating and issued a $75.00 target price (up from $70.00) on shares of Calavo Growers in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Calavo Growers from a “hold” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $72.00 price objective for the company in a report on Friday, December 23rd. Lake Street Capital upped their price objective on Calavo Growers from $71.00 to $76.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Stephens upgraded Calavo Growers from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, November 11th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $72.60. Calavo Growers Company Profile Calavo Growers, Inc (Calavo) is a provider of fresh food. The Company is engaged in the marketing and distribution of avocados, prepared avocados and other perishable foods. It also delivers an array of fresh and prepared food products to food distributors, produce wholesalers, supermarkets, convenience stores and restaurants. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CVGW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Calavo Growers, Inc. (NASDAQ:CVGW). Receive News & Ratings for Calavo Growers Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Calavo Growers Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cross Country Healthcare Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) IDACORP, Inc. (IDA) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group, Inc.’s Q4 2016 Earnings (WEC) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in January People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Reaches New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Stock Price Up 11% After Earnings Beat Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Stock Price Down 7.3% Following Weak Earnings NVR, Inc. (NVR) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chrysalis VCT plc. (CYS) to Issue GBX 3.25 Dividend Dunedin Income Growth Investment Tr PLC to Issue Dividend of GBX 2.58 (DIG) Power Financial Corp (PWF) Receives C$34.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Nintendo Co. (NTDOY) Receives $36.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Yara International ASA (YARIY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Target Healthcare REIT Ltd (THRL) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.57 Brokerages Set Trican Well Servic (TOLWF) Price Target at $4.30 Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (DLR) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $5.73 Per Share Prudential Financial Inc. Raises Stake in Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. increased its stake in Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) by 1.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 80,178 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,490 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. owned approximately 0.24% of Cross Country Healthcare worth $944,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 2.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,751,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,407,000 after buying an additional 53,740 shares in the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 18.1% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 25,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $300,000 after buying an additional 3,900 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 24.5% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 462,732 shares of the company’s stock valued at $5,451,000 after buying an additional 91,011 shares in the last quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. boosted its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 94.1% in the third quarter. TD Asset Management Inc. now owns 26,200 shares of the company’s stock valued at $309,000 after buying an additional 12,700 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Kornitzer Capital Management Inc. KS acquired a new position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare during the third quarter valued at $1,594,000. Institutional investors own 98.34% of the company’s stock. Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) traded down 0.936% on Thursday, hitting $14.285. 53,138 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $14.97 and its 200 day moving average is $13.55. The company’s market capitalization is $471.55 million. Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. has a 52 week low of $9.72 and a 52 week high of $16.00. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Prudential Financial Inc. Raises Stake in Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/prudential-financial-inc-raises-stake-in-cross-country-healthcare-inc-ccrn.html. CCRN has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of Cross Country Healthcare from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 11th. Cantor Fitzgerald set a $17.00 price target on shares of Cross Country Healthcare and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. TheStreet upgraded shares of Cross Country Healthcare from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Cross Country Healthcare in a research note on Monday, November 7th. Finally, Benchmark Co. initiated coverage on shares of Cross Country Healthcare in a research note on Friday, January 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $19.00 price target on the stock. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have issued a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. Cross Country Healthcare currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $17.10. In other Cross Country Healthcare news, insider Vickie Anenberg sold 4,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $15.04, for a total transaction of $72,192.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 190,717 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,868,383.68. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 4.20% of the company’s stock. Cross Country Healthcare Company Profile Cross Country Healthcare, Inc (CCRN) is engaged in providing healthcare recruiting, staffing and workforce solutions. The Company operates in three segments: Nurse and Allied Staffing, Physician Staffing and Other Human Capital Management Services. Its nurse and allied staffing segment is engaged in providing traditional staffing, including temporary and permanent placement of travel nurses and allied professionals, and branch-based local nurses and allied staffing through its Cross Country Staffing brand, MSN, AHG, Mediscan and DirectEd brands. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CCRN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN). Receive News & Ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Is It Time to Bet Against Retail Stocks As the Dow crosses 20,000, it could be a good time to sell off a sector under siege from online competitors. By Steven M. Sears Biography Jan. 25, 2017 2:07 p.m. ET The Dow Jones Industrial Average just crossed 20,000 for the first time, but a key area – retail – may be in trouble. If so, it could be a great time to sell off the sector. Investors, as we have previously noted, typically rely on retail stocks to confirm any broad rallies. The thinking is elementary: The U.S. economy is driven by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. How Tesla Could Profit Off Its CEO’s Ties to Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. China’s Fake Bonds Flash Enron Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 3 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah $200K grant to help small Utah businesses expand globally By Jasen LeeDeseret News@JasenLee1 Published: Jan. 25, 2017 5:10 p.m. Updated: Jan. 25, 2017 5:20 p.m. + Leave a comment SALT LAKE CITY — Utah small businesses are getting a boost to promote international trade. JPMorgan Chase & Co., World Trade Center Utah and Salt Lake County announced Wednesday the launch of the Utah Export Acceleration Grant at the Winter Innovation Summit — a meeting of policymakers and other leaders focused on enhancing social impact around the world. The grant will help local companies with funding to offset the costs associated with global expansion, said Derek Miller, president and chief executive officer of World Trade Center Utah. The agency will be tasked with managing the $200,000 contribution from JPMorgan Chase & Co., making grant awards of up to $10,000, he said. “(The funds) are for us to make small grant awards to small- and medium-sized businesses in order for them to increase their capacity to do international business,” Miller said. “We think it’s a great way for Utah to continue its successes in international business.” Global trade is an important segment of the state economy, he noted. In 2015, Utah shipped $13.3 billion in goods internationally — up 9 percent from the prior year, Miller said. The grant awards will provide access to resources companies need to begin exporting for the first time or spread into new international markets, he added. “We support initiatives that provide opportunities for businesses striving to take their products and services to international markets,” said Craig Zollinger, managing director for JPMorgan Chase in Salt Lake City. “It’s this type of grant that can transform small businesses, and we view this as a critical step in providing a successful framework as it relates to export acceleration.” Recently, World Trade Center Utah and Salt Lake County partnered with JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the Brookings Institution, based in Washington, D.C., on the Global Cities Initiative — a five-year plan to help U.S. metro areas reposition their local economies for enhanced engagement in global markets. The result of the collaboration was a strategy to increase exports in the Salt Lake Valley, and this new initiative will continue that effort, Salt Lake County Mayor Ben McAdams said. “Salt Lake County is primed for a new era of economic development, which includes focusing on global opportunities,” he said. “This generous grant will help kick-start our regional export plan and will lead to more hiring by businesses that are serving global customers.” Funds from the grant must be used to pay for services or resources that help the recipient’s company grow internationally, such as legal and consulting work, funding for international market research, costs of translation services or trade mission funding, Miller explained. Applications are available online at the World Trade Center Utah website, with submissions reviewed on an ongoing basis, he said. “Companies in Utah are well-positioned for international expansion, and this grant will provide the means for them to get the help they need,” Miller said. Meanwhile, the new grant comes during the same week President Donald Trump signed an executive order withdrawing the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a global trade agreement between 12 countries. Miller said Utah is among a few states that stand to lose economically from the executive action. “We’re one of only eight states to see an increase in exports (in 2016),” he said. “It would be bad for Utah and the United State to take a protectionist position against the world.” Comment on this story He said Utah could show other states a prime example of how to be successful and competitive in the global marketplace. Among the primary strategies would be to retrain workers who “have been left behind” by the tech economy. “If there are people who were trained in a certain trade and that trade — for whatever reason — can’t land them a job because those jobs are gone, then they have opportunities to be retrained,” Miller said. “They can be trained in areas where we see job growth, such as advanced manufacturing, life sciences or information technology.” He said the best way to mitigate the current national trade situation is to learn to better manage the challenging issues, rather than move to an isolationist strategy. “The answer is to retrain, not to retreat,” Miller said. + Leave a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by University of Utah Health Care Right in the jaw: ice chewing, tooth picking and other habits that ruin your teeth Utah 7 hours ago Air bag keeps skier above snow in Summit County avalanche Utah 17 hours ago Fire destroys snowplows, causes millions in damage The PopuList 1 Bryce Canyon winter wonderland weekend itinerary 2 Utahns invited to attend workshops on Point of the Mountain's future 3 Legislature Day 1: Thousands of demonstrators take over Utah Capitol 4 Snow day for Cache County and Logan City schools 5 A.M. notes: Legislature preview, Sundance, rough start for Trump, Chris Evans pranks fans View all for Utah most Commented 121 Why these LDS women took part in Women's March events 94 Women's March overshadows Legislature's opening day 75 Salt Lake mayor, police chief pledge safety for immigrants despite executive order 60 Will Department of Defense relocate BYU's ROTCs because of honor code? 55 McMullin launches nonpartisan organization in 'defense of our democracy' 50 Utahns have mixed reactions to Trump's proposed wall, limits on refugees 34 Are Utah and Mormon mommy bloggers creating a false perception of reality? 32 Jay Evensen: Has Utah outgrown a part-time Legislature? Saturday, January, 28, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Company About Us People FAQ Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing WellCare Health Plans Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (WCG) Position Boosted by Two Sigma Advisers LP Posted by William Strong on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Two Sigma Advisers LP raised its stake in shares of WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG) by 286.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 107,354 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 79,600 shares during the period. Two Sigma Advisers LP owned approximately 0.24% of WellCare Health Plans worth $12,570,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in shares of WellCare Health Plans by 15.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,698,604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $396,786,000 after buying an additional 489,944 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of WellCare Health Plans by 30.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,988,127 shares of the company’s stock valued at $232,789,000 after buying an additional 462,749 shares during the period. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of WellCare Health Plans by 68.9% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 663,690 shares of the company’s stock valued at $71,200,000 after buying an additional 270,638 shares during the period. Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in WellCare Health Plans by 18.0% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 1,689,536 shares of the company’s stock valued at $197,830,000 after buying an additional 257,930 shares in the last quarter. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP purchased a new stake in WellCare Health Plans during the third quarter valued at about $27,265,000. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG) traded up 0.88% on Wednesday, hitting $145.84. The stock had a trading volume of 336,772 shares. WellCare Health Plans, Inc. has a 12-month low of $69.16 and a 12-month high of $147.75. The company’s 50 day moving average is $140.12 and its 200 day moving average is $122.50. The firm has a market cap of $6.46 billion, a PE ratio of 30.88 and a beta of 1.05. WellCare Health Plans (NYSE:WCG) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $1.63 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.11 by $0.52. The company had revenue of $3.58 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $3.51 billion. WellCare Health Plans had a return on equity of 13.48% and a net margin of 1.47%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 4.2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $1.00 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts expect that WellCare Health Plans, Inc. will post $5.44 EPS for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was originally reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/wellcare-health-plans-inc-wcg-position-boosted-by-two-sigma-advisers-lp.html. Several research firms recently issued reports on WCG. Leerink Swann reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of WellCare Health Plans in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Piper Jaffray Companies began coverage on WellCare Health Plans in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $155.00 price objective on the stock. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) downgraded WellCare Health Plans from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Barclays PLC reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $146.00 price objective on shares of WellCare Health Plans in a report on Monday, January 9th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus downgraded WellCare Health Plans from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $147.00 price objective on the stock. in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have given a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. WellCare Health Plans presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $119.42. In other WellCare Health Plans news, Director Paul E. Weaver sold 3,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $128.83, for a total transaction of $386,490.00. Following the transaction, the director now owns 15,892 shares in the company, valued at $2,047,366.36. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Insiders own 0.50% of the company’s stock. About WellCare Health Plans WellCare Health Plans, Inc is a managed care company focused on government-sponsored managed care services, primarily through Medicaid, Medicare Advantage (MA) and Medicare Prescription Drug Plans (PDPs) to families, children, seniors and individuals with complex medical needs. The Company’s segments include Medicaid Health Plans, Medicare Health Plans and Medicare PDPs. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WCG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WellCare Health Plans, Inc. (NYSE:WCG). Receive News & Ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WellCare Health Plans Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Dolby Laboratories (DLB) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.29 EPS Next » Two Sigma Advisers LP Has $13,338,000 Position in AmTrust Financial Services, Inc. (AFSI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Why the JPM-Intuit partnership is a big step for data sharing The data access debate is about to get a lot more interesting BankThink One-off data-sharing deals aren't enough Slideshow 'Some bankers. SOME': Comments of the week Why banks should consider taking a page from Facebook on security keys search goes here Why the JPM-Intuit partnership is a big step for data sharing By Robert Barba Published January 25 2017, 6:07pm EST More in Bank technology Data and information management Data ownership Data security Data sharing APIs Tax prep software PFM National banks Print Email Reprints Share Share on Jamie Dimon is arguably the most influential bank CEO in the U.S., so his endorsement of data sharing via API is major move within the industry. In his annual letter to shareholders last year, Dimon described his vision for a future where customers would be able to share their data with third parties in a more secured and managed fashion. The partnership the company announced on Wednesday with Intuit to share data over application programming interfaces makes good on that promise, essentially. Is this deal enough to settle the debate over screen scraping, who owns the data and if this conversation is really about security? Probably not, but it certainly helps. “This is the beginning of a long journey,” said Zach Perret, CEO of the financial technology infrastructure provider Plaid. “We see this as Chase saying that this should be an open and inclusive financial ecosystem, and consumers should be able to give access to their data to others and gain value from the broader system.” Perret said his firm has had conversations with JPMorgan, but was not involved in the deal with Intuit. Still, such moves by banks raise the profile for firms such as Plaid or MX — a financial data analytics company that partners with banks and fintechs — that are pushing for the industry to connect via APIs. “I think this is a good step in a series of them to building a strong more inclusive financial ecosystem,” Perret said. “We are excited to see the trend continue.” In a press release, Dimon said the “most important part of this is giving control to the customer.” So, what’s in it for JPMorgan? In some ways, the move speaks to a larger conversation happening within fintech circles about the value proposition to customers and the move away from products. Those types say the future of banking is in the data. “This helps free up this financial data so that people can enrich their lives and could lead to a stronger connection to Chase,” said Ryan Caldwell, the chief executive of MX. “They are playing the long game here and taking care of their customers.” JPMorgan said it would like to partner with other providers of financial management tools, too. “It is undeniable that our customers love to use these apps. Traffic is going up and up each year,” said Trish Wexler, a spokeswoman for JPMorgan. “If you think about how we’ve described the bank’s relationship to fintech, we’ve taken a ‘build, buy or partner’ model and this is a perfect example of partnering.” In some regards, the move is a safe one for JPMorgan. At 34 years old, Intuit is not exactly a fintech startup. But, as a well-entrenched company, Intuit has a lot of customers that are likely also JPMorgan Chase customers. Mint has 6 million active users — defined as those who’ve logged in once in the last year. QuickBooks Online has 1.6 million users — or 5 million if desktop users are included in the count. TurboTax has 34 million. “They have more joint customers with Intuit than they likely would with a startup,” said Kristin Moyer, a research analyst at Gartner. “They are dealing with the big ones first and will take it from there.” Given that there are thousands of different parties, Moyer said, the industry in the U.S. will eventually need to adopt standards that allow smaller providers to connect to banks. “Using an open standard approach reduces the development and support burden associated with proprietary API approaches,” Moyer said. “Many data formats and flows will remain bank-specific/non-standard, but API standards offer a framework for providing common infrastructure capabilities quickly and less expensively.” There is also the issue of bandwidth on JPMorgan’s servers. The company famously throttled account access to Intuit for several days in October 2015 because of a large volume of requests. In general, APIs should reduce some of the strain. “The API identifies what it needs to pull from Chase and does just that; it is a much more efficient system of bringing in the data,” said Stephen Sharpe, an Intuit spokesman. “It is accurate and secure, and given the pace at which data is being produced, it make sense to do this.” Wexler said the reduced load on the servers is one of the partnership's major benefits. Screen scraping carried out in massive batches “can and has crashed our website before,” she said. “Creating a secured pipe that is push rather than pull is something that is going to benefit us.” Moyer said there are still some risks involved in adopting this way of exchanging information. “They are moving to a new form of sharing data and there are great benefits to it, but there are always new risks, too,” Moyer said. “You’re handling security in different ways. You need different types of talent to support and build them.” In their announcement, the companies said the agreement aligns closely with the Center for Financial Services Innovation’s “Consumer Data Sharing Principles.” One of the principles is reliability. Financial data should be timely, consistent, accurate and complete, according to the principles. The "complete" part of that list is one of the things companies worry about when weighing APIs against screen scraping. APIs might be more secure, but they can also be more restrictive. A third party that may have previously been able to see everything, could be limited to account balances and transactions, not interest paid on loans and annual percentage rates. It’s debatable if some third parties need all of that information, but the key is putting that decision in the hands of the consumer rather than allowing banks to limit data access in the name of security. MX’s Caldwell said his team was encouraged by the bank's citation of the CFSI principles. “It is the thing that struck me as the most important,” Caldwell said. “When we talk about reliability, it means having it all available in a quick manner.” Wexler and Sharpe said customers of JPMorgan and Intuit will see the same information as before. Robert Barba More from this Author BBVA hosts Amazon lockers in Austin branches Redefine a bank's worth for the digital age Banking 'disappears,' and other fintech predictions for '17 Comments Login or Subscribe Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Subscribe Register Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 7 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. Post to Facebook Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jqUNT1 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing Ken Sweet, The Associated Press 5:43 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 Apps for Mint Bills and Chase bank are displayed on a mobile phone screen, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, in New York. Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase agreed Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disputes with more financial data companies. (Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP) 7 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE NEW YORK — Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase reached an accord Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disagreements with financial data companies. The deal had no financial component. Chase and Intuit have agreed to develop software that will let Chase customers directly send their data to Mint for budgeting and financial tracking purposes, without Intuit having to hold onto that person's name and password through third-party software, which is how it had often been structured. Intuit also agreed to never to sell Chase customer data. Mint and other popular personal finance websites pull customers' financial data from all their various banks, brokerages and credit card companies to create a fuller picture of a person's financial life. That allows customers to more actively budget, or even create short-term and long-term financial goals. While convenient, the way these services worked had several flaws. The companies would store, either directly or through a third party, the bank customers' login information — which could expose crucial personal information to identity thieves or other criminals. The data also would be gathered by actively logging into a bank's online service, which put a strain on the bank's servers. The data the companies would gather would happen whether or not the customer was actively using the service, so a Mint account someone hadn't touched in months could still be actively gathering data on that Chase customer. JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon had been a particularly vocal critic of these services. In his annual shareholder letter, Dimon said he was "extremely concerned" about how much data they were gathering. "When we all readily click 'I agree' online or on our mobile devices ... it is fairly clear that most of us have no idea what we are agreeing to or how that information might be used by a third party," Dimon said. USA TODAY JPMorgan pays $55M to settle mortgage discrimination lawsuit The Chase-Intuit agreement could set a standard for other banks to reach accords with Mint and other personal finance sites. Companies like Citigroup, Bank of America and Wells Fargo had expressed similar reservations about these services and concern that their customers' data might be at risk. An Intuit spokesman also said this announcement could act as a framework for other deals. A Chase spokeswoman said it plans to roll out the upgrade in the coming months. The upgrade will go first to existing Chase customers who are signing up for Mint for the first time, followed by existing Mint customers. Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. 7 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jqUNT1 NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Toro Company (The) - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Toro Company (The) with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT) Receives $277.64 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Dechra Pharmaceuticals plc (DPH) Receives GBX 1,370.33 Consensus PT from Brokerages Genus plc (GNS) Receives GBX 1,426 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages American Airlines Group, Inc. (AAL) Short Interest Down 4.9% in January FBR & Co Comments on UMB Financial Corporation’s Q1 2017 Earnings (UMBF) SI Financial Group, Inc. (SIFI) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 Brokerages Set International Paper Company (IP) PT at $51.74 Mitek Systems, Inc. (MITK) Receives $9.63 Consensus PT from Brokerages Analysts Set Edison International (EIX) Target Price at $77.68 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Consolidated Edison Inc Issued By KeyCorp (ED) Chevron Corporation (CVX) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Toro Company (The) (TTC) Stake Raised by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. raised its position in Toro Company (The) (NYSE:TTC) by 396.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 250,000 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 199,647 shares during the period. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. owned approximately 0.23% of Toro Company (The) worth $11,710,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its position in shares of Toro Company (The) by 107.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 4,046,922 shares of the company’s stock worth $189,558,000 after buying an additional 2,095,509 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Toro Company (The) by 127.6% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,663,111 shares of the company’s stock worth $171,581,000 after buying an additional 2,053,403 shares in the last quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its position in shares of Toro Company (The) by 96.7% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,887,119 shares of the company’s stock worth $182,073,000 after buying an additional 1,910,771 shares in the last quarter. Mairs & Power INC raised its position in shares of Toro Company (The) by 93.2% in the third quarter. Mairs & Power INC now owns 3,837,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $179,756,000 after buying an additional 1,851,466 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in shares of Toro Company (The) by 97.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 3,225,784 shares of the company’s stock worth $151,096,000 after buying an additional 1,594,594 shares in the last quarter. 76.57% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Toro Company (NYSE:TTC) traded up 1.39% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $59.78. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 583,316 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $6.46 billion, a PE ratio of 29.02 and a beta of 0.48. Toro Company has a 1-year low of $34.79 and a 1-year high of $59.86. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $56.45 and a 200-day moving average price of $49.98. Toro Company (The) (NYSE:TTC) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, December 8th. The company reported $0.27 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.21 by $0.06. The business had revenue of $468.40 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $477.64 million. Toro Company (The) had a return on equity of 42.97% and a net margin of 9.66%. The business’s revenue was down 2.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter last year, the business posted $0.42 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Toro Company will post $2.27 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, January 12th. Investors of record on Tuesday, December 27th were issued a $0.175 dividend. This is an increase from Toro Company (The)’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.15. The ex-dividend date was Thursday, December 22nd. This represents a $0.70 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.17%. Toro Company (The)’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 33.90%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Toro Company (The) (TTC) Stake Raised by Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C.” was reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/toro-company-the-ttc-stake-raised-by-adage-capital-partners-gp-l-l-c.html. TTC has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Dougherty & Co initiated coverage on Toro Company (The) in a report on Friday, November 4th. They set a “buy” rating on the stock. Zacks Investment Research raised Toro Company (The) from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 15th. Longbow Research lowered Toro Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $44.00 target price on the stock. in a report on Monday, December 12th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities raised Toro Company (The) from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their target price for the company from $56.00 to $63.00 in a report on Friday, January 13th. One analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $54.50. In related news, VP David H. Alkire sold 17,899 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $55.76, for a total value of $998,048.24. Following the sale, the vice president now owns 958 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $53,418.08. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, VP Blake M. Grams sold 10,972 shares of Toro Company (The) stock in a transaction on Wednesday, December 14th. The shares were sold at an average price of $55.35, for a total value of $607,300.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 99,034 shares of company stock worth $5,589,543. Company insiders own 5.94% of the company’s stock. Toro Company (The) Company Profile The Toro Company designs, manufactures and markets professional turf maintenance equipment and services, turf irrigation systems, landscaping equipment and lighting, agricultural micro-irrigation systems, rental and specialty construction equipment, and residential yard and snow thrower products. The Company operates through three segments: Professional, Residential and Distribution. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TTC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Toro Company (The) (NYSE:TTC). Receive News & Ratings for Toro Company (The) Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Toro Company (The) and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. Has $10,469,000 Stake in Knoll, Inc. (KNL) Next » Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank Has $3,095,000 Stake in SL Green Realty Corporation (SLG) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Southwest Airlines Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts South State Corporation (SSB) to Issue Dividend Increase – $0.33 Per Share Weekly Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Noble Corporation (NE) Hartford Investment Management Co. Sells 1,001 Shares of Las Vegas Sands Corp. (LVS) Commonwealth Bank of Australia Raises Stake in Grupo Televisa S.A. (TV) Agrium Inc. (AGU) Shares Sold by Commonwealth Bank of Australia Commonwealth Bank of Australia Has $499,000 Position in Chicago Bridge & Iron Company N.V. (CBI) Commonwealth Bank of Australia Buys 2,000 Shares of QEP Resources, Inc. (QEP) Steinberg Global Asset Management Sells 34,248 Shares of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (KMB) KCG Holdings Inc. Purchases New Stake in Restoration Hardware Holdings Inc. (RH) KCG Holdings Inc. Increases Stake in Time Warner Inc. (TWX) KCG Holdings Inc. Sells 88,615 Shares of Rite Aid Corporation (RAD) Computer Sciences Corporation (CSC) Stake Boosted by KCG Holdings Inc. Citadel Advisors LLC Buys Shares of 31,755 GP Strategies Corporation (GPX) Citadel Advisors LLC Has $760,000 Stake in Columbia Property Trust, Inc. (CXP) Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,248,000 Stake in Mettler-Toledo International, Inc. (MTD) Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Acquires 1,000 Shares of LKQ Corporation (LKQ) Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Continues to Hold Position in Internationa Flavors & Fragrances, Inc. (IFF) Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Raises Position in Acuity Brands Inc (AYI) Weekly Investment Analysts’ Ratings Updates for Whiting Petroleum Corporation (WLL) Nomura Asset Management Co. Ltd. Has $1,350,000 Position in Pentair PLC. (PNR) ProShare Advisors LLC Decreases Stake in Southwest Airlines Company (LUV) Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet ProShare Advisors LLC decreased its stake in Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) by 22.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 53,975 shares of the airline’s stock after selling 15,970 shares during the period. ProShare Advisors LLC’s holdings in Southwest Airlines Company were worth $2,099,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 73.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 9,420,861 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $366,379,000 after buying an additional 3,975,382 shares in the last quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 53.3% in the second quarter. AQR Capital Management LLC now owns 5,238,342 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $205,395,000 after buying an additional 1,821,829 shares in the last quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 472.4% in the second quarter. Capital Fund Management S.A. now owns 1,718,192 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $67,370,000 after buying an additional 1,418,012 shares in the last quarter. Marshall Wace LLP raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 618.3% in the second quarter. Marshall Wace LLP now owns 1,386,247 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $54,355,000 after buying an additional 1,193,261 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Southwest Airlines Company by 20.1% in the second quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 5,796,281 shares of the airline’s stock valued at $227,272,000 after buying an additional 969,666 shares in the last quarter. 76.73% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV) traded down 0.38% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $49.46. The stock had a trading volume of 7,728,330 shares. Southwest Airlines Company has a 12-month low of $33.96 and a 12-month high of $52.20. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $50.23 and a 200 day moving average price of $42.46. The company has a market capitalization of $30.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.06 and a beta of 0.91. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Thursday, January 5th. Investors of record on Thursday, December 8th were paid a $0.10 dividend. This represents a $0.40 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 0.81%. The ex-dividend date was Tuesday, December 6th. Southwest Airlines Company’s payout ratio is presently 11.40%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/proshare-advisors-llc-decreases-stake-in-southwest-airlines-company-luv.html. Several analysts have recently commented on the company. Citigroup Inc. assumed coverage on Southwest Airlines Company in a research report on Friday, November 18th. They issued a “buy” rating and a $57.00 target price for the company. Vetr cut Southwest Airlines Company from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $41.49 target price for the company. in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. Sanford C. Bernstein assumed coverage on Southwest Airlines Company in a research report on Monday, October 10th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $51.00 target price for the company. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Imperial Capital raised their target price on Southwest Airlines Company from $46.00 to $57.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Southwest Airlines Company from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, fourteen have assigned a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $55.04. In other news, Director John T. Montford sold 510 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, December 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of $50.93, for a total transaction of $25,974.30. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 23,715 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,207,804.95. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, EVP Jeff Lamb sold 14,534 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.10, for a total transaction of $699,085.40. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 117,188 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $5,636,742.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. 0.18% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Southwest Airlines Company Company Profile Southwest Airlines Co (Southwest) operates Southwest Airlines. Southwest is a passenger airline that provides scheduled air transportation in the United States and near-international markets. The Company serves approximately 100 destinations in over 40 states, such as the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and approximately seven near-international countries, including Mexico, Jamaica, The Bahamas, Aruba, Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, and Belize. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LUV? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Southwest Airlines Company (NYSE:LUV). Receive News & Ratings for Southwest Airlines Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Southwest Airlines Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Emerson Electric Company (EMR) Shares Bought by ProShare Advisors LLC Next » Ultragenyx Pharmaceutical Inc. (RARE) Shares Sold by ProShare Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT The Striking Price Is It Time to Bet Against Retail Stocks As the Dow crosses 20,000, it could be a good time to sell off a sector under siege from online competitors. By Steven M. Sears Biography Jan. 25, 2017 2:07 p.m. ET The Dow Jones Industrial Average just crossed 20,000 for the first time, but a key area – retail – may be in trouble. If so, it could be a great time to sell off the sector. Investors, as we have previously noted, typically rely on retail stocks to confirm any broad rallies. The thinking is elementary: The U.S. economy is driven by... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Is Microsoft Leaping Ahead of Amazon? Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Warren Buffett’s $2.95 Breakfast Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. How Tesla Could Profit Off Its CEO’s Ties to Donald Trump Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. China’s Fake Bonds Flash Enron Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Red Flags for Stocks, Oil Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 2 Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 3 Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Globant S.A. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Globant S.A. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Westpac Banking Corp Has $110,000 Position in Globant S.A. (GLOB) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Westpac Banking Corp continued to hold its stake in shares of Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 2,619 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Westpac Banking Corp’s holdings in Globant were worth $110,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Globant by 6.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,642,479 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,182,000 after buying an additional 100,168 shares during the period. BlackRock Group LTD raised its position in Globant by 42.4% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 363,393 shares of the company’s stock worth $15,306,000 after buying an additional 108,222 shares during the last quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Globant by 43.5% in the third quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 212,670 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,957,000 after buying an additional 64,420 shares during the last quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. raised its position in Globant by 60.6% in the second quarter. Schwab Charles Investment Management Inc. now owns 39,751 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,565,000 after buying an additional 15,000 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Redwood Investments LLC bought a new position in Globant during the third quarter worth $6,684,000. 62.83% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB) traded up 2.83% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $35.30. The company had a trading volume of 203,104 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $33.20 and a 200 day moving average of $39.29. Globant S.A. has a 1-year low of $22.50 and a 1-year high of $47.19. The company has a market capitalization of $1.22 billion, a PE ratio of 36.02 and a beta of 0.84. Globant (NYSE:GLOB) last released its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 14th. The company reported $0.30 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.31 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $82.40 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $81.95 million. Globant had a return on equity of 19.58% and a net margin of 11.32%. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.26 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Globant S.A. will post $1.14 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this piece of content on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/westpac-banking-corp-has-110000-position-in-globant-s-a-glob.html. A number of research analysts have weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Globant from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Pacific Crest upgraded Globant from a “sector weight” rating to an “overweight” rating and set a $38.00 price target for the company in a research report on Thursday, January 12th. TheStreet downgraded Globant from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC dropped their price target on Globant from $40.00 to $39.00 and set a “hold” rating for the company in a research report on Wednesday, November 16th. Two research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $39.71. About Globant Globant SA is a digitally native technology services company. The Company’s principal operating subsidiary is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. During the year ended December 31, 2015, 83.7% of its revenues were generated by clients in North America, 11.0% in Latin America and Asia, and 5.3% in Europe. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GLOB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Globant S.A. (NYSE:GLOB). Receive News & Ratings for Globant S.A. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Globant S.A. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Westpac Banking Corp Invests $214,000 in LogMein, Inc. (LOGM) Next » Northern Trust Corp Boosts Position in Carlisle Companies Incorporated (CSL) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 201,197 Shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet JPMorgan Chase & Co. lowered its stake in shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:JBHT) by 90.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 20,144 shares of the company’s stock after selling 201,197 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s holdings in J.B. Hunt Transport Services were worth $1,634,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in JBHT. Sei Investments Co. raised its position in J.B. Hunt Transport Services by 3.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 104,604 shares of the company’s stock valued at $8,487,000 after buying an additional 3,409 shares during the last quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in J.B. Hunt Transport Services by 1.8% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 219,404 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,802,000 after buying an additional 3,816 shares during the last quarter. Delta Lloyd NV raised its position in J.B. Hunt Transport Services by 29.6% in the third quarter. Delta Lloyd NV now owns 11,738 shares of the company’s stock valued at $952,000 after buying an additional 2,678 shares during the last quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. raised its position in J.B. Hunt Transport Services by 4.7% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 8,937 shares of the company’s stock valued at $726,000 after buying an additional 398 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Toronto Dominion Bank raised its position in J.B. Hunt Transport Services by 421.4% in the third quarter. Toronto Dominion Bank now owns 2,586 shares of the company’s stock valued at $210,000 after buying an additional 2,090 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 71.89% of the company’s stock. J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:JBHT) traded up 1.78% on Wednesday, hitting $98.20. 427,726 shares of the company were exchanged. The company has a market capitalization of $10.93 billion, a P/E ratio of 25.77 and a beta of 0.87. J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. has a 52 week low of $69.19 and a 52 week high of $102.38. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $97.69 and its 200 day moving average is $86.69. J.B. Hunt Transport Services (NASDAQ:JBHT) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $1.05 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.01 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $1.72 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.73 billion. J.B. Hunt Transport Services had a net margin of 6.60% and a return on equity of 30.96%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 6.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.01 earnings per share. On average, equities research analysts forecast that J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. will post $4.16 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “JPMorgan Chase & Co. Sells 201,197 Shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (JBHT)” was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this story on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/jpmorgan-chase-co-sells-201197-shares-of-j-b-hunt-transport-services-inc-jbht.html. Several research firms have recently issued reports on JBHT. Credit Suisse Group lifted their target price on shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services from $92.00 to $102.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, January 20th. Barclays PLC lowered shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $90.00 to $97.00 in a report on Monday, January 9th. Cowen and Company lifted their target price on shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services from $88.00 to $108.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, December 9th. KeyCorp raised their price target on shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services from $89.00 to $99.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 29th. Finally, Loop Capital initiated coverage on shares of J.B. Hunt Transport Services in a research report on Tuesday, November 22nd. They set a “buy” rating and a $100.00 price target for the company. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, eleven have issued a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $94.06. In other news, insider John N. Roberts sold 15,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $101.57, for a total value of $1,523,550.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 240,010 shares in the company, valued at $24,377,815.70. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Chairman James K. Thompson sold 10,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Friday, December 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $96.62, for a total transaction of $966,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chairman now owns 50,346 shares in the company, valued at approximately $4,864,430.52. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 32,000 shares of company stock worth $3,191,990 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 4.50% of the company’s stock. About J.B. Hunt Transport Services J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc is a holding company. The Company is a surface transportation, delivery, and logistics company in North America. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides transportation and delivery services to various customers and consumers throughout the continental United States, Canada and Mexico. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding JBHT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for J.B. Hunt Transport Services, Inc. (NASDAQ:JBHT). Receive News & Ratings for J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for J.B. Hunt Transport Services Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe BlackRock’s $1 Trillion JPMorgan Move Shows Cost Strategy by Sabrina Willmer @swillmer More stories by Sabrina Willmer , Charles Stein More stories by Charles Stein , and Hugh Son @Hugh_Son More stories by Hugh Son January 25, 2017, 8:49 AM EST January 25, 2017, 3:25 PM EST JPMorgan will become a custodian for some BlackRock assets State Street loses business; shares decline about 4% BlackRock Inc. yanked custody services from State Street Corp. on more than $1 trillion in client assets as the asset manager seeks to cut costs by putting pressure on vendors. The move of assets to JPMorgan Chase & Co. is part of BlackRock’s strategy to exact lower fees, according to a person familiar with the matter. The bank said the deal was one of the largest shifts of custody assets ever. BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, found a partner in JPMorgan, which has been growing its custody business and now services about $20.5 trillion in assets. The bank has invested in automation technology that helps it offer services more cheaply, said another person with knowledge of the situation. The bank is expected to make tens of millions of dollars in annual fees from the deal. “Many of BlackRock’s clients will experience cost savings through decreased operating expenses at the fund level,” Derek Stein, senior managing director and head of business operations and technology at BlackRock, said in an e-mailed statement Wednesday. BlackRock has made no secret that it planned to put more pressure on vendors. President Rob Kapito said in a conference call last year that it would seek concessions as it tries to keep a lid on expenses. Profit Margins JPMorgan’s corporate and investment bank chief Daniel Pinto has said he was focusing on the custody business because of its profit margins and steady fees. One priority is improving efficiency through automation technology, he said in a February presentation. That has helped the business generate margins of greater than 25 percent. Pinto said in a Wednesday statement that the deal is a “validation of the investments we’ve made and the resources we’ve added to the custody and fund services business.” The firm said it increased business with existing custody clients by 10 percent over the last 12 months. State Street investors saw the move as a blow. The company’s shares fell 4.3 percent as of 2:50 p.m. in New York, the most since June. This “may be the first inning of a trend of JPMorgan uniquely being able to grab business from the trust banks,” wrote Glenn Schorr, a senior banking analyst at Evercore ISI, in a client e-mail. The average fee rate for custody assets is 1.81 basis points, meaning that the loss to JPMorgan could sap about 3 percent of State Street’s earnings, he wrote. ‘A One-Off’ Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Technology Insights into what you'll be paying for, downloading and plugging in tomorrow and 10 years from now. You will now receive the Technology newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter State Street Chief Executive Officer Jay Hooley said Wednesday that BlackRock approached the Boston-based custody bank as it sought to diversify its custodians. Hooley said that as BlackRock grew into a $5.15 trillion money manager it decided it needed another partner. The shift isn’t indicative of a trend in the industry because most companies are looking to use fewer providers, Hooley said on the company’s earnings conference call. “We appreciated where they were coming from," Hooley said. “It’s a one-off adjustment for BlackRock to get better diversified.” State Street had assets under custody and administration of $28.8 trillion as of the fourth quarter. It said in a presentation Wednesday that it would remain a service provider to BlackRock even after the move. Bank of New York Mellon Corp., the largest custody bank, reported $29.9 trillion in assets under custody and administration. Fee Pressure Price competition is fierce among the top players in the industry. Improvements in technology are driving servicing costs lower and customers are demanding those savings be returned to them, Richard Bove, an analyst with Rafferty Capital Markets, said in an interview Wednesday. “It is a significant loss at a time when State Street’s fees are already under pressure,” said Bove. JPMorgan expects to take over administration of the assets during the next two years. Custody banks keep records, track performance and lend securities for institutional investors. They also manage money for individuals and institutions. “Shifts of this size are pretty rare,” Jonathan Watkins, editor of Global Custodian, a London-based publication that covers the industry, said in a telephone interview. “Big managers tend to keep these custody relationships in place for decades.”   Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad BlackRock jilts State St, moves $1 trillion in custody assets to JPMorgan By Reuters Published: 12:11 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 12:11 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Tim McLaughlin and David Henry BOSTON, Jan 25 (Reuters) - State Street Corp on Wednesday reported a 3.4 percent drop in fourth-quarter revenue and said it lost more than $1 trillion in custody assets to JPMorgan Chase & Co Inc, sending State Street stock tumbling as much as 7.5 percent. State Street is the world's No. 2 custody bank with $28.8 trillion in assets under custody and administration, behind Bank of New York Mellon Corp. But the figure could shrink by more than 3 percent after JPMorgan said on Wednesday it was chosen by BlackRock Inc to be custodian for more than $1 trillion in assets being serviced by Boston-based State Street. "We're disappointed," State Street Chief Executive Officer Jay Hooley told Reuters. "But our relationship with BlackRock is still very global and growth oriented" as it continues to service BlackRock iShares exchange-traded fund assets. Hooley said asset managers are consolidating the number of custody providers in a move to lower costs. He said BlackRock is an exception, given that it manages more than $5 trillion in assets, the largest amount held by any financial institution in the world. He said BlackRock wanted to diversify its custody base. "I view it as a kind of one-time recalibration of their service providers," Hooley said. State Street has been BlackRock's custodian since 1988. Over the years, the two companies have grown together on a global scale and been "joined at the hip," as Hooley said on a conference call with analysts and investors. State Street also reported fourth-quarter revenue totaled $2.53 billion, down 3.4 percent from a year earlier. Earnings rose 2 percent to $557 million from $547 million a year ago. Assets under custody and administration declined 1.4 percent in the quarter from $29.18 billion in the third quarter. It will take about 18 months for the BlackRock assets to be moved to JPMorgan's platform. For JPMorgan, the deal is more of a feather in its cap than a windfall to its bottom line. JPMorgan's assets under custody, which it pegged at $20.5 trillion at the end of December, were boosted by about 5 percent. The new business is expected to add tens of millions of dollars in annual revenue, and be included in the company's securities services unit, which last year had about $3.6 billion in revenue. JPMorgan's total reported revenue for the entire company was $95.7 billion in 2016 and net income was $24.7 billion. Still, the deal is the kind of prize sought by Daniel Pinto, JPMorgan's chief executive officer for corporate and investment banking. Pinto, speaking to investors in February, named custody and fund services as one of his most important business lines and a focus of management attention "with technology being at the core of it." Executives at State Street, meanwhile, said on a conference call the loss of BlackRock assets is not part of a broader trend. The bank said it won $1.4 trillion in new asset servicing commitments in 2016. The developments unsettled investors. State Street shares tumbled to $74.45 at the opening bell, before recovering some of the lost ground, rising to $77.56, off 3.7 percent. (Reporting by Tim McLaughlin in Boston and David Henry in New York; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Jeffrey Benkoe) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Saturday January 28, 2017 News National Larger / SmallerNight Mode International men of mystery 13 Dec 2012, 2:09 p.m. It was an audacious crime, and its perpetrators may have got away with it – bar for one tiny slip-up. Kate McClymont on the “Ocean’s Eleven” fraud. International men of mystery Ernst Hufnagl. Barry Osbourne. Dallas Fitzgerald. Jamie Vincent. Tony Vincent. High-seas rollers … Jian Ping Wang (third from right) with Alexandr Roizman (second from right) aboard the floating gambling den, Captain Omar III. Bad company: (left to right) Jamie Vincent, Arkadi Drisner and Dallas Fitzgerald. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit They were the Aussie Ocean's Eleven - no guns, no masks, no getaway cars. with the last of the crew behind bars, Kate McClymont details how a group of robbers staged one of history's biggest bank heists - without setting foot in a bank. It's lunch time on Christmas Eve 2003, and last-minute shoppers, jostling and rushing past to get everything done on time, pay scant attention to the two men entering a side door of Telstra's phone exchange in Dalley Street, in the heart of Sydney's CBD. Using his Telstra card to swipe himself through the security door, Barry Osborne, 42, a Telstra linesman, along with Ernst Hufnagl, 52, an underworld figure, confront a spaghetti-like network of phone cables covering a large swathe of the city. Osborne knows exactly what he's looking for. It only takes a matter of minutes for the wiring whiz to hack into cables connecting him to a special phone line at State Street Global Advisers (SSGA), an international financial outfit, housed in a skyscraper across town, that manages billions of dollars. Osborne needs this authorised line to send a fax containing investment instructions to JPMorgan Chase, another banking monolith located only a stone's throw from the Telstra exchange. Once Osborne has hot-wired the line, and he has the two financial giants "talking" to one another, Hufnagl sends a five-page fax through to JPMorgan, purportedly from SSGA, requesting a $150 million transfer from account number 28966, belonging to the superannuation funds of federal public servants. The first page of the fax goes through without a hitch. But when the remaining pages stall, there are several minutes of white-knuckle panic. After multiple failed attempts, and with precious minutes slipping away, the two are forced to switch to a generic Telstra fax line, figuring it will be the number on the title page that counts. Over in a secure room at JPMorgan, a fax machine spits out the first page, then suddenly stops. Although a senior clerk puts in a call to SSGA about the missing pages, this is the day before Christmas, and no one calls back. And sure enough, soon the remaining pages roll out of the machine, full of dollar signs in stark black and white. A $150 million transfer, into four nominated overseas bank accounts. Two of the accounts are with the HSBC bank in Hong Kong: one, for a company registered in the British Virgin Islands used for depositing money into gambling cruises, is to receive $30 million; the other, for a company involved with gambling in Macau, is to get $20.6 million. The third account, in the name of a Richard Kurland at Switzerland's Banque Cantonale Vaudoise, is to receive $26.7 million. The fourth account, in the name of Stylianou Georgios Ltd at Greece's Laiki Bank, is to be injected with $71.9 million. While transfers of this size are hardly unusual in today's globalised banking world, had anyone at JPMorgan bothered to look closely at the names on these four accounts - including those two companies associated with gambling - alarm bells would have rung out loud. Meanwhile, the two swindlers still have their biggest security hurdle to cross - the "confirmation call back". Using the SSGA line that Osborne has hacked into, and posing as Craig Slater, an authorised signatory to the Commonwealth Super account, Hufnagl calls Greg Bourchier, an assistant treasurer at JPMorgan. In his best attempt at impersonating a banker, Hufnagl asks Bourchier, a pudgy, rather nervous man, to complete the "call back" to the designated line at SSGA, confirming that all details in the faxed instruction are correct. Everything appears to be proceeding to plan. The two men are jubilant as they pack up their tool kit and gear. And there is a spring in Hufnagl's step as he walks the short distance to a seedy strip joint on Market Street called Lady Jane's, to report back to his boss, underworld legend "Teflon" Tony Vincent, who has masterminded the operation. In sheer daring, the Vincent plan is in a class with some of the best heist movies ever made - an Australian "Ocean's Eleven", if you like. But for now, all Hufnagl can think about is what he'll do with his cut. Later that afternoon, senior bank staff from JPMorgan return from their festive Christmas lunch, eager to get away on their four-day holiday. Despite noticing that the people from SSGA have mistakenly dated the fax November rather than December, they authorise the release of a colossal $150 million. Within minutes, four overseas bank accounts with next to no money in them - two in Hong Kong, one in Switzerland and one in Greece - are bursting with balances each in the tens of millions. The tiniest of slip-ups It's now late on Christmas Eve 2003, and a posse of topless strippers in stilettos listlessly perform their raunchy routines for a sad throng of lonely, glassy-eyed men. In a private room at the back of the club, crime boss Tony Vincent, a bullet-headed brute of a man in his mid-60s, is nervously moving his blue-tinted glasses up and down the ridge of his nose. Word has come through that the whole sting, for which he had assembled a diverse crew of criminals of different nationalities and skills, and which promises to make them all rich beyond their wildest dreams, is at risk of becoming unstuck by the tiniest of slip-ups. A tiny, three-letter slip-up, to be precise. Some time earlier, when the bank manager of the Laiki Bank in Athens was going through his accounts on Christmas Eve - at that time of year, Greece is nine hours behind Australia - he was astonished to see $71.9 million suddenly deposited into the bank account of Georgios Stylianou, a man of very modest means. And so he called Stylianou personally. "Were you expecting such a sum of money?" he enquired. Stylianou declared he most certainly was. Apologetic, the bank manager explained that the funds could not be cleared because a "Ltd'' appeared beside Stylianou's account name. Stylianou would need to get JPMorgan to remit the funds to the correct account name - minus the offending "Ltd". After hanging up, the bank manager took the added precaution of sending a fax through to JPMorgan, double checking that such a vast sum was really meant for Stylianou's account. Meanwhile, a panicked Stylianou was on the phone to Vincent in Sydney, informing him of the "Ltd" glitch. But Vincent, knowing that the bank staff in Sydney have left for their Christmas break, and will not return until the following Monday, has time to plan a crisis strategy. He and the Ocean's Eleven crew will have five days' grace until the bank will be alerted to any kind of mistake, but it also means they'll have to wait until Monday to send another fax purporting to come from JPMorgan. Sending a fax any earlier may be too risky, as the overseas banks will be suspicious as to why they are receiving a fax from a bank in Australia closed for the Christmas break. Vincent immediately summons three of his loyal lieutenants to a crisis meeting at the strip club, including a man nicknamed "Mr Pink". (In the film Reservoir Dogs, Mr Pink is one of the criminals planning a diamond heist.) Mr Pink is Dallas Fitzgerald, the 22-year-old son of one of the country's scariest men, bikie boss Felix Lyle. Also at hand is Garry Peterson, nicknamed ''Fat Bastard'' by his criminal mates, and Matthew Terreiro, who helped set up the fraudulent Greek bank account. Meanwhile, a bank account in Switzerland that has lain dormant for 10 years with the paltry sum of $90, is suddenly brimming with $26.7 million. The account belongs to Richard Kurland, a 56-year-old South African-born solicitor and fraud investigator who moved to Australia some 20 years earlier and settled in the Blue Mountains west of Sydney. Some months earlier, Kurland agreed to his Swiss bank account being used by a friend, Leon Kuris, who insisted he was about to receive a great deal of money from an investor. As Kuris was unemployed - and full of crazy get-rich-quick schemes - Kurland assumed it would amount to nothing. So you can imagine his astonishment on Christmas Eve when he receives a call from Kuris asking him whether "the money" has arrived. He gets an even bigger shock when he rings to check his account balance at the Banque Cantonale Vaudoise in Lausanne. A bank staffer confirms that Kurland's account is now bursting with $26.7 million. Kuris hastily explains that the money is from an "investor" named "Dallas O'Hara" (actually Fitzgerald), introduced to him by his old friend Alexandr Roizman. Kuris gives instructions to Kurland that the funds are to be immediately transferred to other accounts across the globe. Because Kurland's account has been dormant for 10 years, and is now awash with money that he immediately wants to transfer, the Swiss bankers want to ask a few questions. To buy time, they tell Kurland that because he wants to transfer such a large sum of money, he'll need to come to Switzerland to do it in person. While Richard Kurland is up for much of the night dealing with the Swiss, and trying to get the money transferred on behalf of his friend, over in Hong Kong other members of the syndicate are busy trying to launder the $30.5 million that has been sent to an account held with HSBC in the name of Hong Kong Power Limited. Kuris's friend Alexandr Roizman, a 48-year-old invalid pensioner rumoured to be ex-KGB, is on his way to Hong Kong to spend the night on a gambling ship. This is money laundering at its most basic. Gamblers deposit money into their account before the ship sets sail. Once on board, these funds are issued as gambling chips. At the end of the cruise the gambler's funds are returned by way of a receipt, which can be easily converted into untraceable cash in Macau the following morning. On the night of December 29, having previously sailed rich American tourists around the Caribbean, the Captain Omar III is about to embark on its maiden voyage as an ocean-going gambling den. By the time the ship sets sail at 8.30 that evening, the penniless Roizman has the astronomical sum of $30.5 million sitting in his gambling account. Gambling with him on this night is a friend from Sydney, 37-year-old Jian Ping Wang, who was a public relations liaison officer at a casino in Macau, before coming to Sydney to work as a cook. Roizman and Wang have to wait 1 1/2 hours - until the ship gets into international waters - before the gambling begins in earnest. Roizman sips some of the fine cognac on offer and wolfs down food from the generous buffet. He pops his head into the mahjong room on deck 5, looks through the duty-free shops and whiles away some time watching a lame Las Vegas-style show in the bordello-red lounge room. Unlike Roizman, Wang, a professional gambler, isn't fazed by the croupier's rapid-fire hand movements as she flicks the cards onto the green felt table. For hour after hour the pair gamble at baccarat. As dawn is breaking over the calm expanse of the South China Sea, the pair have lost a colossal sum - more than $3.4 million. But they don't care. The receipt for the rest of their money is in excess of $27 million. As the Captain Omar III is cashless, all they have to do now is redeem their receipt at the famed Casino Lisboa in Macau. The ship makes its way back to the Ocean Terminal in Hong Kong, at the southern tip of the Kowloon Peninsula. Although it's still early, the wharf, flanked by an enormous modern shopping centre, is already busy. With his dark hair parted in the middle and tied back in a pony-tail, Dallas Fitzgerald stands waiting. He has a million and more reasons to be pumped with adrenalin, but the young man maintains his trademark inscrutability. Armed with a receipt entitling them to collect $27 million, the trio catch a high-speed ferry for Macau, known as the Monte Carlo of the Orient, where the huge Stanley Ho-owned Casino Lisboa is located. They are about to be rewarded with the mother of all Christmases. Any residual Christmas cheer among JPMorgan staff swiftly evaporates when they return to work on Monday, December 29. First, there's the fax from Laiki Bank querying the multimillion-dollar deposit into Stylianou's account. Then the JPMorgan people responsible for the Commonwealth Super fund are aghast when they discover account 28966 is catastrophically overdrawn. There are ashen faces all around as they trace the $150 million back into four overseas accounts, now converted into Hong Kong dollars, Swiss francs and euros. The treasury staff ring Craig Slater, from SSGA, an authorised signatory to the Commonwealth Super account. When Slater says he doesn't know what they're talking about, there is rising panic at JPMorgan and they forward him the fax. To their horror, he swiftly declares it to be a forgery. The two financial institutions then check their phone records. JPMorgan has a recording of the call which Hufnagl, posing as Slater, made to Bourchier. But at their end, SSGA has no such recording. Clearly the voice is not Slater's. And JPMorgan has no record of a ''call back'' from their office to SSGA. Facing the potential embarrassment of being the victim of Australia's most audacious bank fraud, JPMorgan immediately contacts the foreign banks and puts a temporary freeze on the four accounts while the bank obtains the necessary court orders. Not long after, police from the nearest station, The Rocks, arrive. While JPMorgan and SSGA engage in a series of crisis meetings, the Ocean's Eleven syndicate is also busy. Osborne and Hufnagl are back at the Dalley Street exchange armed with a bodgied-up letter on JPMorgan letterhead to correct the ''Ltd'' mistake on Stylianou's account. But it's too late. The account has been frozen by the bank. Meanwhile, Fitzgerald, Roizman and Wang are making their early-morning dash to Macau, the pulsating neon-lit gambling mecca, their destination the once-grand Casino Lisboa. But when Roizman presents the receipt to withdraw the $27.4 million, the trio are informed the account has been frozen. Fitzgerald demands that the cashier try again. The answer is the same. Fitzgerald immediately jumps on a ferry back across Victoria Harbour to Hong Kong's business district, where he attempts to withdraw funds from the other Hong Kong account used in the sting. But to his dismay it, too, has been frozen. A series of tense phone calls ensues between Fitzgerald and Jamie Vincent - Tony's son - back in Sydney. The normally taciturn Fitzgerald is beside himself. He screams down the phone complaining that the money can't be accessed and that he is surrounded by "a bunch of angry f...ing Chinamen". Minutes later, sounding deflated, Jamie rings back to say it is "all kind of f...ed". The Ocean's Eleven sting is dead in the water. Organised crime's dark heart A fortnight passes, and as the mammoth, meticulous scale of the bank heist becomes more and more apparent, the Australian Federal Police is called in. The team leader assigned to the investigation, which becomes known as Operation Riparian, is Brad Kirwan, a fresh-faced 33-year-old, who has only been with the AFP for two years, after 14 years of service in remote outback communities and a stint as a detective on the Gold Coast. His deputy is Scott Miller, a tall 36-year-old, who worked in customer service for Telstra for 13 years and the finance sector until a mid-life crisis of sorts propelled him to join the police. As fate would have it, Miller's background will be a perfect fit for the investigation. But at this point both men are not to know that this case will take over their lives for the next two years, leading them into the dark heart of organised crime in Australia. The task for the pair of relative ''newbies'' is daunting. Their main leads are a fax, which was sent from the Telstra exchange, and an unknown voice purporting to be SSGA's Craig Slater's saying, ''How are you going, mate? ... Not too bad" as he confirmed the instructions regarding the transfer of the $150 million. Identifying that mysterious voice would be like looking for a needle in a haystack. The investigation has two distinct arms: the actual fraud and the laundering of the money once it had been stolen. Kirwan and Miller slog away for more than a month before their first breakthrough: JPMorgan's treasury officer. Greg Bourchier took the call from the fraudsters, and JPMorgan phone records indicate that he didn't make the compulsory ''call back'' to SSGA. When police trawl through his personal phone records, they discover an intriguing connection - and start joining the criminal dots. Bourchier is a family friend of Garry Peterson, the former secretary-manager of Newtown RSL club in Sydney. Peterson is the ''Fat Bastard'' on phone intercepts for another investigation under way, into illegal drug activity - Strike Force Westbank. Peterson is a close associate of both Dallas Fitzgerald and Tony Vincent. For the past 18 months, members of Tony Vincent's criminal network have been the subject of a covert joint investigation by the NSW Crime Commission and the NSW police who suspect the group of being involved in large-scale drug distribution and money laundering. As it turns out, on December 24, 2003, undercover police attached to Strike Force Westbank were at their posts watching and listening to Vincent and his crew, although they had no idea about the bank heist. They interpreted the panicked talk of cash transfers as referring to the importation of drugs. After listening to hundreds of hours of telephone intercepts of Vincent's crew, Kirwan and Miller hit the jackpot. There - on a call to Peterson - they listen to a voice saying, ''How are you going, mate? ... Not too bad." It is Ernst Hufnagl. More intercepted calls confirm that the phrase is Hufnagl's trademark ''phone tic''. They now have the man who rang Bourchier at JPMorgan the previous Christmas Eve pretending to be Craig Slater. Hufnagl's phone records provide their next major breakthrough. As they match up all the numbers Hufnagl has phoned, they stumble across the number of Barry Osborne. ''Hey, that's the Telstra guy!'' Miller calls out excitedly to his colleagues. The Telstra phone exchange just around the corner from JPMorgan was one of the first ports of call for the police. Although he had never worked as a Telstra technician, Miller's time with the organisation makes him familiar with how phone lines worked, and he revisits the Dalley Street exchange line to determine just how a fax could have been sent from there. That's when he makes another discovery: Osborne's use of his Telstra swipe card to come in the side door. The exchange was being renovated at the time, so if the linesman had bothered to use the front door, there would have been no record of him in the building that day. Mysterious figure As the police team of 14 sift through material, they discover that Osborne didn't work at the Dalley Street exchange, and on December 24, 2003 he was on a rostered day off from the Waverley depot, where he normally worked. Using the surveillance and intercept material from Strike Force Westbank, Kirwan and Miller are able to reconstruct the key movements of the gang leading up to the bank heist. And as they trawl back over surveillance records, they discover customs have secretly copied the contents of a bag owned by a mysterious figure suspected of being an international drug trafficker. Arkadi Drisner, an Israeli citizen who is on Interpol's intelligence reports, but has no convictions, first turned up on intercepted calls on Tony Vincent's phone in May 2003. In September of that year, customs officers at Sydney airport searched Drisner's luggage and copied everything they could find. Among the documents in his bags were faxes on JPMorgan letterhead relating to foreign-currency bank accounts. There were also handwritten notes about how to transfer money around the world. The notes also had some dates identifying public holidays in Australia and overseas. When Kirwan checks the handwriting on these faxes, he identifies it as that of the strangely anxious Bourchier - he has found the insider at JPMorgan. Then another big break: they obtain footage from an earlier search, on a drug-related matter, of Dallas Fitzgerald's inner-city apartment. Fitzgerald has JPMorgan documents lying on a table, again with Bourchier's handwriting plastered all over them. In August 2005, after 20 months of a painstaking investigation that has led them through a maze of international money laundering and local mob activity involving drugs and sex parlours, Kirwan and Miller have amassed enough evidence to get the Feds to swoop. By this time, however, many of the Ocean's Eleven crew are already in jail for unrelated offences. If there is any lingering doubt about the sheer cunning and bold planning of the whole Ocean's Eleven sting, it's swiftly dismissed by police following the first wave of arrests. Sitting in a paddy wagon are Osborne and Hufnagl, who although plainly anxious about what lies ahead for them in criminal charges, manage to swap some friendly small talk. Opposite them sits a clearly agitated man, the bank insider Bourchier. The pair have no idea who this frightened man is. What happened to the “Ocean’s Eleven” ■ ''Teflon'' Tony Vincent was already doing a six-year-stretch for drug supply when he was charged with the Ocean's Eleven offences. He was given a three-year sentence, which he served at the same time as his drug matter. ■ Dallas Fitzgerald, who told the jury he was called "Mr Pink" because this was his favourite colour, received a three-year sentence in November last year for his role in the money-laundering aspect of the heist. ■ Alexandr Roizman was sentenced to a five-and-a-half-year minimum sentence in February 2010 for dealing in the proceeds of crime. ■ Gregory James Bourchier, the JPMorgan insider, was given a two-and-a-half-year minimum jail sentence in 2008. ■ Jamie Vincent was jailed for 20 months in 2010. He had only been out of jail for a short time, having already served five years over drug offences. ■ Barry Osborne Ernst Hufnagl received minimum jail terms of three years in 2008. ■ Matthew Terreiro was arrested for his part in organising the Greek bank account. The charges against him were dropped in April 2009. ■ Jian Hua Chen, a well-known gambler at Sydney's Star casino, received a three-and-a-half-year sentence for helping to set up one of the Hong Kong accounts. ■ Jian Ping Wang, who along with Roizman gambled away $3.4 million on the Captain Omar III, received a six-and-a-half-year jail sentence in 2010. ■ Richard Kurland, who had the dormant Swiss bank account, had charges dropped after the court ruled he didn't know the funds were from the proceeds of crime. ■ Leon Kuris also had charges dropped on the basis he did not know the funds were derived from fraudulent activity. ■ Arkadi Drisner flew out of Sydney on Christmas Day 2003, the day after the fraud. He hasn't been seen since. Like Good Weekend on Facebook to get regular updates on upcoming stories and events – www.facebook.com/GoodWeekendMagazine The story International men of mystery first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Anthony Roberts, Brad Hazzard take key roles in Gladys Berejiklian reshuffle Woman, 53, charged with driving wrong way on freeway in Laverton Three dead after failed 15-person river crossing in Northern Territory Napoleons-Sebastopol claims reverse outright win Man's body found at Chelsea beach Editor's Picks Wauchope celebrates Australia Day | photos, video Australia Day in Wauchope | photos Dr Tony Simpson is awarded the OAM End of year will be a scorcher Uncle Bill O’Brien honoured | video Popular Leo Sayer: The vines, the wines and all that jazz . . . one last time Bruce Beresford: Some film stars don’t live in the real world Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive 2017 Golden Guitar Awards: The red carpet NSW: The fashion, the hair, the red carpet action from the Golden Guitar Awards in Tamworth. #TCMF2017: The Cavalcade | Photos, Video All the photos from the annual country music cavalcade. Rafa sets up Federer showdown Rafa Nadal has fended off Grigor Dimitrov in a marathon semi-final on Friday to set up a dream ... The week in pictures: January 28, 2017 The best photos by Fairfax photographers from across the country. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Rural Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport Footy HQ AFL TopTippa NRL Soccer Basketball Cricket HQ Albury Gold Cup Hockey Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Photo Sales Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features Local Business Feature Forms Sponsorships Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Entertainment Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad State Street loses $1 trillion in custody assets to JPMorgan By Reuters Published: 09:51 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 09:52 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail BOSTON, Jan 25 (Reuters) - State Street Corp shares on Wednesday tumbled as much as 7.5 percent on a double dose of bad news: the bank reported a 3.4 percent drop in fourth quarter revenue and rival JPMorgan Chase & Co Inc announced poaching more than $1 trillion in custody assets. Boston-based State Street is the world's No. 2 custody bank with $28.8 trillion in assets under custody and administration. But that figure could shrink more than 3 percent after JPMorgan announced on Wednesday that it was chosen by BlackRock Inc to be custodian for more than $1 trillion in assets. The announcement came as State Street reported total revenue of $2.53 billion in the fourth quarter, a 3.4 percent decline from the year-earlier period. State Street shares tumbled to $74.46 at the opening bell, a 7.5 percent drop from Tuesday's close of $80.52. But the stock recovered some of that lost ground, rising to $77.48. (Reporting By Tim McLaughlin; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Chase, Intuit to Give Customers Greater Control of Their Information Agreement reflects a new standard, helping protect customers who choose to share bank data with financial management applications January 25, 2017 08:30 AM Eastern Standard Time NEW YORK & MOUNTAIN VIEW, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM) and Intuit Inc. (Nasdaq: INTU) have signed an agreement to give customers greater control of their financial information to help them make better financial decisions, the companies announced today. This agreement sets the bar for how banks and technology companies can work together to serve their shared customers. The companies will use technology that will allow customers to authorize Chase to electronically share financial data securely with Intuit’s financial management applications, such as Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online. Both Chase and Intuit continue to pursue similar agreements with other industry players seeking to give customers more control of their financial information while enhancing security. Chase and Intuit will use a business-to-business, data-sharing connection called an application-programming interface (API) to download the information quickly and safely. It uses a token to authorize Intuit to download the requested account information on behalf of the customer without requiring customers to give Intuit their Chase user name and password. “The most important part of this is giving control to the customer,” said Jamie Dimon, Chairman and CEO of JPMorgan Chase. “Customers will get to decide what they want to share and when they want to share it – without having to hand over their password.” “We’re pleased to deliver a great experience for our shared consumer and small-business customers,” said Brad Smith, Intuit’s Chairman and CEO. “Intuit products, such as Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online, provide tens of millions of people with a complete picture of their finances, so that they can make informed decisions for themselves or their business.” The Chase-Intuit agreement embodies five core attributes: Security: Customers will give explicit consent to share their data with Intuit. Once authorized, Chase will provide a secure token to Intuit to access customer data. Convenience: Chase customers will see their banking information safely populated into the Intuit applications quickly. Customer control: Customers will give explicit consent for Intuit applications to use specific account information, and will be able to turn on and off access for Intuit applications. Privacy: Chase and Intuit will strive to maintain industry best practices for data privacy and security. No data reselling: Consistent with its Data Stewardship Principles, Intuit won’t sell customer data to third parties. Routing the data traffic through the secure API will provide information directly to the Intuit applications while freeing up server capacity on Chase’s website. That will improve the experience on both sites for the companies’ joint customers. This new agreement aligns closely with the Center for Financial Services Innovation’s “Consumer Data Sharing Principles,” released in October 2016. These principles create a roadmap for secure collaboration between the financial services and technology industries to help consumers manage their financial lives and improve financial health. As part of ongoing enhancements, the companies will introduce Open Authentication, and will exchange data through the Open Financial Exchange (OFX) 2.2 API. The functionality will be delivered in phases, starting with new Mint users. “In partnership with Intuit, we’re launching a fast, simple and secure method for customers to selectively share their data,” said Gordon Smith, CEO of Consumer & Community Banking at Chase. “We encourage all financial institutions, aggregators and application service providers to join us in helping consumers and businesses use technology tools to understand their financial lives, identify new needs and make better decisions about their money. “We will continue to pursue technology and industry advancements that place consumers and businesses at the center, allowing them to control who has access to their financial information in a way that prioritizes ease of use and transparency for all,” he said. About Chase Chase is the U.S. consumer and commercial banking business of JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. Chase serves nearly half of America’s households with a broad range of financial services, including personal banking, credit cards, mortgages, auto financing, investment advice, small business loans and payment processing. Customers can choose how and where they want to bank: 5,300 branches, 16,000 ATMs, mobile, online and by phone. For more information, go to Chase.com. About Intuit Intuit Inc. creates business and financial management solutions that simplify the business of life for small businesses, consumers and accounting professionals. Its flagship products and services include QuickBooks® and TurboTax®, which make it easier to manage small businesses and tax preparation and filing. Mint provides a fresh, easy and intelligent way for people to manage their money, while Intuit's ProConnect brand portfolio includes ProConnect Tax Online, ProSeries® and Lacerte®, the company's leading tax preparation offerings for professional accountants. Founded in 1983, Intuit had revenue of $4.7 billion in its fiscal year 2016. The company has approximately 7,900 employees with major offices in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, India, Australia and other locations. More information can be found at www.intuit.com. Contacts JPMorgan Chase Trish Wexler, 212-270-5883 patricia.a.wexler@jpmorgan.com or Intuit Inc. Steve Sharpe, 650-224-2362 Stephen_Sharpe@intuit.com Contacts JPMorgan Chase Trish Wexler, 212-270-5883 patricia.a.wexler@jpmorgan.com or Intuit Inc. Steve Sharpe, 650-224-2362 Stephen_Sharpe@intuit.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Wall Street said to be testing new mortgage index By MATT SCULLY Bloomberg News First Published Jan 25 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 01:05 am Single page Share This Article A bond-market startup is a step closer to reviving crisis-era derivatives that let investors bet on U.S. homeowner defaults. JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America and Credit Suisse Group have given price data to the startup, New York-based Vista Capital Advisors, which rolled out the latest version of its pilot initiative this month, according to a person with knowledge of the matter. Vista has been working on the project for the past few years with Intercontinental Exchange Inc. The firm plans to use that data to create indexes of mortgage securities, which in turn would become the basis for the derivatives, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the matter is private. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Those three banks may not ultimately participate in writing the eventual derivatives, the person said. Representatives for JPMorgan, Bank of America and Credit Suisse declined to comment. The derivatives would work much like ones created in the run-up to the U.S. housing crisis. Those products, known as the ABX indexes, were blamed for amplifying risks as big traders like American International Group wagered that subprime mortgage bonds would perform fine. After losses surged and the government had to bail out the financial system, demand for ABX bets faded. The new derivatives, however, would be tied to higher-quality mortgages that are less likely to default. The indexes Vista is building are linked to mortgage bonds issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac known as "credit-risk transfer" securities, which force investors to bear losses when borrowers default on their loans, said Richard MacWilliams, Vista's co-founder. The underlying loans are safer, but the bonds are still riskier for their owners than standard Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac mortgage bonds, which are fully supported by the government. Derivatives linked to these notes could be a test for how open investors are to new mortgage products a decade after the financial crisis. Fund managers in recent years have shown some signs of being willing to re-embrace risky securities and derivatives tied to home loans, such as subprime mortgage bonds. But these markets are still a fraction of their size pre-crisis. Vista Capital, which calls itself a "financial products innovation company," has some high-profile backers, including: • David Booth, co-founder and co-chief executive of Dimensional Fund Advisors; • John Reed, former chairman of Citigroup; and • Robert Merton, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who won a Nobel Prize in 1997 for his work on the Black-Scholes formula for pricing options. Vista was previously known as eBond Advisors. To be successful, derivatives linked to the indexes would have to help major banks manage their capital requirements, said Mike Edman, a former Morgan Stanley executive who helped invent credit derivatives on subprime mortgage bonds. "At a high level, it can make sense, but it seems regulatory capital is what the big banks focus on most," Edman said. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Dana Milbank: Don't get distracted by Trump's 'dead cats' ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance DS Smith plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for DS Smith plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. DS Smith plc (SMDS) Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - UK - Finance Tweet DS Smith plc (LON:SMDS)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating restated by equities researchers at JPMorgan Chase & Co. in a research report issued to clients and investors on Monday. They currently have a GBX 475 ($5.93) price target on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co.’s target price points to a potential upside of 8.57% from the company’s previous close. SMDS has been the subject of several other research reports. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “hold” rating and issued a GBX 440 ($5.49) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. Davy Research restated a “neutral” rating on shares of DS Smith plc in a research note on Monday, October 24th. Beaufort Securities restated a “buy” rating on shares of DS Smith plc in a research note on Friday, October 28th. Numis Securities Ltd upgraded DS Smith plc to an “add” rating and set a GBX 460 ($5.74) target price for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Finally, Citigroup Inc. restated a “buy” rating and issued a GBX 453 ($5.65) target price on shares of DS Smith plc in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Six analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the company. DS Smith plc has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of GBX 448 ($5.59). Shares of DS Smith plc (LON:SMDS) opened at 437.50 on Monday. DS Smith plc has a 12-month low of GBX 329.10 and a 12-month high of GBX 440.10. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is GBX 415.36 and its 200 day moving average price is GBX 404.67. The company’s market capitalization is GBX 4.13 billion. The business also recently declared a dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, May 2nd. Investors of record on Thursday, April 6th will be given a dividend of GBX 4.60 ($0.06) per share. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, April 6th. This represents a yield of 1.13%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This news story was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/ds-smith-plc-smds-rating-reiterated-by-jpmorgan-chase-co.html. About DS Smith plc DS Smith Plc is a provider of corrugated packaging in Europe and plastic packaging across the world. The Company’s segments include UK, Western Europe, DCH and Northern Europe, Central Europe and Italy, and Plastics. The Company designs and manufactures plastic bags and taps and fitments for use in bag-in-box packaging for liquids. Receive News & Ratings for DS Smith plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for DS Smith plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Edison International - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Apriem Advisors Has $247,000 Stake in Edison International (EIX) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Apriem Advisors boosted its position in Edison International (NYSE:EIX) by 6.7% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 3,414 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 214 shares during the period. Apriem Advisors’ holdings in Edison International were worth $247,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Edison International by 8.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 17,550,763 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,268,042,000 after buying an additional 1,327,608 shares during the last quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Edison International by 81.7% in the second quarter. Lord Abbett & CO. LLC now owns 2,460,224 shares of the company’s stock worth $191,086,000 after buying an additional 1,106,314 shares during the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. boosted its stake in shares of Edison International by 18.2% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 4,735,708 shares of the company’s stock worth $367,822,000 after buying an additional 728,925 shares during the last quarter. Numeric Investors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Edison International by 36.2% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 2,430,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $188,785,000 after buying an additional 645,700 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its stake in shares of Edison International by 144.5% in the third quarter. Nordea Investment Management AB now owns 1,083,673 shares of the company’s stock worth $78,295,000 after buying an additional 640,453 shares during the last quarter. 80.29% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Edison International (NYSE:EIX) traded up 0.25% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $72.00. The company had a trading volume of 1,522,548 shares. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $71.42 and a 200-day moving average of $72.53. The company has a market cap of $23.46 billion, a PE ratio of 26.70 and a beta of 0.13. Edison International has a 12 month low of $60.01 and a 12 month high of $78.72. Edison International (NYSE:EIX) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $1.29 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.23 by $0.06. The company had revenue of $3.77 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.91 billion. Edison International had a return on equity of 9.59% and a net margin of 8.80%. Edison International’s revenue was up .1% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.16 earnings per share. On average, analysts expect that Edison International will post $3.92 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 30th will be issued a $0.5425 dividend. This is a positive change from Edison International’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.48. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $2.17 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.01%. Edison International’s dividend payout ratio is 80.67%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Apriem Advisors Has $247,000 Stake in Edison International (EIX)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/apriem-advisors-has-247000-stake-in-edison-international-eix.html. A number of research firms recently issued reports on EIX. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $85.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, September 27th. Evercore ISI raised shares of Edison International from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $76.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Thursday, January 19th. Argus dropped their price target on shares of Edison International from $86.00 to $81.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. RBC Capital Markets set a $81.00 price target on shares of Edison International and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. Finally, SunTrust Banks Inc. lifted their price target on shares of Edison International from $82.00 to $84.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Monday, September 26th. Nine equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $77.81. In other Edison International news, insider Ronald L. Litzinger sold 38,086 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, November 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.40, for a total value of $2,643,168.40. Following the sale, the insider now owns 12,054 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $836,547.60. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 1.51% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Edison International Company Profile Edison International is the parent holding company of Southern California Edison Company (SCE). SCE is engaged in the business of supplying and delivering electricity to an approximately 50,000 square mile area of southern California. It is also the parent company of subsidiaries that are engaged in competitive businesses focused on providing energy services to commercial and industrial customers, including distributed resources, engaging in transmission opportunities, and exploring distributed water treatment and recycling. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EIX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Edison International (NYSE:EIX). Receive News & Ratings for Edison International Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Edison International and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Two Sigma Advisers LP Raises Position in The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (HIG) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Advisers LP increased its position in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE:HIG) by 171.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 327,466 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 207,033 shares during the period. Two Sigma Advisers LP owned about 0.09% of The Hartford Financial Services Group worth $14,022,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds also recently made changes to their positions in HIG. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group by 42.1% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 29,839,369 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,277,723,000 after buying an additional 8,835,456 shares in the last quarter. Diamond Hill Capital Management Inc. bought a new stake in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group during the third quarter worth about $160,429,000. Credit Suisse AG increased its stake in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group by 139.2% in the second quarter. Credit Suisse AG now owns 712,911 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,640,000 after buying an additional 2,533,792 shares in the last quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group by 1,568.4% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,534,158 shares of the company’s stock worth $65,692,000 after buying an additional 1,442,206 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Deprince Race & Zollo Inc. bought a new stake in shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group during the third quarter worth about $35,481,000. Institutional investors own 88.44% of the company’s stock. The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE:HIG) traded up 0.42% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $47.90. 2,141,863 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. has a 1-year low of $38.04 and a 1-year high of $49.68. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $48.15 and its 200-day moving average is $44.32. The company has a market capitalization of $18.09 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 13.82 and a beta of 1.23. The Hartford Financial Services Group (NYSE:HIG) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $1.06 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.95 by $0.11. The company earned $4.70 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.68 billion. The Hartford Financial Services Group had a net margin of 7.65% and a return on equity of 7.49%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 2.9% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the business posted $0.86 earnings per share. Analysts forecast that The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. will post $3.25 earnings per share for the current year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Tuesday, January 3rd. Stockholders of record on Thursday, December 1st were given a $0.23 dividend. This represents a $0.92 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.92%. This is a boost from The Hartford Financial Services Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.21. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Tuesday, November 29th. The Hartford Financial Services Group’s dividend payout ratio is 26.59%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The original version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/two-sigma-advisers-lp-raises-position-in-the-hartford-financial-services-group-inc-hig.html. HIG has been the topic of a number of research reports. Bank of America Corp. downgraded shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $53.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. RBC Capital Markets cut shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group from an “outperform” rating to an “average” rating in a research note on Friday, December 9th. FBR & Co cut shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating and set a $47.00 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday, November 28th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG assumed coverage on shares of The Hartford Financial Services Group in a research note on Friday, October 7th. They issued a “buy” rating for the company. Eight research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have issued a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $50.82. In other news, SVP Scott R. Lewis sold 5,868 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $44.16, for a total value of $259,130.88. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 12,812 shares in the company, valued at $565,777.92. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. 1.23% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. The Hartford Financial Services Group Company Profile The Hartford Financial Services Group, Inc is a holding company. The Company operates through six segments: Commercial Lines, Personal Lines, Property & Casualty Other Operations, Group Benefits, Mutual Funds and Talcott Resolution. Commercial Lines segment provides workers’ compensation, property, automobile, liability, umbrella, marine and livestock coverages to businesses, throughout the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding HIG? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. (NYSE:HIG). Receive News & Ratings for The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for The Hartford Financial Services Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Autohome Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Autohome Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp Raises Position in Autohome Inc. (ATHM) Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp increased its stake in shares of Autohome Inc. (NYSE:ATHM) by 90.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 28,200 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 13,400 shares during the period. OMERS ADMINISTRATION Corp’s holdings in Autohome were worth $684,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Tairen Capital Ltd increased its stake in Autohome by 564.6% in the second quarter. Tairen Capital Ltd now owns 232,627 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,678,000 after buying an additional 197,627 shares in the last quarter. Contrarius Investment Management Ltd increased its stake in Autohome by 38.0% in the second quarter. Contrarius Investment Management Ltd now owns 1,056,704 shares of the company’s stock valued at $21,250,000 after buying an additional 290,776 shares in the last quarter. First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in Autohome by 18.6% in the second quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 45,080 shares of the company’s stock valued at $907,000 after buying an additional 7,077 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Autohome by 2,506.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,192 shares of the company’s stock valued at $205,000 after buying an additional 9,801 shares in the last quarter. Finally, US Bancorp DE increased its stake in Autohome by 7.4% in the second quarter. US Bancorp DE now owns 38,267 shares of the company’s stock valued at $769,000 after buying an additional 2,636 shares in the last quarter. 22.52% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. Autohome Inc. (NYSE:ATHM) traded up 0.29% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $30.87. 462,019 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $27.50 and its 200-day moving average price is $25.11. Autohome Inc. has a one year low of $19.32 and a one year high of $32.15. The stock has a market cap of $3.54 billion, a PE ratio of 21.63 and a beta of 2.14. Autohome (NYSE:ATHM) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 14th. The company reported $0.38 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, hitting the consensus estimate of $0.38. The firm earned $221.20 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $207.44 million. Autohome had a return on equity of 21.34% and a net margin of 22.70%. Autohome’s quarterly revenue was up 56.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.35 EPS. Equities analysts predict that Autohome Inc. will post $1.62 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright & trademark laws. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/omers-administration-corp-raises-position-in-autohome-inc-athm.html. ATHM has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Brean Capital restated a “buy” rating on shares of Autohome in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Autohome from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG upgraded shares of Autohome from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $35.00 price target for the company in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have issued a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $29.13. About Autohome Autohome Inc is an online destination for automobile consumers in China. The Company is engaged in the provision of online advertising and dealer subscription services in the People’s Republic of China (PRC). The Company, through its Websites, autohome.com.cn and che168.com, and mobile applications, delivers content to automobile buyers and owners. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ATHM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Autohome Inc. (NYSE:ATHM). Receive News & Ratings for Autohome Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Autohome Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Next » United Services Automobile Association Has $8,696,000 Stake in Workday, Inc. (WDAY) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Skip to content Military Technologies pr@satprnews.com HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Main Menu JPMorgan Chase Announces Conference Calls to Review First-Quarter, Second-Quarter, Third-Quarter and Fourth-Quarter 2018 Earnings 26 January 2017Military News NEW YORK–(BUSINESS WIRE)–JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM) (“JPMorgan Chase” or the “Firm”) currently plans to host conference calls to review financial results on the following dates: First-quarter 2018 – Friday, April 13, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) Second-quarter 2018 – Friday, July 13, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) Third-quarter 2018 – Friday, October 12, 2018 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) Fourth-quarter 2018 – Tuesday, January 15, 2019 at 8:30 a.m. (Eastern) The financial results are scheduled to be released at approximately 6:45 a.m. (Eastern) on the dates noted above, and the live audio webcast and presentation slides will be made available on www.jpmorganchase.com under Investor Relations, Events & Presentations. Dial-in information will be provided at a later date. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. Posted Under Uncategorized Tagged Uncategorized Post navigation VR Store Helps Users Get the Best Virtual-Reality Apps and Videos Datascarping.Co Helps Extract Data from Websites Search Search for: Recent Posts Shanghai Disney Resort Marks its First Chinese New Year with Guests from Home and Abroad Travelniq Is Changing the Way People Travel Terror Attack Like Those In Fort Lauderdale Airport Could Be Avoided Ziv’s workout announce extreme heat resistant 932?F BBQ gloves Deep Discounts Available Now on Hearth & Home Products at Wallingford’s Colonial Flooring America Copyright © 2017 Military Technologies. Proudly powered by WordPress. | Theme: Awaken by ThemezHut.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Teradata Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teradata Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Teradata Corporation (TDC) Stake Reduced by Morgan Stanley Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Morgan Stanley decreased its stake in Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC) by 13.4% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,429,546 shares of the company’s stock after selling 221,656 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley owned approximately 1.10% of Teradata Corporation worth $44,316,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of TDC. Prudential Financial Inc. raised its position in Teradata Corporation by 18.8% in the second quarter. Prudential Financial Inc. now owns 192,619 shares of the company’s stock valued at $4,829,000 after buying an additional 30,509 shares in the last quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas raised its position in Teradata Corporation by 148.1% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 17,968 shares of the company’s stock valued at $450,000 after buying an additional 10,725 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Teradata Corporation by 3.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 521,308 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,070,000 after buying an additional 16,304 shares in the last quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. raised its position in Teradata Corporation by 151.7% in the second quarter. Alambic Investment Management L.P. now owns 106,450 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,669,000 after buying an additional 64,150 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Neuberger Berman Group LLC raised its position in Teradata Corporation by 0.5% in the second quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 889,946 shares of the company’s stock valued at $22,311,000 after buying an additional 4,388 shares in the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 99.75% of the company’s stock. Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC) traded down 0.82% during mid-day trading on Thursday, hitting $28.92. 955,881 shares of the stock were exchanged. The company has a 50-day moving average of $28.12 and a 200-day moving average of $29.08. The stock has a market capitalization of $3.76 billion, a PE ratio of 209.57 and a beta of 1.36. Teradata Corporation has a 52 week low of $22.10 and a 52 week high of $33.09. WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US & international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/teradata-corporation-tdc-stake-reduced-by-morgan-stanley.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on the company. Wells Fargo & Company assumed coverage on Teradata Corporation in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. They issued an “underperform” rating on the stock. Pacific Crest restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Teradata Corporation in a report on Friday, November 18th. Cowen and Company restated a “market perform” rating and issued a $29.00 price target on shares of Teradata Corporation in a report on Friday, November 18th. Zacks Investment Research cut Teradata Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 28th. Finally, Bank of America Corporation set a $32.00 price objective on Teradata Corporation and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 21st. Five investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $27.36. In other Teradata Corporation news, EVP Daniel L. Harrington sold 11,681 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 8th. The shares were sold at an average price of $28.00, for a total transaction of $327,068.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 51,324 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,437,072. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, EVP Oliver Ratzesberger sold 4,076 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $26.32, for a total transaction of $107,280.32. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 34,595 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $910,540.40. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders have sold 29,993 shares of company stock valued at $822,170. 2.64% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Teradata Corporation Company Profile Teradata Corporation (Teradata) is a provider of analytic data platforms, marketing and analytic applications, and related services. The Company’s analytic data platforms consist of software, hardware and related business consulting and support services for data warehousing, and big data analytics. It operates in two segments: data and analytics, and marketing applications. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding TDC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Teradata Corporation (NYSE:TDC). Receive News & Ratings for Teradata Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Teradata Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Marathon Oil Corporation (MRO) Stake Decreased by Stephens Inc. AR Next » Guidewire Software Inc (GWRE) Shares Bought by Morgan Stanley Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SK Telecom Co. Ltd. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SK Telecom Co. Ltd. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Ameriprise Financial Inc. Buys 136,491 Shares of SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (SKM) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its position in SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (NYSE:SKM) by 54.9% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The institutional investor owned 385,276 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 136,491 shares during the period. Ameriprise Financial Inc. owned approximately 0.06% of SK Telecom Co. worth $8,704,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in SKM. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its stake in SK Telecom Co. by 53.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 434,158 shares of the company’s stock worth $9,812,000 after buying an additional 150,395 shares in the last quarter. Kanaly Trust Co boosted its stake in SK Telecom Co. by 0.5% in the third quarter. Kanaly Trust Co now owns 4,674 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 25 shares during the period. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in SK Telecom Co. by 20.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 436,420 shares of the company’s stock valued at $9,863,000 after buying an additional 72,790 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in SK Telecom Co. by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 4,979,447 shares of the company’s stock valued at $112,536,000 after buying an additional 145,874 shares during the period. Finally, Sei Investments Co. boosted its stake in SK Telecom Co. by 2.4% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 150,785 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,408,000 after buying an additional 3,528 shares during the period. 11.21% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (NYSE:SKM) traded up 1.75% on Thursday, reaching $21.54. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 422,707 shares. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $21.45 and its 200-day moving average price is $21.77. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. has a 1-year low of $18.61 and a 1-year high of $23.17. The company has a market capitalization of $13.70 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 10.97 and a beta of 0.60. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/ameriprise-financial-inc-buys-136491-shares-of-sk-telecom-co-ltd-skm.html. Separately, Macquarie cut SK Telecom Co. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 25th. About SK Telecom Co. SK Telecom Co, Ltd. provides wireless telecommunications in Korea. The Company is engaged in the commercial development and implementation of wireless and fixed-line technologies and services, as well as develop its platforms, including Internet of things (IoT) solutions, lifestyle enhancement and advanced media. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SKM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SK Telecom Co., Ltd. (NYSE:SKM). Receive News & Ratings for SK Telecom Co. Ltd. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SK Telecom Co. Ltd. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Mueller Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Mueller Industries, Inc. (MLI) Position Boosted by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of Mueller Industries, Inc. (NYSE:MLI) by 1.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor owned 1,430,451 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 14,672 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. owned approximately 2.49% of Mueller Industries worth $46,375,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Arizona State Retirement System raised its position in shares of Mueller Industries by 1.0% in the second quarter. Arizona State Retirement System now owns 29,619 shares of the company’s stock worth $944,000 after buying an additional 300 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Mueller Industries by 0.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 44,435 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,416,000 after buying an additional 325 shares during the period. F&V Capital Management LLC raised its position in shares of Mueller Industries by 0.8% in the third quarter. F&V Capital Management LLC now owns 66,625 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,160,000 after buying an additional 560 shares during the period. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. raised its position in shares of Mueller Industries by 2.2% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 34,529 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,101,000 after buying an additional 733 shares during the period. Finally, BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Mueller Industries by 2.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 26,870 shares of the company’s stock worth $857,000 after buying an additional 763 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 91.06% of the company’s stock. Shares of Mueller Industries, Inc. (NYSE:MLI) traded down 0.25% during trading on Thursday, hitting $40.39. 84,338 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $39.88 and its 200 day moving average price is $35.13. The stock has a market cap of $2.32 billion, a PE ratio of 23.90 and a beta of 1.36. Mueller Industries, Inc. has a one year low of $24.19 and a one year high of $41.81. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Mueller Industries, Inc. (MLI) Position Boosted by BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A.” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/mueller-industries-inc-mli-position-boosted-by-blackrock-institutional-trust-company-n-a.html. In other Mueller Industries news, CEO Gregory L. Christopher sold 25,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $36.03, for a total value of $900,750.00. Following the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 315,546 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $11,369,122.38. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, CEO Gregory L. Christopher sold 40,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The shares were sold at an average price of $40.02, for a total value of $1,600,800.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the chief executive officer now directly owns 245,303 shares in the company, valued at $9,817,026.06. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 105,000 shares of company stock worth $4,022,750 over the last three months. 3.30% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Mueller Industries Company Profile Mueller Industries, Inc (Mueller) is a manufacturer of copper, brass, aluminum and plastic products. The Company operates through two segments: Plumbing & Refrigeration and Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM). Its Plumbing & Refrigeration segment consists of Standard Products (SPD), Great Lakes Copper Ltd. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MLI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Mueller Industries, Inc. (NYSE:MLI). Receive News & Ratings for Mueller Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Mueller Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance MRC Global Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for MRC Global Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research MRC Global Inc. (MRC) Shares Sold by BlackRock Inc. January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Inc. decreased its stake in MRC Global Inc. (NYSE:MRC) by 0.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 31,924 shares of the company’s stock after selling 298 shares during the period. BlackRock Inc.’s holdings in MRC Global were worth $525,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently made changes to their positions in MRC. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. raised its stake in shares of MRC Global by 18.0% in the third quarter. Robeco Institutional Asset Management B.V. now owns 414,570 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,812,000 after buying an additional 63,160 shares during the period. Boston Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of MRC Global by 9.6% in the second quarter. Boston Advisors LLC now owns 424,849 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,037,000 after buying an additional 37,220 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. bought a new position in shares of MRC Global during the second quarter valued at about $1,029,000. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of MRC Global by 4.3% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 113,160 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,608,000 after buying an additional 4,667 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of MRC Global by 1.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,036,425 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,458,000 after buying an additional 33,314 shares in the last quarter. 99.26% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of MRC Global Inc. (NYSE:MRC) traded down 1.00% on Thursday, reaching $21.76. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 292,568 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $2.07 billion. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $20.86 and a 200 day moving average of $16.84. MRC Global Inc. has a 1-year low of $8.50 and a 1-year high of $22.52. MRC Global (NYSE:MRC) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported ($0.06) earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of ($0.14) by $0.08. The business earned $793 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $759.67 million. MRC Global had a negative net margin of 13.92% and a negative return on equity of 0.01%. The business’s revenue was down 26.0% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm posted $0.10 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that MRC Global Inc. will post ($0.47) EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “MRC Global Inc. (MRC) Shares Sold by BlackRock Inc.” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/mrc-global-inc-mrc-shares-sold-by-blackrock-inc.html. Several research analysts recently issued reports on MRC shares. Zacks Investment Research downgraded MRC Global from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 9th. Cowen and Company upgraded MRC Global from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and lifted their price objective for the stock from $16.00 to $18.00 in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, five have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $18.00. In other news, Director H B. Wehrle III sold 50,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $21.19, for a total value of $1,059,500.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Company insiders own 6.10% of the company’s stock. MRC Global Company Profile MRC Global Inc is an industrial distributor of pipe, valves and fittings (PVF) and related products and services to the energy industry. The Company operates through three segments: the United States of America, Canada and International. It has branches in principal industrial, hydrocarbon producing and refining areas throughout the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia, Australasia, the Middle East and Kazakhstan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MRC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for MRC Global Inc. (NYSE:MRC). Receive News & Ratings for MRC Global Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for MRC Global Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News & Features Latest News▶ Opinion▶ Features▶ Galleries▶ Topics▶ Investments Alternative Investments Bonds / Fixed Income International Investing REITs Socially Conscious Investing Insurance Annuities Health Care Life Insurance Variable Annuities Broker-dealers Independent Broker-dealers Regional Brokerages Wirehouses Retirement 401(k) Defined Benefit Plans Defined Contribution Plans IRAs Social Security Your Practice Client Prospecting Client Servicing Staffing / Personnel Succession Planning Video INTV Ed Slott: Why retirees need financial advisers' help more than ever Events Jerry Webman: Why investors need alternatives in a high-inflation environment Smarter in 60 Seconds Factor Investing: Experience Counts Gadget Girl Gadget Girl: The case of the robo-advisory accomplice The Secret Life of... Secret Life: My passion is my family Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus The DOL rule from all angles. Fiduciary Focus is your one-stop resource for learning how the DOL's fiduciary rule is changing the advice business. B-D Data Center Find out which firms offer the highest payouts, have the most reps in the field and generate the most revenue - or create your own custom rankings. The Adviser Center Before you change firms, make a new hire or explore an acquisition, visit the new InvestmentNews Adviser Center. People on the Move Track the latest moves within the financial advisory industry, including new hires, board appointments and promotions. More Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center CE Quiz Center Data Library Research Adviser Research Dashboard This interactive, customizable tool allows you to view detailed data on compensation, staffing and financial performance practices from across the industry. Adviser Technology A comprehensive study highlighting the best technology practices of both your peers and top-performing advisory firms. Financial Performance Benchmark your business against the industry's best practices with the 2016 InvestmentNews Financial Performance Study of Advisory Firms. Data Store Visit the InvestmentNews Data Store to purchase adviser tools, studies and data spreadsheets. More Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events Women to Watch March 8, 2017 | New York. InvestmentNews honors female financial advisers and industry executives who are distinguished leaders at their firms. Icons & Innovators On April 3rd, InvestmentNews will honor this years Icons and Innovators recipients at our inaugural Icons and Innovators Awards luncheon at the Essex House in NYC. Women Adviser Summit April 26, 2017 Chicago | July 11, 2017 Boston | Nov. 9, 2017 San Francisco | For sophisticated female advisers who want to take their personal and professional self to the next level. Retirement Income Summit April 24-25, 2017 | Chicago. At the 11th annual Summit, learn the latest strategies to create a sustainable retirement for your clients. More Webcasts Alternative Investments Best Practices Subscribe Author: - All - Jeff Benjamin Mary Beth Franklin Greg Iacurci Bruce Kelly Mark Schoeff Jr. Liz Skinner John Waggoner  Sections News & Features Latest News Opinion Features Galleries Topics Video INTV ETF Exchange Events Practice Makeover Wealthtrack Data & Resources Fiduciary Focus B-D Data Center The Adviser Center People on the Move Advisers on the Move White Paper Library RIA Data Center CE Quiz Center Research & Studies Adviser Research Dashboard Adviser Technology Financial Performance Data Store Compensation & Staffing Succession Planning Custom Research Events All Events Women to Watch Icons & Innovators Women Adviser Summit Retirement Income Summit Webcasts Alternative Investments Best Practices JPMorgan sued for self-dealing in its 401(k) plan Plan participant claims use of expensive proprietary funds cost employees millions in retirement savings Jan 26, 2017 @ 11:38 am By Greg Iacurci + Zoom JPMorgan Chase & Co. has been sued by a participant in its 401(k) plan for allegedly causing employees to pay millions of dollars in excessive fees through a scheme motivated by “self-interest.” The plaintiff claims JPMorgan, as well as various board and committee members with oversight of the $21 billion retirement plan, breached their fiduciary duties by, among other things, retaining proprietary mutual funds from the bank and affiliate companies for several years, despite the availability of nearly identical, lower-cost and better-performing funds. The funds were “more expensive than necessary and not justified on the basis of their economic value to the plan,” according to the proposed class-action lawsuit, Beach v. JPMorgan Chase Bank et al, filed Wednesday in New York district court. During the class period, 2010-15, roughly half of the investment options in the 401(k) were proprietary funds, according to the plaintiff, Terre Beach, who also claimed the bank maintained “lucrative business arrangements” with BlackRock Institutional Trust Co. that caused a “flooding of the plan” with BlackRock funds. Additional allegations include the failure to adequately review investment options to ensure each was prudent in cost and performance; failing to offer commingled accounts, separate accounts or collective trust funds in place of mutual funds, despite their “far lower fees”; and failing to adequately monitor fiduciaries managing plan assets. JPMorgan disagrees. “We have received the complaint and are reviewing it. We disagree with the central allegations and look forward to defending the claim in court,” said Jennifer Lavoie, a spokeswoman for the firm. The lawsuit is the most recent in a string of class-action cases brought against other financial services companies for self-dealing in their 401(k) plans, largely within the past year, including Edward Jones, Morgan Stanley, Neuberger Berman, Franklin Templeton, New York Life Insurance Co. and American Century Investments. Record-keeping firms Voya Financial, Fidelity and Xerox HR Solutions have also recently been sued over alleged pay-to-play schemes involving advice firm Financial Engines. 0 Comments What do you think? Latest from InvestmentNews Broker-dealers▶ Investments▶ Insurance▶ Regulation▶ Retirement▶ Technology▶ Your Practice▶ More Topics Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Reads Some 401(k) advisers seize on Trump tax reform to push Roth $4 billion hybrid RIA to leave LPL 401(k) plans make big fund changes following new money market rules Schwab sued over funds offered in its own 401(k) plan Clients getting divorced may encounter hidden 401(k) fees Sponsored Financial News Most Popular 1 $4 billion hybrid RIA to leave LPL 2 10 worst states for retirement 3 SEC hits Citigroup advisory unit with $18.3 million penalty for overbilling clients 4 10 signs you need to fire your client 5 Morgan Stanley to move ahead with changes despite uncertainty around DOL fiduciary rule X Subscribe and SAVE over 72% View our best offer Subscribe to Print Newsletter Sign-up Register Now in Print This week's issue To download the full contents of this week's issue, click here. Past Issues January 16, 2017 January 9, 2017 December 19, 2016 Subscribe to Print Get Daily News & Intel The pulse of the financial advisory industry. Breaking news and in-depth coverage of essential topics delivered straight to your inbox. view all newsletters Connect with Us Register to access our archive of leading investment information and data Follow @newsfromIN Follow @eventsfromIN Follow @statsfromIN Follow InvestmentNews Financial Adviser Group Retirement Income Summit Group Alternative Investments Conference 40 Under 40 Like us on Facebook Like our fan page to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. Latest News & Opinion Subscribe to this RSS feed to receive the latest news and opinion from InvestmentNews. About Contact Staff Help Center Editorial Calendar Media Kit Reprints Content Strategy Studio Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc. Use of editorial content without permission is strictly prohibited. Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions are applicable to you. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Monster Worldwide Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Prudential Financial Inc. Sells 50,960 Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (MWW) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Prudential Financial Inc. cut its stake in shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW) by 16.0% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The firm owned 267,612 shares of the company’s stock after selling 50,960 shares during the period. Prudential Financial Inc. owned 0.30% of Monster Worldwide worth $966,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new position in shares of Monster Worldwide during the second quarter worth about $1,878,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 18.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 909,678 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,175,000 after buying an additional 141,650 shares in the last quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 1.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 642,134 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,535,000 after buying an additional 9,142 shares in the last quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 3.9% in the second quarter. California Public Employees Retirement System now owns 647,296 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,547,000 after buying an additional 24,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, American Century Companies Inc. increased its position in shares of Monster Worldwide by 0.3% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 880,664 shares of the company’s stock worth $2,105,000 after buying an additional 2,364 shares in the last quarter. 88.74% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW) remained flat at $3.41 during trading on Thursday. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $3.41 and its 200 day moving average price is $3.34. Monster Worldwide, Inc. has a 52 week low of $2.13 and a 52 week high of $5.02. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece of content was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/prudential-financial-inc-sells-50960-shares-of-monster-worldwide-inc-mww.html. A number of brokerages recently issued reports on MWW. B. Riley reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $3.40 price target on shares of Monster Worldwide in a research note on Friday, October 7th. BMO Capital Markets reissued a “hold” rating and set a $3.50 price objective on shares of Monster Worldwide in a report on Friday, October 7th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, three have given a hold rating and one has given a buy rating to the company. Monster Worldwide presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $3.41. About Monster Worldwide Monster Worldwide, Inc is engaged in connecting people to jobs. The Company offers services in over 40 countries, providing job seeking, career management, recruitment and talent management capabilities. The Company’s segments include Careers-North America and Careers-International. It offers digital, social and mobile solutions through its flagship Website monster.com. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding MWW? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Monster Worldwide, Inc. (NYSE:MWW). Receive News & Ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Monster Worldwide Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Big Banks, Big Earnings: A Review of Q4 It was a mixed bag for the nation's biggest banks last quarter. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Jan 26, 2017 at 12:23PM With earnings season in full swing, we now have a good sense for how the nation's biggest banks performed in the final months of 2016. As The Motley Fool's Michael Douglass and contributor John Maxfield discuss on this week's episode of Industry Focus: Financials, two of the nation's biggest banks had breakout quarters, while two more reported particularly dismal results. Listen in to hear why, as well as to learn the one bank stock they think is best positioned to benefit going forward. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on Jan. 23, 2017. Michael Douglass: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. It's Monday, Jan. 23, and we're talking big bank earnings. I'm your host, Michael Douglass -- Gaby Lapera has a cold -- and I'm joined on Skype by fool.com's banking expert, John Maxfield. John, it's good to be able to talk to you again on the podcast. It's been a little while. John Maxfield: It has been way too long, Michael. What were we just talking about before the show? Was it two years ago since we did this show together? Douglass: [laughs] Something like that, it was scarily long ago. Fortunately, the podcast has improved. I'm not sure I have. But listeners, listen, send us an email at industryfocus@fool.com if you think that, with me here, we sound reasonably good. Help me out here, give me a small ego boost. Maxfield: Be kind, be kind to him! Douglass: Yeah, please be kind! [laughs] All right, let's talk about bank earnings. Before we get into specific banks, let's talk about the big overall drivers. The first one, of course, trading revenue. Maxfield: Yeah. This was one of those quarters where a ton of stuff happened in it. But, if there was one thing in particular that impacted bank stocks, it was the presidential election. The reason the presidential election impacted bank stocks -- or, one of the principal reasons -- was because it caused trading revenues at these large universal banks, which are banks that have both commercial banking operations and investment banking operations to soar by double digits on a year-over-year basis. And the reason trading revenue soared on a year-over-year basis as a result of the election was because institutional investors had to reposition their portfolios in the wake of the election because of the unexpected outcome. Anytime you have institutional investors in the market buying and selling different types of securities because banks are market makers, i.e., the ones that are facilitating those transactions, and they earn commission on those transactions, they're going to make a lot more money. That's one of the principal reasons it was such a good quarter for these big banks. Douglass: Right. Certainly, bank stocks moved a great deal after the election because of expectations of deregulation, and perhaps some expectations that things like trading revenue would improve, but this is where we actually get to see some of that fall through to the bottom line. It's like, trading revenue was actually boosted by quite a bit. Maxfield: Yeah, that's a really good point, actually, Michael. If you look at the stock prices, they shot up 25% to 30%. And that was because of the expectation for reduced regulations and all these things that could happen under the new presidential administration. But if you're talking about the fundamentals of the bank, to your point, it was the trading revenues. Douglass: Exactly. Let's also talking short-term and long-term interest rates. People always talk about interest rates like they're one thing, but there are two different main streams to talk about. Maxfield: Yeah. If you think about banks, what are banks? The way I like to simplify in my own head, because I have a pretty simple mind [laughs], is that a bank is really nothing more than a retail type of operation, but instead of a bookstore that sells books, banks sell money. And interest rates are the price of money. I.e., when you get a loan, the bank is basically selling you that money to use for a time being. The price that you are paying for that is the interest rate on that. So, as interest rates go up, the price of money goes up. And as the price of money goes up, well, so do bank revenues. So, that is a really good thing. But here's the thing. The banks have been talking now for a few years, waiting for interest rates to come up, hoping for them to come up because profitability in the sector has been so hard. But, in the fourth quarter, when they did come up, the short-term rates didn't come up until December, when the Federal Reserve, the committee that sets monetary policy, when they decided to increase interest rates, that didn't happen until December, so, a little bit more than two-thirds of the way through the quarter. Long-term interest rates, which are also are beneficial to banks, they shot up in the immediate wake of the election, just like bank stocks did. And they shot up, actually, by quite a bit, by 90 basis points. If you talk about that on a percentage basis, that means 0.9%. Now, that doesn't seem like a lot. But if you look at all these banks, in their regulatory filings, put out interest rate sensitivity analysis. And Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) said that, if short and long-term interest rates increase by 100 basis points, which is almost how much long-term rates shot up, it would earn $5.3 billion more over the following 12 months in net interest income. And net interest income is really high-margin revenue that essentially just falls to the bottom line. Then, we factor in that a bank like Bank of America makes like $5 billion a quarter, then basically, just by interest rates increasing by 1% would basically give Bank of America a full 'nother quarter of earnings on top of what it's already earning. So, it is a really big thing. But, because they came up so late in the quarter, the banks really aren't going to see that benefit until this year. That's why, I think, investors can and should feel bullish about bank stocks at this point. Douglass: Yeah. Certainly, those year-over-year comparisons look like they're going to look pretty darn good for the rest of 2017. Of course, no one has a crystal ball and can predict the future. But that's what things look like right now. But, an interesting thing about interest rates -- and John, you and I were talking about this a bit before the show -- earnings obviously improve as interest rates go up, or they tend to, but book value will tend to go down. Why is that? Maxfield: When you think about what a bank is, it's a highly leveraged investment fund. And in that fund, it holds two different types of assets. I'm speaking very generally. One type of asset are loans. The other type of assets are fixed income securities, things like a 10-year Treasury bill, mortgage-backed securities that are issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, things like that. Well, as interest rates come up, the value of the securities comes down, because those securities were issued under lower interest rates. So, as the new securities, which are basically fungible -- a 10-year Treasury issued in December for all intents and purposes isn't really different from a 10-year Treasury issued in October, except for the fact that if the interest rates go up, investors are going to earn a lot more from those, so they're going to be willing to pay more for those securities that are issued in a higher interest rate environment. What happens then is that all those securities that were existing and on their portfolio, their prices go down. So, what we saw in the fourth quarter was -- and this is a statistic that Dick Bove, a well-known bank analyst, publicized in a recent report, is that if you look at 18 of the biggest banks in the United States, the ones that have thus far reported their earnings, their cumulative book values have fallen by between $17 [billion] to $18 billion. Now, here's the interesting thing about that. You think that there's some give and take here, higher interest rates are good for the income statement but they're bad for the balance sheet. But here's what's so interesting about this. Because of where we are right now, and because the way the regulatory environment has unfolded over the last few years, banks have to hold so much capital that it makes them look less profitable. Because, the way that banks estimate profitability is through the return on equity calculation, where you have income divided by capital. If you have more capital, then your return on equity is going to go down. So, what has happened now is, as these banks have had to revalue their portfolios down, that is actually going to make them look even more profitable, because their return on equity is going to go up. So, there's all these different moving pieces when you're talking about interest rates. Some are good, some are bad. But it looks to me like -- and I think this is probably the consensus out there -- is that as a general rule, higher interest rates are almost indisputably good for banks. Douglass: Yeah. On balance, a net positive. John, I like to talk, and I know you do, sometimes, too. So, I'm going to go ahead and institute a 30-second rule. We're going to talk about three big banks and we're going to talk about each of them in 30 seconds. Sounds good? Maxfield: That sounds great. Douglass: OK, let's talk specifically Bank of America, go. Maxfield: Awesome quarter. $4.3 billion in net income applicable to common stockholders. 50% better than the fourth quarters in the average of the four quarters in the three preceding years. That's great. They are boosted by trading revenue in particular. Going forward, they're going to earn a lot more money, to the point we made about interest rates, $600 million more per quarter this year, if everything else stays equal. However, the one thing that remains out there for Bank of America is that it still needs to get its profitability up. But, it's going in the right direction. Douglass: Cool. JPMorgan (NYSE:JPM). And, I'll go ahead and insert here, wow, what a barnburner of a quarter for them. Maxfield: [laughs] Yeah. Monster quarter. I mean, JPMorgan Chase earned $6.7 billion. Let me put this in perspective. If you look at earnings over the last 12 months of all the companies on the S&P 500, only one company in the United States earns more money, that's Apple. So, what we're seeing now is the true value of the franchise that CEO Jamie Dimon has built. He built it in large part during the financial crisis by buying a number of other banks for pennies on the dollar. We're really starting to see that value come to fruition. Douglass: All right. Citigroup (NYSE:C)? Maxfield: Citigroup had a really tough quarter. If you just look at its top-line revenue, it fell on a year-over-year basis. Anytime revenue falls on a year-over-year basis, that's not good, particularly when you consider that Citigroup has substantial trading operations that also benefited from trading. So, the fact that they benefited from that, but everything else fell, was not a good sign. The one thing I would say about Citi that shareholders should take note of is that the fourth quarter was the last time that it will separately report the performance of Citi Holdings, which was the entity that it created after the financial crisis, and stuffed full of toxic non-core assets. So, it marks a demarcation point between Citi and the financial crisis that basically, going forward, it will be difficult to even tease out the impact of the financial crisis from Citi's financial statements any longer. Douglass: Let's talk about Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), the fallen angel of the big bank stocks. What happened with these guys? Maxfield: Wells Fargo had a really tough quarter. Like I was telling you, it kind of reminded me of my first semester in college. I still had a pretty good semester, but it was pretty messy when you looked at all the details. In fact, my parents probably didn't know too much about that. [laughs] But, anyway, Wells Fargo has struggled in the quarter. We saw that scandal come out. And that really impacted its top and bottom lines. Douglass: Yeah. Let's face it, reduced credit card and checking account deposits, that's going to be a problem long-term. And all of that work that they're having to do, trying to respond to everything that happened. Let's go ahead and take a step back for those of our listeners who might not be familiar with what's going on with Wells Fargo over the last six months. Maxfield: In September, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau came out and revealed that Wells Fargo, employees in its branches, had been opening fake accounts for customers in order to boost Wells Fargo's cross-sell ratio, and on the individual basis, when you look at the bankers who were doing it, it was in order to meet their sales quotas, these really high sales quotas that they were obligated to meet in order to win bonuses and also to keep their jobs. So, that came out. And then, later in the month, the Office of the Comptroller Currency, which is the primary regulator for national banks, because of the scandal, it is now requiring Wells Fargo to seek regulatory approval for any changes in officers and directors. When you think about it, the company can't even hire or fire the main people anymore without the regulators weighing in on it. That's a pretty stiff penalty. Then, later in the quarter, in December, the Federal Reserve came in and said that Wells Fargo had messed up on this really important financial submission that all the big banks have to submit each year, and as a result of it being the only large bank in the United States to mess up on that, it can't expand internationally without regulatory approval, and also can't make acquisitions without regulatory approval. And then, the icing on the cake -- what a horrible cake it would be to eat -- is there are all these ongoing investigations into Wells Fargo. The one that we know for sure is going on is being run by the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission, that is looking into whether Wells Fargo retaliated against employees who tried to bring that sales scandal to light over the past few years as it was happening, and then when they did bring it to the attention of their supervisors, it is alleged by many, many employees and the media over the last few months that they were either fired, or faced some sort of adverse employment action as a result of bringing it to light. Douglass: Yeah, just a multilayered cake of bad stuff going on. That's pretty much the Wells story in a nutshell. Let's widen back out. Going forward over the next couple quarters, and the rest of 2017, even, what are the major things folks should be watching for across big banks? Maxfield: The major things you're going to want to be watching are, I would say, you're going to want to watch, for sure, the direction of interest rates. When the Federal Reserve met in December, they raised interest rates, the short-term interest rates, the Fed Funds rate, by 25 basis points. But they also said, "Look, a plurality of members on that committee thinks that they will raise interest rates three more times this year." To put that in perspective, the Fed has only increased rates twice since the financial crisis eight years ago. So, that would be a huge boost to banks if that were to come to fruition. The other thing to listen and watch for are the language coming out of the presidential administration about what steps they're going to take on the regulatory front, and what impacts that will have on banks. As I'm looking at it -- and just today, Trump came out and said that they're going to decrease regulations, and I don't know how you'd quantify this, but by 75% -- well, if they do that in the bank industry, which is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the United States, banks are going to earn more revenue, they're going to have lower compliance costs, and their profitabilities are just going to soar. Douglass: We're an investing podcast, so if you had to pick one of the big four we talked about today -- that's Bank of America, Citigroup, Wells Fargo, and JPMorgan -- if you had to pick one right now as your favorite big bank stock, which would it be? Maxfield: I would have to say -- it's tempting to say that Citigroup is because the value of the stock is so low. But the problem with Citigroup is -- and we detailed this earlier in the show -- is that it's going to struggle going forward, particularly, to get back to the policy question, if the presidential administration goes in a protectionist direction, because Citigroup is such an internationally focused bank, that could really impact it. So, even though Citigroup is the cheapest, I don't think that's the direction that I would go in as an investor. The direction I would go in as an investor at this point is JPMorgan Chase. Again, to the point we made earlier, because the value of that franchise ... as these interest rates come up, and assuming that they do, the value of that franchise is really going to come through. And it is now, as of the fourth quarter, the most profitable multitrillion dollar bank in the quarter. And going forward, I just don't see that trend abating at all. Douglass: Good thing to end on. Always like to end on a high note. Well, listeners, that does it for this episode of Industry Focus. If you have any questions, or you just want to reach out and say, "Hey," shoot us an email at industryfocus@fool.com, or tweet us @MFIndustryFocus. I can tell you, the reason that those of you who are listening from Friday and saying, "Wow, Michael seems to be on here a lot," Friday, we had gotten some listener questions on the Tech show -- Dylan Lewis and I had been talking a lot about how we invested, and somebody wanted us to do an episode specifically about how we thought about investing in stocks, and we were happy to oblige. So, drop us a note, shoot us a tweet. We love to hear from our listeners. If you're looking for more of our stuff, of course, subscribe on iTunes or check out The Fool's family of shows at fool.com/podcasts. Be sure to leave us a review. It helps us make sure that we can get our message out to more people. As always, people on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear. For John Maxfield, I'm Michael Douglass, thanks for listening and Fool on! John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. Michael Douglass owns shares of AAPL. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AAPL. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on AAPL and short January 2018 $95 calls on AAPL. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Jan 26, 2017 at 12:23PM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $23.36 down $0.08 (-0.34%) Citigroup NYSE:C $57.11 down $0.25 (-0.44%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $86.93 up $0.18 (0.21%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $56.59 down $0.59 (-1.03%) Read More American Express' 3 Step Plan to Get Back on Track 2 Top Small-Cap Stocks to Buy in 2017 Rising Energy Prices Allow Cullen/Frost Bankers' Profits to Soar Federated Investors Is Riding the Wave of Higher Rates These 5 Stocks Drive Vanguard High Dividend Yield's Performance Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Big Banks, Big Earnings: A Review of Q4 @themotleyfool #stocks $BAC, $C, $JPM, $WFC
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance BancFirst Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for BancFirst Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Seaport Global Securities Brokers Raise Earnings Estimates for Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) IDACORP, Inc. (IDA) to Post Q4 2016 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share, KeyCorp Forecasts Analysts Offer Predictions for WEC Energy Group, Inc.’s Q4 2016 Earnings (WEC) Mondelez International Inc (MDLZ) Short Interest Down 4.4% in January People’s United Financial, Inc. (PBCT) Sees Significant Decline in Short Interest Wendy’s Company (The) (WEN) Sees Significant Decrease in Short Interest Helmerich & Payne, Inc. (HP) Shares Gap Down After Earnings Miss Holly Energy Partners, L.P. (HEP) Reaches New 12-Month High After Dividend Announcement Celestica, Inc. (CLS) Stock Price Up 11% After Earnings Beat Robert Half International Inc. (RHI) Stock Price Down 7.3% Following Weak Earnings NVR, Inc. (NVR) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Zacks Investment Research Chrysalis VCT plc. (CYS) to Issue GBX 3.25 Dividend Dunedin Income Growth Investment Tr PLC to Issue Dividend of GBX 2.58 (DIG) Power Financial Corp (PWF) Receives C$34.17 Average Price Target from Brokerages Centrica PLC (CPYYY) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Nintendo Co. (NTDOY) Receives $36.00 Average Target Price from Brokerages Yara International ASA (YARIY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Target Healthcare REIT Ltd (THRL) to Issue Dividend of GBX 1.57 Brokerages Set Trican Well Servic (TOLWF) Price Target at $4.30 BancFirst Corporation (BANF) Stake Raised by Bank of New York Mellon Corp January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its stake in BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) by 0.8% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 69,914 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 575 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp owned 0.45% of BancFirst Corporation worth $5,070,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of BANF. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of BancFirst Corporation by 8.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 673,491 shares of the company’s stock valued at $40,626,000 after buying an additional 53,497 shares during the last quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of BancFirst Corporation by 4.5% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 495,649 shares of the company’s stock valued at $29,897,000 after buying an additional 21,510 shares during the last quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its stake in shares of BancFirst Corporation by 1.9% in the second quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 225,555 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,605,000 after buying an additional 4,188 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of BancFirst Corporation by 0.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 206,088 shares of the company’s stock valued at $12,431,000 after buying an additional 1,500 shares during the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in shares of BancFirst Corporation by 8.8% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 183,856 shares of the company’s stock valued at $11,090,000 after buying an additional 14,873 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 30.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) traded up 0.37% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $95.80. 9,450 shares of the company traded hands. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.51 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 21.58 and a beta of 0.70. BancFirst Corporation has a 12 month low of $53.00 and a 12 month high of $96.89. The company’s 50 day moving average is $92.69 and its 200-day moving average is $76.30. BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, January 19th. The company reported $1.16 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.13 by $0.03. BancFirst Corporation had a net margin of 21.02% and a return on equity of 10.43%. Equities research analysts forecast that BancFirst Corporation will post $4.63 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 30th were issued a dividend of $0.38 per share. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $1.52 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.59%. BancFirst Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 34.23%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “BancFirst Corporation (BANF) Stake Raised by Bank of New York Mellon Corp” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/bancfirst-corporation-banf-stake-raised-by-bank-of-new-york-mellon-corp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of BancFirst Corporation from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, October 26th. In related news, insider Darryl Schmidt sold 3,983 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 25th. The shares were sold at an average price of $94.75, for a total value of $377,389.25. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 11,483 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $1,088,014.25. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Banking Ltd Ptnrshp R sold 26,400 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, November 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $83.00, for a total transaction of $2,191,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 5,623,600 shares in the company, valued at $466,758,800. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 246,448 shares of company stock valued at $20,694,206. Insiders own 44.97% of the company’s stock. BancFirst Corporation Company Profile BancFirst Corporation is a financial holding company. The Company conducts its operating activities through its principal subsidiary, BancFirst (the Bank), a state-chartered bank. It has four business units, which include metropolitan banks, community banks, other financial services, and executive, operations and support. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BANF? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for BancFirst Corporation (NASDAQ:BANF). Receive News & Ratings for BancFirst Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for BancFirst Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow P&I on BlackRock, AllianzGI move $1.5 trillion in custody assets to J.P. Morgan, State Street BlackRock hired J.P. Morgan Chase as custodian to more than $1 trillion in BlackRock client assets. To view this content, please login or register now. Register for FREE Get access to the latest news on pionline.com Register today and you also get a free two week trial to P&I Daily, our online subscription with full access to all current and archived stories plus the latest industry searches, hires, and RFPs. Register Now Please Log In E-mail  Password  Forgot your password? Remember Me Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications Inc., All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us  
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan gives Intuit access to customer data BI Intelligence Jan. 26, 2017, 11:43 AM 1,096 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Fintech could be bigger than ATMs, PayPal, and Bitcoin combined US fintechs are lobbying for access to customer data Here's why France might steal the UK's fintech crown This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "Fintech Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. In late 2015, several major US banks upset customers and fintechs when it emerged that they had temporarily suspended the flow of customer data to third-party data aggregators, prompting the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) to launch a data-sharing inquiry. Now, JPMorgan Chase, one of the banks involved in the suspension, has reached an agreement with a tech company temporarily denied access, called Intuit, which uses data aggregation to power its solutions, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday. Intuit's solutions include Mint.com, a personal finance management app, QuickBooks, an SMB accounting solution, and TurboTax Online, a tax management app. Such fintechs have been demanding access to customer data in order to be able to provide a customized service for clients, and roll out more efficient new products. Customers, meanwhile, want such providers to access their information to achieve better financial management. The deal will let Chase customers authorize the bank to share their data with Intuit's apps electronically. Previously, customers had to give Intuit their banking passwords to view their account information, which the bank said compromised cybersecurity. Under the new agreement, Chase customers who wish to use third-party aggregator apps will give Intuit permission to access their banking data, after which the bank has to confirm that the request came from the customer. It will then issue a token which Intuit uses to access the data, until and if a customer chooses to end the company's access. Customers' data will be shared with third parties by the bank using an application programming interface (API). This is an important step toward open banking in the US, but it might not be far-reaching enough. JPMorgan Chase and Intuit are both leaders in their respective fields, and it is promising that a bank of such stature has facilitated access to its customer data. On the other hand, however, this is a discretionary agreement between two companies, and the benefits seem unlikely to trickle down to customers of other banks. For truly open banking to emerge, whereby APIs are open to multiple third parties, regulations will likely have to be introduced at a federal level. Given the push toward open banking from both fintechs and federal agencies like the CFPB recently, such regulations may well be introduced in the near future. As this situation unfolds, it's become increasingly clear that we’ve entered the most profound era of change for financial services companies since the 1970s brought us index mutual funds, discount brokers and ATMs. No firm is immune from the coming disruption and every company must have a strategy to harness the powerful advantages of the new fintech revolution. The battle already underway will create surprising winners and stunned losers among some of the most powerful names in the financial world: The most contentious conflicts (and partnerships) will be between startups that are completely reengineering decades-old practices, traditional power players who are furiously trying to adapt with their own innovations, and total disruption of established technology & processes: Traditional Retail Banks vs. Online-Only Banks: Traditional retail banks provide a valuable service, but online-only banks can offer many of the same services with higher rates and lower fees  Traditional Lenders vs. Peer-to-Peer Marketplaces: P2P lending marketplaces are growing much faster than traditional lenders—only time will tell if the banks strategy of creating their own small loan networks will be successful  Traditional Asset Managers vs. Robo Advisors: Robo advisors like Betterment offer lower fees, lower minimums and solid returns to investors, but the much larger traditional asset managers are creating their own robo-products while providing the kind of handholding that high net worth clients are willing to pay handsomely for. As you can see, this very fluid environment is creating winners and losers before your eyes…and it’s also creating the potential for new cost savings or growth opportunities for both you and your company. After months of researching and reporting this important trend, Sarah Kocianski, senior research analyst for BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has put together an essential report on the fintech ecosystem that explains the new landscape, identifies the ripest areas for disruption, and highlights the some of the most exciting new companies. These new players have the potential to become the next Visa, Paypal or Charles Schwab because they have the potential to transform important areas of the financial services industry like: Retail banking  Lending and Financing  Payments and Transfers  Wealth and Asset Management  Markets and Exchanges  Insurance  Blockchain Transactions  If you work in any of these sectors, it’s important for you to understand how the fintech revolution will change your business and possibly even your career. And if you’re employed in any part of the digital economy, you’ll want to know how you can exploit these new technologies to make your employer more efficient, flexible and profitable. Among the big picture insights you'll get from The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry: Fintech investment continues to grow. After landing at $19 billion in total in 2015, global fintech funding had already reached $15 billion by mid-August 2016. The areas of fintech attracting media and investor attention are changing. Insurtech, robo advisors, and digital-only banks are only a few of the segments making waves. B2B fintechs are also playing an increasingly prominent role in the ecosystem.  It's not all good news for fintechs. Major hurdles, including customer acquisition and profitability, remain. As a result, many are becoming more willing to enter partnerships and adjust their business models.  Incumbents are enacting strategies to ensure they remain relevant. Many financial firms have woken up to the threat posed by fintechs and are implementing innovation strategies to stave off disruption. The majority of these strategies involve some interaction with fintech firms.  The relationship between incumbents and fintechs continues to evolve. Fintechs are no longer viewed exclusively as a threat, nor can they be ignored. They are increasingly viewed as partners, but that narrative alone is too simple — in reality, a more nuanced connection is taking hold.  This exclusive report also: Assesses the state of the fintech industry.  Gives details on the drivers of its growth.  Explains which areas of fintech are gaining traction.  Outlines the range of current and potential models for fintech and incumbent interaction.  The Fintech Ecosystem Report: Measuring the effects of technology on the entire financial services industry is how you get the full story on the fintech revolution. To get your copy of this invaluable guide to the fintech revolution, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of the fast-moving world of financial technology. Learn more: Credit Card Industry and Market Mobile Payment Technologies Mobile Payments Industry Mobile Payment Market, Trends and Adoption Credit Card Processing Industry List of Credit Card Processing Companies List of Credit Card Processing Networks List of Payment Gateway Providers M-Commerce: Mobile Shopping Trends E-Commerce Payment Technologies and Trends Follow Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Fintech Briefing and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing Fintech JPMorgan Chase Intuit facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan gives Intuit access to customer data JPMorgan gives Intuit access to customer data This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories RISE teams with Michigan athletic group to work together to address racism 105.1 The Bounce adds two Detroit natives to on-air talent For semi-pro soccer club, grass is greener in Royal Oak Access restored after computer outage halts Secretary of State transactions New Center redevelopment to house artists, new restaurant, Wilson foundation HQ Wayne County to issue RFP Feb. 10 to move forward with jail project Trump includes Dow, Ford, Whirlpool CEOs on Manufacturing Jobs Council Lawrence Tech makes business case for return to football Business events in February: Networking, classes and awards events Business trip to innovation hot spot Israel couldn't come at a better time Special Report Healthy choices in the hospital × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Chad Livengood Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kirk Pinho - Real estate Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups City Moments Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries January 26, 2017 Updated Detroit business leaders chosen for academy to help solve workforce issues in city By Kurt Nagl J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. is putting $200,000 toward a new program aimed at helping Detroit business leaders solve workforce issues in the city. The Detroit Workforce System Leadership Development Academy consists of 22 business leaders in a 12-month program to collaborate on solutions and nationwide best practices to better engage employers, understand industry workforce needs and develop successful career pathway strategies in Detroit, Chase (NYSE: JPM) said. The academy is part of… Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe at three different levels -- digital, print + digital and our newest level: Data Membership. Subscribe Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business There are three ways to subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business -- digital, print + digital, and data membership. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE January 22, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Share 3 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-01-27 Bee Gees And ‘Saturday Night Fever’ Tribute To Be Held On Valentine’s Day, Special To Air Later On CBS Entertainment 2017-01-27 Barron Trump Character In Comedy Show: Despite Choppy Waters, Show Opens Saturday Entertainment 2017-01-27 Super Bowl 51 Commercials: Coen Brothers Pay Homage To ‘Easy Rider’ In Mercedes-Benz Ad [Video] Entertainment 2017-01-26 ‘Fairy Tail – Dragon Cry’ Movie Artwork And Script Page Reveal Plot? Hand-Drawn Illustrations Suggests Japanese Animated Film May Explore Natsu’s Origin Story News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News, Politics 2017-01-28 The President Of Mexico And Donald Trump Have An Hour Long Phone Call News 2017-01-28 Protesters Plan To March Along Mark Zuckerberg’s Wall Despite Withdrawal Of Controversial Lawsuit News 2017-01-28 Mixed Reactions From Muslims In America To Trump’s Anti-Immigration Actions News 2017-01-28 Jewish Groups Condemn Trump For Signing Refugee Ban On Holocaust Remembrance Day Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-01-28 WWE Rumors: Rey Mysterio Returning To WWE During ‘Royal Rumble’ Football 2017-01-28 Senior Bowl: NFL Draft Prospects To Watch In The 2017 Showcase Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE News: Bayley Explains The Biggest Difference Between WWE And NXT Wrestling 2017-01-27 WWE Rumors, Spoilers: Upcoming Advertisements May Have Spoiled WWE Universal Championship Match Results For ‘Royal Rumble’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-01-22 The Obamas’ New Digs: Check Out The Former First Family’s Possible Picks Lifestyle 2017-01-17 Donald Trump’s Childhood Home Auction Buzz: Will Trump Bid On His Old House? Lifestyle 2017-01-16 Kate Middleton’s Ring Becomes More Popular Than Ever! Foreign Buyers Queue To Get Replicas Of The Sapphire Diamond Jewelry Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-01-26 Planned Parenthood: IUD Insertions Up 900 Percent After Trump’s Election Health 2017-01-22 Heartburn Or Heart Attack — Do You Know When To Seek Help? Health 2017-01-22 2016-2017 Flu Season: Health Experts Expect More Severe Influenza Cases Than Last Year Health 2017-01-22 The One Birth Control Method That’s Cost-Effective And Over The Counter Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Technology 2017-01-27 Apple Watch: New Updates Excite Owners Technology 2017-01-27 Facebook And Google Join Fight Against Fake News Sites Gaming 2017-01-27 ‘Avengers’ Game Release Date Nearing, ‘The Avengers Project’ To Be Published By Square Enix Science 2017-01-27 Organ Transplant Breakthrough: Scientists Create First Human-Animal Chimera BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Chinese New Year 2017: Find All The Best Greetings To Ring In The New Year, Plus What Animal Represents 2017 BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Trump Didn’t Photoshop His Hands To Look Bigger — But He Did Hold Theresa May’s Hand [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Calexit: California Secession Movement Fueled By Trump Presidency BuzzWorthy 2017-01-27 Migos To Replace Lady Gaga At Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show? ‘Culture’ Rappers Have Petition Backing The Cause SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Dow Jones Industrial Average Hits Stock Market Record High Of 20,000: Why Are People Freaking Out? News 3 0 0 January 25, 2017 Dow Jones Industrial Average Hits Stock Market Record High Of 20,000: Why Are People Freaking Out? Amanda Katherine People are freaking out right now because the Dow Jones Industrial Average just hit 20,000 points for the first time in stock market history. According to Mic, the Dow Jones Industrial Average is considered to be a snapshot of where the stock market is headed because the index includes a lot of the country’s largest and most profitable companies like McDonald’s, General Electric, and IBM. Finally. #dow20k pic.twitter.com/B0LnxCEX9Z — Sara Eisen (@SaraEisen) January 25, 2017 The index first topped 19,000 on November 22. The past month and a half or so have been the second fastest 1,000 point run in Dow Jones Industrial Average’s history. However, the Dow does only include 30 companies, which is a fairly small sample size. Many of the stocks within the Dow are considered to be predictable and “boring.” [Image by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] The best performing Dow stocks over the last month or two have been Goldman Sachs, Disney, and Boeing. Spikes in Caterpillar, Boeing, JPMorgan, and Travelers helped push the Dow over the 20,000 market on Wednesday. Chief global investment strategist at Charles Schwab, Jeff Kleintop, said that the election has definitely impacted the Dow. Cramer: To get to the next level, we need Trump’s tax breaks 1 Hour Ago | 01:50 Wall Street’s bull should keep running even after its race to Dow 20,000 from its last thousand-point milestone, but it’s much more likely to slow to a trot before it reaches 21,000. The Dow crossed 19,000 on November 22 and continued to gain, as the Trump trade swept the market higher. The best performing Dow stocks since then are Goldman Sachs, Disney, and Boeing. Gains in Caterpillar,Boeing, JPMorgan, and Travelers helped push the Dow across the 20,000 marker on the opening Wednesday. “Individual investors have started buying again, really since the election. “A psychological number like 20,000 helps to continue that trend, helps to bring in investors that have been sitting in cash and it really helps to keep the money flow coming in. “We see this as a positive year, largely because of the individual investor, and not just corporations buying back stock any more.” People are also at odds because the Dow weighs stocks with a high share price more heavily than its modern competitors like the S&P 500, which is more representative of the broader market and contains 500 stocks. A stock’s share price is pretty meaningless without taking into account the number of outstanding shares. ALERT: Dow Jones Industrial Average comes within 44 points of striking the 20,000 level https://t.co/kmLAoeL2sc pic.twitter.com/NjPIi4FZxf — CNBC (@CNBC) January 6, 2017 The 20,000-point stock market rise has been expected for a while now. Of course, not everyone is excited or obsessed over the five-figure milestone. Investor and financial writer Douglas Kass called the buzz surrounding the stock market points “asinine” on Twitter. In one word – the DJIA 20k watch is … Assinine. Stated simply. — Douglas Kass (@DougKass) January 6, 2017 Some market watchers are becoming concerned that stocks are getting too expensive and that the post-election gains have come way too fast. “Expensive” stocks have a share price that is higher than what you would expect, given the company’s profits, earnings, or whatever else. [Image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images] The cyclically adjusted price to earnings ratio (CAPE) was developed by economist Robert Shiller. The CAPE is beginning to dance around the danger zone. Right now, the CAPE is around 28. The CAPE has only been this high a few times in history: before the 1929 stock market crash, the 2000 internet bubble crash, and the 2007 housing market crash. Other financial skeptics believe that the market is pricing in enthusiasm over some of President Donald Trump’s policies, including business tax breaks. However, other potential risks, like the increased possibility of a trade war or even nuclear war, have been ignored. It is likely that it will be a slow trot before the Dow reaches 21,000 points. [Featured Image by Drew Angerer/Staff/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Doomsday Clock Moved Closer To Midnight Now Read This: Tom Price, Trump’s Pick To Head HHS, Is A Recent Member Of Group That Supports Vaccine Choice Share 3 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Amanda Katherine Tags: dow jones 20k, dow jones 14000, Dow Jones Industrial Average, Dow Jones January 27, 2017 Charlotte McKinney Considers Breast Reduction: ‘I Was Called A S**t’ For Large Breasts January 27, 2017 ‘Real Housewives’ Vagina Lawsuit: ‘RHOM’ Joanna Krupa Demanding ‘RHOBH’ Brandi Glanville Hand Over Financial Docs Comments LATEST HEADLINES Tom Price, Trump’s Pick To Head HHS, Is A Recent Member Of Group That Supports Vaccine Choice Gigi Hadid: How She’s Coping With Selena Gomez, The Weeknd Romance — Bella Still Hurt? The President Of Mexico And Donald Trump Have An Hour-Long Phone Call Mariah Carey: Bryan Tanaka Meets Her Kids Amid Alleged Summer Wedding Plans ‘Days Of Our Lives’: Brady And Nicole Get Closer – Could Deimos Kiriakis Soon Be History On ‘DOOL’? [Spoilers] Bella Hadid: ‘Kendall, Kylie Jenner Take Sides Amid Ongoing Selena Gomez War’ Over The Weeknd The Weeknd Calls Himself ‘Uncle Abel’ As He Holds Manager’s Newborn Baby Protesters Plan To March Along Mark Zuckerberg’s Wall Despite Withdrawal Of Controversial Lawsuit Mixed Reactions From Muslims In America To Trump’s Anti-Immigration Actions Carrie Fisher And Debbie Reynolds Public Memorial Location And Date Announced Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories WWE News: The Reason Goldberg’s Head Was Bleeding — What Happened With Goldberg, The Undertaker, And Brock Lesnar After ‘Raw’ Went Off The Air? 26.9k 0 0 Justice Democrats: Cenk Uygur, The Young Turks, Progressives Launch Party Takeover 6.4k 0 0 WWE Rumors: Top Five Rumored ‘WrestleMania 33’ Matches That Will Come Out Of Sunday’s ‘Royal Rumble’ 4.8k 0 0 Six Journalists Face Felony Charges After Covering Inauguration Riots 3.8k 0 0 Jon Voight Accuses Miley Cyrus, Shia LaBeouf Of Treason For Opposing Trump, Calls Women’s March ‘Destructive’ 4.2k 0 0 2NE1: YG Entertainment K-Pop Girl Group Confirmed To Disband, CL And Dara Re-Signed To Label As Soloists 75.1k 0 0 Recent Videos News Israel Plans To Decriminalize Marijuana Politics Mexican President Offers Friendship To U.S., But Not Border Wall News Trump Moving Forward With Mexico Border Wall Politics C.I.A. Black Sites Could Reopen With Trump Executive Order Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
Detroit Workforce System Leadership Development Academy Inaugural Class Announced 22 Individuals to Participate in 12-Month Program to Enhance Career Pathway Strategies in Detroit January 26, 2017 06:00 AM Eastern Standard Time DETROIT--(BUSINESS WIRE)--JPMorgan Chase & Co., in partnership with Corporation for a Skilled Workforce (CSW) and The Aspen Institute, today announced the selection of twenty-two participants for the first ever Detroit Workforce System Leadership Development Academy (Academy). The Academy will leverage and build on the expertise of leaders across the workforce ecosystem through an intensive twelve month learning program, led by local Detroit leaders and guest faculty from across the nation, providing the group with an opportunity to collaborate on developing practical solutions to solve some of the city’s most challenging workforce issues. As part of JPMorgan Chase’s $100 million commitment to the city’s economic recovery, the company awarded $200,000 to CSW to allow the Academy to leverage and build on the expertise of leaders across the workforce community to help these workforce leaders to better engage employers, understand industry workforce needs, develop successful career pathway strategies and strengthen connections between training providers, job seekers and employers. “As a result of this program, this exciting group of local leaders will be able to come up with innovative and practical solutions that connect Detroiters to open jobs in a way they’ve never done before. The Academy will help advance the city’s focus on creating high-quality jobs and reducing the skills mismatch between local employers and job hunters,” said Chauncy Lennon, Head of Workforce Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. The program includes an opening retreat in late January, five full day working sessions from March to September, a second retreat in November, and a closing capstone presentation event in December. The Academy is anchored in a world-class sector skills development model, grounded in practical application of innovative practices, and backed by an executive-level Detroit-based council of leaders. It is one in a number of strategies aimed at preparing the City’s next cohort of workforce system leaders to help offer solutions to some of Detroit’s most intractable workforce issues. “Effective workforce development strategies are developed within a particular local context and take account of a variety of factors including the specifics of their local labor market, the assets and needs of the people whose careers they seek to advance, and the resources and capacities of the local institutions with which they partner,” said Sheila Maguire, Senior Fellow with Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program. “Skilled local leaders, who can work within their organization and in partnerships with other stakeholders, are essential for success.” The academy participants will join leaders in a growing network of fellows from academies in Baltimore, Seattle, and Toronto, Canada. The following 22 individuals comprise Detroit’s 2017 cohort: Kristen Barnes-Holiday, Director of Program Outcomes for Reading Works Detroit Sister Janice Brown, Executive Director for Dominican Literacy Center Jacqueline Burau, Senior Program Officer for Detroit Local Initiative Support Corporation Devon Buskin, Director of Workforce Development for The Greening of Detroit Emily Dieppa, Executive Director for CarePath Career Center Brittany Foley, Program Manager for Michigan Community Services Shawna Forbes, Vice Chancellor, School of Continuing Education and Workforce Development for Wayne County Community College District Mary Freeman, Director, Workforce Development for Southwest Solutions Naheed Huq, Manager of Talent and Economic Development for Southeast Michigan Council of Governments Marcus Jones, Director for the Detroit Training Center Tammie Jones, VP, College and Career Pathways, and CEO for Linked Learning, UW-SEM Ann Leen, Assistant Vice President of Youth Services for SER Metro Ricardo Marble, Director of Youth Services for the city of Detroit Teresa McFadden, Director of Operations-Detroit for Vehicles for Change Chioke Mose-Telesford, Deputy Director of Workforce Development Office for the city of Detroit Stephanie Nixon, Director of Program and Service Innovation for Detroit Employment Solutions Corporation Hachem Ossarian, Operations Manager for ACCESS Veronica Sanchez Peavy, Sr. Assistant Vice President (Adult Programs) and Regional Director for SER Metro Sarah Sebaly, Senior Program Manager, Workforce Intelligence Network/Southeast Michigan Community Alliance Robert Shimkoski, Director, Policy Planning & Resource Development for the Detroit Employment Solutions Corporation Edward Steinberger, Director- Detroit Career Center for Goodwill Industries Rashida Thomas, Director, Workforce Development & Education for Focus:HOPE “This cohort of 22 leaders represents a direct investment in the bedrock of the Detroit workforce system that will influence organizations key to the city’s growth and pay dividends for years to come,” said Jeannine La Prad, President and CEO, CSW. Academy project leaders from CSW and Aspen Institute sought potential Academy Fellows in mid-to-senior level management positions with authority to implement organizational and program changes and who are high-performing, high-potential candidates for more senior roles within their own organizations or elsewhere in the system. Applications were solicited from candidates working in diverse organizations, including public workforce, economic development, health and human service agencies, nonprofit job training and work-readiness providers, community colleges or universities, community-based and faith-based organizations, business associations, unions, and other relevant agencies. Selections were made based on comprehensive application submissions from the candidates, with input and feedback from the Academy advisory council members. Corporation for a Skilled Workforce (CSW) is a national non-profit organization that partners with philanthropy, government, business, and community leaders to connect workers with good jobs, increase the competitiveness of companies, and build sustainable communities. For over 25 years, CSW has been an effective catalyst for change, identifying opportunities for innovation in work and learning and supporting transformative change in policy and practice. CSW has worked with dozens of workforce investment boards, state and local workforce agencies, community-based organizations, and community colleges to create lasting impact through their collaborative action. For nearly a decade, CSW has been a partner in Detroit’s workforce system. From research and strategic planning and counsel to implementation support, CSW has been partnered with the Mayor’s Workforce Development Board, Mayor’s Office of Workforce Development, Detroit Employment Solutions Corp. (DESC), local philanthropic investors, the Detroit Regional Workforce Fund, and community-based organizations in support of the Mayor’s vision to prepare and connect thousands more Detroiters to jobs and career pathways. More information about CSW is available at www.skilledwork.org. The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Economic Opportunities Program (EOP) advances promising strategies, policies, and ideas to help low- and moderate-income Americans connect to and thrive in a changing economy. Over its 25 years of work, EOP has focused on expanding individuals’ opportunities to connect to quality work, to start businesses, and to build assets and economic stability. For more information, visit www.aspeninstitute.org/eop. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. Contacts Media: JPMorgan Chase Stephanie Bosh Stephanie.a.bosh@jpmorgan.com or Corporation for a Skilled Workforce Katie Hall khall@skilledwork.org Contacts Media: JPMorgan Chase Stephanie Bosh Stephanie.a.bosh@jpmorgan.com or Corporation for a Skilled Workforce Katie Hall khall@skilledwork.org Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ita? CorpBanca - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ita? CorpBanca with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Zacks: Analysts Set $17.24 Target Price for Ita? CorpBanca (ITCB) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Ita? CorpBanca (NYSE:ITCB) has received a consensus broker rating score of 1.00 (Strong Buy) from the one analysts that cover the company, Zacks Investment Research reports. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a strong buy rating. Brokerages have set a 12 month consensus price objective of $17.24 for the company, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Ita? CorpBanca an industry rank of 83 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. Ita? CorpBanca (NYSE:ITCB) opened at 12.72 on Thursday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $12.49 and a 200 day moving average price of $12.87. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.35 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.48 and a beta of 1.00. Ita? CorpBanca has a 12 month low of $10.99 and a 12 month high of $14.43. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Bank of New York Mellon Corp bought a new stake in Ita? CorpBanca during the second quarter worth about $707,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Ita? CorpBanca by 19.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 26,792 shares of the company’s stock worth $357,000 after buying an additional 4,279 shares during the last quarter. Advisors Preferred LLC bought a new stake in Ita? CorpBanca during the third quarter worth about $117,000. World Asset Management Inc increased its stake in Ita? CorpBanca by 8.1% in the third quarter. World Asset Management Inc now owns 22,873 shares of the company’s stock worth $305,000 after buying an additional 1,711 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Eagle Global Advisors LLC bought a new stake in Ita? CorpBanca during the second quarter worth about $230,000. Institutional investors own 0.79% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Zacks: Analysts Set $17.24 Target Price for Ita? CorpBanca (ITCB)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/zacks-analysts-set-17-24-target-price-for-ita-corpbanca-itcb.html. Ita? CorpBanca Company Profile Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Ita? CorpBanca (ITCB) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Ita? CorpBanca Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ita? CorpBanca and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News BUDGET 2017 Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio BLink Stocks Forex Commodities Gold & Silver Today's Pick Portfolio Tracker Dollar gains capped by concerns over Trump's policies Reuters comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet Tokyo, Jan 26:   The dollar rose against the yen and euro on Thursday but the prospect of stronger US economic growth was not enough to drive the currency significantly higher as the weight of bets on a stronger greenback made some investors nervous. While equities and Treasury yields have continued to rise, fuelled by US President Donald Trump's signals that he plans to increase public spending, expectations of a boost to growth have had a diminishing impact on the dollar in the past 10 days. Currency market players have offered a variety of explanations for that breakdown, from concerns about Trump's protectionist bent to his warning over the dollar's strength and worries about his approach to geopolitical and social issues. Either way, the squeeze on the huge bets on the dollar built up at the end of last year has now lasted almost a month. “Positioning does seem to have overtaken the dollar bull arguments and there is an issue of credibility with Trump,” said Richard Benson, co-head of portfolio investment at currency fund Millennium Global in London. “It really has just been a position annihilation.” Speculators have gradually cut their net bets on a stronger dollar from $25.43 billion in the week ending January 3 to $24.44 billion in the week to January 17, data from the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and calculations by Reuters show. The dollar index was flat on the day at 100.01, having hit a seven-week low of 99.793 earlier in the day. It gained 0.1 per cent to $1.0741 against the euro and 0.4 per cent to 113.68 yen. Trump has made several corporate-friendly decisions since taking office on Friday, including executive orders to reduce the regulatory burdens on domestic manufacturers and to clear the way for the construction of two oil pipelines. However, his broad but divisive plans to reshape US immigration and national security policy rattled some investors, partly because the US needs foreign capital to finance its large current account deficit. If protectionism is the issue, it has not shown up in the currencies of some of the Asian exporting economies that, theoretically, should be most exposed. The Singapore dollar dipped with the yen on Thursday but is trading around its highest since mid-November. The Korean won hit its highest since November 10 in Asian trading. Mexico's peso strengthened to a three-week high of 20.9300 pesos on Wednesday. Among the group of G10 developed world currencies, the biggest gainer of the past fortnight has been sterling, up almost 6 per cent from troughs hit on January 16. All eyes were on fourth-quarter GDP data “The market has been seeing the pound in a different light over the past week or so,” analysts from currency exchange LMAX said in a morning note. “While there remains risk for a hard Brexit, it seems more clarity on the matter has been alleviating some stress. At the same time, the big sell-off in the dollar has also contributed to sterling strength.” (This article was published on January 26, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Stocks bask in afterglow of Dow breaking past 20,000 TOPICS economy (general) | currency value | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. The Currency Converter is powered by Investing.com India The Forex Quotes are powered by Investing.com. DATA BANK Cross Currency Rate Indian Rupees Australian Dollar Canadian Dollar Danish Kroner Euro Hong Kong Dollar Indonesian Rupiah Japanese Yen New Zealand Dollar Norwegian Kroner Pound Sterling Singapore Dollar South Korean Won Swadish Kroner Swiss Franc Thai Baht US Dollar Chinese Yuan Arab Emirates Dirham Exchange Rate Dollar Spot Forward Rate Open-Ended Mutual Funds MCX-SX Currency Futures NSE Currency Futures MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Rupee pares losses, ends a tad higher at 68.03 Dollar edges up, Mexican peso tumbles on Trump's tax proposal Dollar gains capped by concerns over Trump's policies Dollar struggles, pressured by worries over Trump protectionism Rupee trading strong at 68.07 Rupee trading strong at 68.12 Rupee up 5 paise at 68.15/$ Aussie slumps, US dollar struggles for traction Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Five army personnel trapped under snow in Macchil sector 18 min. ago Pakistan hopes to host SAARC soon, accuses India to impede process 1 hr. 39 min. ago Begged for help, not loans, says Mallya 2 hr. 15 min. ago Film industry unites to condem attack on Bhansali in Jaipur 2 hr. 35 min. ago Trump hails Brexit as he meets Theresa May More » O P E N close Recent Article in Forex Rupee trading strong at 68.07 The rupee was trading strong at 68.07 due to heavy capital inflows into the domestic equity market and as the dollar remained weak again... » Business Line: Home | News | BUDGET 2017 | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City CES Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Intuit, JPMorgan reach agreement over sharing financial data with software vendors The deal allows Chase customers to link their bank accounts to Intuit's cloud accounting products without turning over their Chase-affiliated usernames and passwords. ByNatalie Gagliordi for Small Business Matters | January 25, 2017 -- 17:18 GMT (09:18 PST) | Topic: SMBs CBSNews.com An agreement has been struck between JPMorgan Chase and Intuit that gives joint customers real-time access to their data. Specifically, the deal allows Chase customers to link their bank accounts to Intuit's cloud accounting products without turning over their Chase-affiliated usernames and passwords. What's Hot on ZDnet Microsoft's multi-pronged robotics play takes shape Trump aides' use of encrypted messaging may violate records law ​Ex top Mozilla dev: Ditch all antivirus except Microsoft's Defender Students team aims to brew beer on the moon According to both companies, the agreement "aligns closely" with a set of consumer data-sharing principles announced in October and "sets the bar for how banks and technology companies" work together to provide services for shared customers -- a feat that has proved contentious in the past. A little more than a year ago, a number of banks temporarily blocked data from flowing to financial technology platforms such as Intuit's. The concern was that the data could be picked off by hackers and cause the banks to incur costs from potential identity theft or fraud. With this new data-sharing pact, the companies will use the Open Financial Exchange API to authorize Chase to electronically share financial data with Intuit products such as Mint, TurboTax Online, and QuickBooks Online. The API utilizes tokenization technology that will allow Intuit to download account information from Chase without asking users to give Intuit their Chase user name and password. "We're pleased to deliver a great experience for our shared consumer and small-business customers," said Intuit CEO Brad Smith. "Intuit products, such as Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online, provide tens of millions of people with a complete picture of their finances, so that they can make informed decisions for themselves or their business." Looking ahead, both companies said they plan to make similar agreements with others in the financial services and technology industries. Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Security Facebook adds security key and YubiKey support for 2FA Networking Comcast's business unit lands small, midsized businesses as annual revenue nears $6 billion SMBs GoDaddy launches mobile friendly website builder tool GoCentral Security Is your company too small to be hit by ransomware? Don't believe it × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
Budget newsDemonetisation news | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Budget 2017 More... MultimediaScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Reclaiming safe public spaces 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise PRESENTING SPONSOR CO-SPONSOR PARTNERS Home » Money Last Modified: Thu, Jan 26 2017. 02 32 PM IST BlackRock’s $1 trillion JPMorgan move shows cost strategy The move of assets to JPMorgan Chase is part of BlackRock’s strategy to exact lower fees Subscribe to our newsletter. Sabrina WillmerCharles SteinHugh Son BlackRock has made no secret that it planned to put more pressure on vendors. President Rob Kapito said in a conference call last year that it would seek concessions as it tries to keep a lid on expenses. Photo: Reuters Boston/New York: BlackRock Inc. yanked custody services from State Street Corp. on more than $1 trillion in client assets as the asset manager seeks to cut costs by putting pressure on vendors. The move of assets to JPMorgan Chase & Co. is part of BlackRock’s strategy to exact lower fees, according to a person familiar with the matter. The bank said the deal was one of the largest shifts of custody assets ever. BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, found a partner in JPMorgan, which has been growing its custody business and now services about $20.5 trillion in assets. The bank has invested in automation technology that helps it offer services more cheaply, said another person with knowledge of the situation. The bank is expected to make tens of millions of dollars in annual fees from the deal. “Many of BlackRock’s clients will experience cost savings through decreased operating expenses at the fund level,” Derek Stein, senior managing director and head of business operations and technology at BlackRock, said in an emailed statement Wednesday. BlackRock has made no secret that it planned to put more pressure on vendors. President Rob Kapito said in a conference call last year that it would seek concessions as it tries to keep a lid on expenses. Profit margins JPMorgan’s corporate and investment bank chief Daniel Pinto has said he was focusing on the custody business because of its profit margins and steady fees. One priority is improving efficiency through automation technology, he said in a February presentation. That has helped the business generate margins of greater than 25%. Pinto said in a Wednesday statement that the deal is a “validation of the investments we’ve made and the resources we’ve added to the custody and fund services business.” The firm said it increased business with existing custody clients by 10% over the last 12 months. State Street investors saw the move as a blow. The company’s shares fell 4.3% as of 2:50pm in New York, the most since June. This “may be the first inning of a trend of JPMorgan uniquely being able to grab business from the trust banks,” wrote Glenn Schorr, a senior banking analyst at Evercore ISI, in a client email. The average fee rate for custody assets is 1.81 basis points, meaning that the loss to JPMorgan could sap about 3% of State Street’s earnings, he wrote. ‘A one-off’ State Street chief executive officer Jay Hooley said Wednesday that BlackRock approached the Boston-based custody bank as it sought to diversify its custodians. Hooley said that as BlackRock grew into a $5.15 trillion money manager it decided it needed another partner. The shift isn’t indicative of a trend in the industry because most companies are looking to use fewer providers, Hooley said on the company’s earnings conference call. “We appreciated where they were coming from,” Hooley said. “It’s a one-off adjustment for BlackRock to get better diversified.” State Street had assets under custody and administration of $28.8 trillion as of the fourth quarter. It said in a presentation Wednesday that it would remain a service provider to BlackRock even after the move. Bank of New York Mellon Corp., the largest custody bank, reported $29.9 trillion in assets under custody and administration. Fee pressure Price competition is fierce among the top players in the industry. Improvements in technology are driving servicing costs lower and customers are demanding those savings be returned to them, Richard Bove, an analyst with Rafferty Capital Markets, said in an interview Wednesday. “It is a significant loss at a time when State Street’s fees are already under pressure,” said Bove. JPMorgan expects to take over administration of the assets during the next two years. Custody banks keep records, track performance and lend securities for institutional investors. They also manage money for individuals and institutions. “Shifts of this size are pretty rare,” Jonathan Watkins, editor of Global Custodian, a London-based publication that covers the industry, said in a telephone interview. “Big managers tend to keep these custody relationships in place for decades.” Bloomberg Sabrina WillmerCharles SteinHugh Son Topics: BlackrockJPMorganasset managerState StreetRob Kapito More From Livemint READ MORE L&T Q3 rises 39% to Rs972 crore 5 soldiers trapped under heavy snow along LoC, army launches rescue operation Donald Trump’s trade-policy wild card puts US growth momentum at risk First Published: Thu, Jan 26 2017. 08 20 AM IST Editor's Picks Why we should be wary of ‘viral’ narratives about economic policy BSE listing: Sebi sets process to address potential conflict A portrait of a soldier’s wife Latest News 5 soldiers trapped under heavy snow along LoC, army launches rescue operation Donald Trump’s trade-policy wild card puts US growth momentum at risk Sunanda Pushkar’s death: Medical board fails to make any conclusion in report Pakistan hopes to host Saarc soon, accuses India to impede process Google recalls staff to US after Donald Trump immigration order Mint On Sunday How India chased off the run-chase blues Why Kamaraj does not have to wake up early this year The humanity of intelligence Dangal: Do we celebrate a father like this? A sushi master’s five simple rules for not embarrassing yourself Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Budget 2017 Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close

Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Pattern Energy Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Pattern Energy Group Inc. (PEGI) Position Maintained by Riverstone Holdings LLC Posted by William Strong on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Riverstone Holdings LLC held its stake in Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG) during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 16,962,546 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Pattern Energy Group comprises about 22.6% of Riverstone Holdings LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Riverstone Holdings LLC owned 19.39% of Pattern Energy Group worth $381,488,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of the stock. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP increased its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 34.2% in the second quarter. Dimensional Fund Advisors LP now owns 1,373,109 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,539,000 after buying an additional 350,136 shares during the period. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 13.8% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 8,304 shares of the company’s stock worth $191,000 after buying an additional 1,010 shares during the period. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 5.1% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 37,659 shares of the company’s stock worth $865,000 after buying an additional 1,818 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 639.5% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 6,508 shares of the company’s stock worth $149,000 after buying an additional 5,628 shares during the period. Finally, CI Investments Inc. increased its stake in Pattern Energy Group by 1.2% in the second quarter. CI Investments Inc. now owns 6,288,907 shares of the company’s stock worth $144,456,000 after buying an additional 73,800 shares during the period. Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) traded up 0.41% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $19.71. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 528,420 shares. Pattern Energy Group Inc. has a 52 week low of $14.56 and a 52 week high of $25.13. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.72 billion. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $19.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $21.82. Pattern Energy Group (NASDAQ:PEGI) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported ($0.05) earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of ($0.06) by $0.01. The business had revenue of $91.90 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $98.36 million. Pattern Energy Group had a positive return on equity of 0.16% and a negative net margin of 7.83%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 2.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned ($0.40) EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Pattern Energy Group Inc. will post ($0.39) EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 31st. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 30th will be given a dividend of $0.408 per share. This represents a $1.63 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 8.28%. This is a boost from Pattern Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.40. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 28th. Pattern Energy Group’s dividend payout ratio is presently -428.95%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark law. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/pattern-energy-group-inc-pegi-position-maintained-by-riverstone-holdings-llc.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Pattern Energy Group from a “strong sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, October 8th. RBC Capital Markets restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $35.00 price target on shares of Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Tuesday, November 8th. J P Morgan Chase & Co downgraded Pattern Energy Group from an “overweight” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their price target for the company from $26.00 to $24.00 in a research note on Friday, December 16th. Finally, Credit Suisse Group assumed coverage on Pattern Energy Group in a research note on Thursday, November 17th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $22.00 price target on the stock. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and nine have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $26.56. In related news, insider Esben W. Pedersen sold 1,200 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $23.01, for a total value of $27,612.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 127,053 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,923,489.53. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, Director Alan R. Batkin bought 5,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 21st. The stock was acquired at an average price of $19.02 per share, for a total transaction of $95,100.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 26,277 shares in the company, valued at $499,788.54. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. 1.79% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Pattern Energy Group Company Profile Pattern Energy Group Inc is an independent power company focused on owning and operating power projects. The Company holds interests in over 18 wind power projects located in the United States, Canada and Chile with total capacity of over 2,644 megawatts (MW). Each of its projects has contracted to sell its output pursuant to a power sale agreement. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PEGI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Pattern Energy Group Inc. (NASDAQ:PEGI) (TSE:PEG). Receive News & Ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Pattern Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Symmetry Peak Management LLC Takes Position in SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. (SITE) Next » Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. (AMG) Shares Bought by RiverPark Advisors LLC Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance WEC Energy Group Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Inspirion Wealth Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Inspirion Wealth Advisors LLC maintained its position in shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 6,342 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. Inspirion Wealth Advisors LLC’s holdings in WEC Energy Group were worth $380,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 8.0% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 10,974,689 shares of the company’s stock valued at $657,164,000 after buying an additional 810,307 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 2.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 8,752,626 shares of the company’s stock valued at $524,107,000 after buying an additional 242,052 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 18.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,404,299 shares of the company’s stock valued at $323,609,000 after buying an additional 837,177 shares during the period. Neuberger Berman Group LLC increased its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 1.2% in the third quarter. Neuberger Berman Group LLC now owns 3,389,544 shares of the company’s stock valued at $202,966,000 after buying an additional 38,917 shares during the period. Finally, UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. increased its position in shares of WEC Energy Group by 32.0% in the third quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 3,326,564 shares of the company’s stock valued at $199,195,000 after buying an additional 806,429 shares during the period. 69.55% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC) traded down 0.50% on Wednesday, reaching $58.14. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 1,324,374 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $18.35 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.95 and a beta of 0.04. WEC Energy Group, Inc. has a 1-year low of $52.96 and a 1-year high of $66.10. The company has a 50 day moving average of $58.27 and a 200 day moving average of $59.58. WEC Energy Group (NYSE:WEC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, October 26th. The company reported $0.69 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.61 by $0.08. WEC Energy Group had a return on equity of 10.76% and a net margin of 12.58%. The company earned $1.71 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $2.15 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.61 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities research analysts expect that WEC Energy Group, Inc. will post $2.94 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, March 1st. Shareholders of record on Tuesday, February 14th will be paid a $0.52 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Friday, February 10th. This represents a $2.08 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.58%. This is a boost from WEC Energy Group’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.50. WEC Energy Group’s payout ratio is currently 68.04%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Inspirion Wealth Advisors LLC Continues to Hold Stake in WEC Energy Group, Inc. (WEC)” was first posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/inspirion-wealth-advisors-llc-continues-to-hold-stake-in-wec-energy-group-inc-wec.html. A number of brokerages have recently commented on WEC. KeyCorp reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of WEC Energy Group in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Zacks Investment Research cut shares of WEC Energy Group from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, December 27th. Finally, Guggenheim began coverage on shares of WEC Energy Group in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. They set a “buy” rating and a $63.00 price objective on the stock. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and five have given a buy rating to the company. WEC Energy Group currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $61.78. In other WEC Energy Group news, insider Allen L. Leverett sold 29,715 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, January 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $58.32, for a total value of $1,732,978.80. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 78,247 shares in the company, valued at $4,563,365.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. 0.81% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. WEC Energy Group Company Profile WEC Energy Group, Inc, formerly Wisconsin Energy Corporation, is a holding company, which has electric and natural gas utility operations. The Company’s segments are Wisconsin, Illinois, other states, electric transmission, We Power, and corporate and other. The Company’s Wisconsin segment includes the electric and natural gas utility, and non-utility operations of Wisconsin Electric Power Company (Wisconsin Electric), Wisconsin Gas LLC (Wisconsin Gas) and Wisconsin Public Service Corporation (WPS), including Wisconsin Electric’s electric and WPS’s electric and natural gas operations in the state of Michigan. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WEC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for WEC Energy Group, Inc. (NYSE:WEC). Receive News & Ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for WEC Energy Group Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Nevsun Resources - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nevsun Resources with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Nevsun Resources (NSU) Shares Bought by U S Global Investors Inc. Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet U S Global Investors Inc. raised its stake in Nevsun Resources (TSE:NSU) (TSE:NSU) by 26.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 433,900 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 92,100 shares during the period. U S Global Investors Inc. owned approximately 0.14% of Nevsun Resources worth $1,315,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also bought and sold shares of the company. Sprott Inc. raised its stake in shares of Nevsun Resources by 298.1% in the third quarter. Sprott Inc. now owns 10,469,054 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,721,000 after buying an additional 7,839,628 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of Nevsun Resources by 125,521.6% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,652,972 shares of the company’s stock worth $16,620,000 after buying an additional 5,648,472 shares during the last quarter. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in shares of Nevsun Resources during the third quarter worth approximately $8,771,000. Bank of Montreal Can purchased a new stake in shares of Nevsun Resources during the second quarter worth approximately $3,288,000. Finally, Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in shares of Nevsun Resources during the second quarter worth approximately $2,387,000. Nevsun Resources (TSE:NSU) traded up 1.86% on Wednesday, hitting $4.38. 639,033 shares of the company were exchanged. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $4.33 and its 200 day moving average is $4.11. The company has a market capitalization of $1.32 billion and a P/E ratio of 59.19. Nevsun Resources has a 52 week low of $3.54 and a 52 week high of $4.81. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, January 13th. Investors of record on Friday, December 30th were given a dividend of $0.04 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 28th. This represents a $0.16 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.65%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Nevsun Resources (NSU) Shares Bought by U S Global Investors Inc.” was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/nevsun-resources-nsu-shares-bought-by-u-s-global-investors-inc.html. A number of brokerages have commented on NSU. Scotiabank reissued a “sector perform” rating and set a C$5.00 price objective on shares of Nevsun Resources in a report on Friday, January 13th. Canaccord Genuity boosted their price objective on Nevsun Resources from C$4.50 to C$4.75 in a report on Monday, December 12th. Zacks Investment Research lowered Nevsun Resources from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. TD Securities reissued a “buy” rating and set a C$5.50 price objective on shares of Nevsun Resources in a report on Friday, October 28th. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. decreased their price objective on Nevsun Resources from C$5.00 to C$4.50 and set a “market perform” rating for the company in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Buy” and an average target price of C$5.28. About Nevsun Resources Nevsun Resources Ltd is a Canada-based base metals mining company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and operation of mineral property interests. Its segment is the mining business in Africa. Its principal property is the Bisha Property, which hosts a gold, copper and zinc deposit, and includes satellite volcanogenic massive sulfides (VMS) deposits at Harena, Northwest, Hambok, Aderat and Asheli. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NSU? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Nevsun Resources (TSE:NSU) (TSE:NSU). Receive News & Ratings for Nevsun Resources Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Nevsun Resources and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Gotham Asset Management LLC Cuts Position in Accenture PLC (ACN) Next » Westlake Chemical Corporation (WLK) Shares Bought by U S Global Investors Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NiSource Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NiSource Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (CRL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Shares Bought by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Hodges Capital Management Inc. Purchases 3,577 Shares of Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Benson Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires New Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) First Command Bank Invests $121,000 in Tribune Media Company (TRCO) Blackhill Capital Inc. Has $286,000 Position in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Epoch Investment Partners Inc. Raises Stake in Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target Cut to $65.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) Price Target Increased to $89.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC MYR Group, Inc. (MYRG) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at FBR & Co Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) Upgraded to Overweight by Piper Jaffray Companies Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Price Target Cut to $113.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Price Target Cut to $34.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Given “Hold” Rating at Brean Capital ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Price Target Raised to $86.00 at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Canadian National Railway Company to Post FY2019 Earnings of $5.72 Per Share, CLSA Forecasts (CNR) Quanta Services, Inc. (PWR) Price Target Increased to $41.00 by Analysts at FBR & Co HighTower Advisors LLC Has $1,943,000 Position in NiSource, Inc (NI) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet HighTower Advisors LLC decreased its position in shares of NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI) by 9.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The firm owned 80,543 shares of the company’s stock after selling 8,432 shares during the period. HighTower Advisors LLC’s holdings in NiSource were worth $1,943,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the company. Cohen & Steers Inc. boosted its position in NiSource by 14,608.3% in the second quarter. Cohen & Steers Inc. now owns 97,537,000 shares of the company’s stock worth $95,586,000 after buying an additional 96,873,859 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp boosted its position in NiSource by 14.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 16,070,267 shares of the company’s stock worth $426,183,000 after buying an additional 2,088,701 shares during the last quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. boosted its position in NiSource by 29.4% in the second quarter. Alliancebernstein L.P. now owns 4,957,873 shares of the company’s stock worth $131,483,000 after buying an additional 1,125,459 shares during the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. bought a new position in NiSource during the second quarter worth approximately $23,356,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in NiSource by 7.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 10,423,584 shares of the company’s stock worth $251,311,000 after buying an additional 745,730 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 82.97% of the company’s stock. NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI) traded down 0.22% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, hitting $22.20. 1,956,864 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The stock has a market cap of $7.16 billion, a PE ratio of 23.59 and a beta of 0.24. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $22.13 and its 200-day moving average price is $23.39. NiSource, Inc has a one year low of $19.99 and a one year high of $26.94. NiSource (NYSE:NI) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.06 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $0.07 by $0.01. NiSource had a net margin of 6.87% and a return on equity of 8.76%. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.06 earnings per share. On average, analysts forecast that NiSource, Inc will post $1.07 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “HighTower Advisors LLC Has $1,943,000 Position in NiSource, Inc (NI)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark laws. The original version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/hightower-advisors-llc-has-1943000-position-in-nisource-inc-ni.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on NI shares. Jefferies Group LLC upgraded shares of NiSource from an “underperform” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Thursday, October 13th. US Capital Advisors upgraded shares of NiSource from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Guggenheim upgraded shares of NiSource from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, January 9th. Evercore ISI upgraded shares of NiSource from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 2nd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. upgraded shares of NiSource from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and five have issued a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $24.86. In related news, EVP Pablo Vegas acquired 21,541 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was acquired at an average cost of $21.75 per share, with a total value of $468,516.75. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 71,397 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,552,884.75. The purchase was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, Director Michael E. Jesanis acquired 12,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 9th. The shares were bought at an average cost of $22.53 per share, with a total value of $270,360.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 26,725 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $602,114.25. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders own 0.32% of the company’s stock. NiSource Company Profile NiSource Inc is an energy holding company. The Company is engaged in the distribution of natural gas. The Company operates through two business segments: Gas Distribution Operations and Electric Operations. The Gas Distribution Operations segment provides natural gas service and transportation for residential, commercial and industrial customers in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, Maryland, Indiana and Massachusetts. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NI? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NiSource, Inc (NYSE:NI). Receive News & Ratings for NiSource Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NiSource Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Caseys General Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Hodges Capital Management Inc. Cuts Position in ClubCorp Holdings, Inc. (MYCC) Hodges Capital Management Inc. Acquires 1,792,770 Shares of Amplify Snack Brands, inc. (BETR) Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. (CRL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. JetBlue Airways Corporation (JBLU) Shares Bought by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Shoe Carnival, Inc. (SCVL) Shares Sold by Hodges Capital Management Inc. Hodges Capital Management Inc. Purchases 3,577 Shares of Matador Resources Company (MTDR) Benson Investment Management Company Inc. Acquires New Stake in TE Connectivity Ltd. (TEL) First Command Bank Invests $121,000 in Tribune Media Company (TRCO) Blackhill Capital Inc. Has $286,000 Position in Middlesex Water Company (MSEX) Epoch Investment Partners Inc. Raises Stake in Comcast Corporation (CMCSA) QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Price Target Cut to $65.00 by Analysts at Stifel Nicolaus PDC Energy, Inc. (PDCE) Price Target Increased to $89.00 by Analysts at Barclays PLC MYR Group, Inc. (MYRG) Price Target Raised to $45.00 at FBR & Co Clovis Oncology, Inc. (CLVS) Upgraded to Overweight by Piper Jaffray Companies Primerica, Inc. (PRI) Coverage Initiated by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) Price Target Cut to $113.00 by Analysts at Citigroup Inc. Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Shares Sold by Profund Advisors LLC BorgWarner Inc. (BWA) Price Target Cut to $34.00 by Analysts at Morgan Stanley QUALCOMM Incorporated (QCOM) Given “Hold” Rating at Brean Capital ServiceNow, Inc. (NOW) Price Target Raised to $86.00 at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Caseys General Stores, Inc. (CASY) Position Lowered by Riverhead Capital Management LLC January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Riverhead Capital Management LLC cut its position in shares of Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) by 68.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 1,990 shares of the company’s stock after selling 4,280 shares during the period. Riverhead Capital Management LLC’s holdings in Caseys General Stores were worth $239,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently modified their holdings of CASY. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of Caseys General Stores by 0.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 3,155,845 shares of the company’s stock valued at $415,025,000 after buying an additional 8,720 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Caseys General Stores by 4.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 1,432,489 shares of the company’s stock valued at $172,114,000 after buying an additional 58,661 shares in the last quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Caseys General Stores by 281.7% in the third quarter. Vontobel Asset Management Inc. now owns 1,239,978 shares of the company’s stock valued at $153,090,000 after buying an additional 915,147 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Caseys General Stores by 16.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,160,833 shares of the company’s stock valued at $139,475,000 after buying an additional 160,395 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Caseys General Stores by 2.1% in the second quarter. Janus Capital Management LLC now owns 829,605 shares of the company’s stock valued at $109,101,000 after buying an additional 17,129 shares in the last quarter. 85.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY) traded down 2.21% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $112.60. The company had a trading volume of 1,123,888 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $4.41 billion, a P/E ratio of 21.23 and a beta of 0.44. The firm’s 50 day moving average is $119.88 and its 200-day moving average is $122.83. Caseys General Stores, Inc. has a 12-month low of $98.80 and a 12-month high of $136.22. Caseys General Stores (NASDAQ:CASY) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, December 7th. The company reported $1.44 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.59 by $0.15. The business earned $1.92 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.94 billion. Caseys General Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 18.75%. Caseys General Stores’s quarterly revenue was down .2% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $2.00 EPS. On average, analysts expect that Caseys General Stores, Inc. will post $5.31 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Wednesday, February 1st will be paid a $0.24 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Monday, January 30th. This represents a $0.96 annualized dividend and a yield of 0.85%. Caseys General Stores’s dividend payout ratio is 18.11%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This news story was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/caseys-general-stores-inc-casy-position-lowered-by-riverhead-capital-management-llc.html. Several research analysts have commented on the company. BMO Capital Markets set a $118.00 price target on Caseys General Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a research report on Friday, December 9th. RBC Capital Markets dropped their price target on Caseys General Stores from $139.00 to $137.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Caseys General Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 19th. Jefferies Group LLC raised Caseys General Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $134.00 price target on the stock in a research report on Friday, September 30th. Finally, Royal Bank Of Canada dropped their price target on Caseys General Stores from $139.00 to $137.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, December 8th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $135.10. Caseys General Stores Company Profile Casey’s General Stores, Inc and its subsidiaries, operate convenience stores under the name Casey’s General Store in approximately 10 Midwestern states, in Iowa, Missouri, and Illinois. The Company also operates approximately two stores selling primarily tobacco products. The stores carry a range of food, including freshly prepared foods such as pizza, donuts, and sandwiches, beverages, tobacco products, health and beauty aids, automotive products and other nonfood items. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CASY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Caseys General Stores, Inc. (NASDAQ:CASY). Receive News & Ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Caseys General Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing SpartanNash Company - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SpartanNash Company with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings SpartanNash Company (SPTN) Position Maintained by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet State of Tennessee Treasury Department held its stake in SpartanNash Company (NASDAQ:SPTN) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 30,130 shares of the company’s stock at the end of the third quarter. State of Tennessee Treasury Department owned approximately 0.08% of SpartanNash Company worth $871,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its stake in SpartanNash Company by 8.6% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,634,607 shares of the company’s stock valued at $76,193,000 after buying an additional 209,423 shares during the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its position in SpartanNash Company by 8.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,177,152 shares of the company’s stock valued at $66,577,000 after buying an additional 167,741 shares during the period. LSV Asset Management raised its position in SpartanNash Company by 3.8% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 1,625,984 shares of the company’s stock valued at $47,023,000 after buying an additional 59,800 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. raised its position in SpartanNash Company by 19.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 1,169,993 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,836,000 after buying an additional 188,973 shares during the period. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in SpartanNash Company by 3.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,128,891 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,648,000 after buying an additional 33,032 shares during the period. 85.13% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. SpartanNash Company (NASDAQ:SPTN) traded up 0.10% on Wednesday, reaching $38.72. 61,726 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $38.88 and a 200-day moving average of $33.01. The firm has a market capitalization of $1.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.03 and a beta of 1.02. SpartanNash Company has a 12 month low of $18.73 and a 12 month high of $40.38. SpartanNash Company (NASDAQ:SPTN) last released its earnings results on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.53 EPS for the quarter, meeting the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.53. The firm earned $1.80 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.81 billion. SpartanNash Company had a net margin of 0.79% and a return on equity of 10.21%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 1.4% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $0.49 EPS. On average, equities analysts expect that SpartanNash Company will post $2.14 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Investors of record on Friday, December 9th were paid a dividend of $0.15 per share. This represents a $0.60 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.55%. The ex-dividend date was Wednesday, December 7th. SpartanNash Company’s payout ratio is currently 37.27%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This piece of content was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/spartannash-company-sptn-position-maintained-by-state-of-tennessee-treasury-department.html. SPTN has been the subject of several research reports. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of SpartanNash Company from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. Pivotal Research lifted their price target on shares of SpartanNash Company from $30.00 to $40.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC set a $27.00 price target on shares of SpartanNash Company and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, October 1st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the stock. SpartanNash Company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $33.40. In related news, VP David Des Couch sold 12,480 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, December 13th. The shares were sold at an average price of $37.44, for a total transaction of $467,251.20. Following the completion of the transaction, the vice president now directly owns 58,578 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,193,160.32. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through the SEC website. 3.30% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About SpartanNash Company Spartannash Company, formerly Spartan Stores, Inc, is a multi-regional grocery distributor and grocery retailer, and a distributor of grocery products to military commissaries in the United States. The Company’s core businesses include distributing food to military commissaries and exchanges, and independent and corporate-owned retail stores located in over 40 states and the District of Columbia, Europe, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Bahrain, Egypt, Honduras, Afghanistan and Bosnia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SPTN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SpartanNash Company (NASDAQ:SPTN). Receive News & Ratings for SpartanNash Company Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SpartanNash Company and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous State of Tennessee Treasury Department Maintains Stake in Air Methods Corporation (AIRM) Next » Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Cuts Position in EastGroup Properties, Inc. (EGP) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing EastGroup Properties Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for EastGroup Properties Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Cuts Position in EastGroup Properties, Inc. (EGP) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. cut its position in shares of EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE:EGP) by 79.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 3,298 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,655 shares during the period. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc.’s holdings in EastGroup Properties were worth $243,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in shares of EastGroup Properties by 3.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,973,293 shares of the company’s stock worth $342,758,000 after buying an additional 159,146 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of EastGroup Properties by 3.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 2,291,891 shares of the company’s stock worth $168,592,000 after buying an additional 73,560 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of EastGroup Properties by 1.4% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,195,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $161,511,000 after buying an additional 30,932 shares in the last quarter. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC increased its position in shares of EastGroup Properties by 10.4% in the second quarter. Silvercrest Asset Management Group LLC now owns 1,256,724 shares of the company’s stock worth $86,613,000 after buying an additional 118,224 shares in the last quarter. Finally, State Street Corp increased its position in shares of EastGroup Properties by 1.1% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 1,072,762 shares of the company’s stock worth $73,930,000 after buying an additional 11,202 shares in the last quarter. 95.51% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE:EGP) traded down 0.98% on Wednesday, hitting $74.72. 58,726 shares of the stock traded hands. EastGroup Properties, Inc. has a 12-month low of $49.31 and a 12-month high of $76.13. The firm has a market cap of $2.45 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 26.38 and a beta of 0.96. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $73.78 and a 200-day moving average of $71.27. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which was paid on Friday, December 30th. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 16th were given a $0.62 dividend. This represents a $2.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 3.29%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend was Wednesday, December 14th. EastGroup Properties’s dividend payout ratio is 87.94%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This story was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this story on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international copyright & trademark legislation. The original version of this story can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/los-angeles-capital-management-equity-research-inc-cuts-position-in-eastgroup-properties-inc-egp.html. A number of equities analysts have recently commented on EGP shares. Cantor Fitzgerald raised shares of EastGroup Properties from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and raised their target price for the company from $63.00 to $71.00 in a research note on Friday, October 21st. Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of EastGroup Properties in a research note on Monday, January 9th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of EastGroup Properties from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $79.00 price target on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, December 7th. Mizuho reaffirmed a “buy” rating on shares of EastGroup Properties in a research note on Friday, December 23rd. Finally, Citigroup Inc. downgraded shares of EastGroup Properties from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating and set a $73.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Two analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nine have assigned a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $68.55. In other news, Director H C. Bailey, Jr. sold 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Friday, December 9th. The shares were sold at an average price of $73.34, for a total value of $183,350.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 4,959 shares in the company, valued at $363,693.06. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this link. Also, Director H C. Bailey, Jr. sold 1,059 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 15th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.80, for a total transaction of $76,036.20. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 2,900 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $208,220. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders own 3.60% of the company’s stock. EastGroup Properties Company Profile EastGroup Properties, Inc is an equity real estate investment trust. The Company is focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in various Sunbelt markets across the United States with an emphasis in the states of Florida, Texas, Arizona, California and North Carolina. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EGP? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE:EGP). Receive News & Ratings for EastGroup Properties Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for EastGroup Properties Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous SpartanNash Company (SPTN) Position Maintained by State of Tennessee Treasury Department Next » Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. Invests $253,000 in Cynosure, Inc. (CYNO) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing CST Brands Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for CST Brands Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Zacks: Kayne Anderson Energy Development Co. (KED) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Brokerages Yanzhou Coal Mining Company Limited (YZC) Given Average Rating of “Sell” by Brokerages Brokerages Anticipate Kindred Biosciences, Inc. (KIN) to Announce ($0.45) EPS Zacks: 1st Constitution Bancorp (NJ) (FCCY) Given Average Rating of “Hold” by Brokerages Stephens Reaffirms “Overweight” Rating for Halliburton Company (HAL) General Motors Company (GM) PT Raised to $42.00 at Morgan Stanley Clarus Securities Comments on Cardinal Energy Ltd’s FY2016 Earnings (CJ) TherapeuticsMD Inc (TXMD) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC J P Morgan Chase & Co (JPM) Cut to Hold at Vetr Inc. Parsley Energy, Inc. (PE) Forecasted to Post FY2016 Earnings of $0.05 Per Share ConnectOne Bancorp, Inc. (CNOB) Posts Quarterly Earnings Results GATX Co. (GATX) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Lookers PLC (LOOK) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Canaccord Genuity Peel Hunt Boosts John Menzies plc (MNZS) Price Target to GBX 630 Peel Hunt Reaffirms Buy Rating for Mears Group PLC (MER) Renault Sa Unspon (RNLSY) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Upgrades PennantPark Investment Corporation (PNNT) to Hold Cabot Oil & Gas Corporation (COG) Expected to Post FY2016 Earnings of ($0.22) Per Share Stifel Nicolaus Increases Ixia (XXIA) Price Target to $20.00 CST Brands, Inc. (CST) Position Lowered by Teachers Advisors LLC Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Teachers Advisors LLC reduced its position in shares of CST Brands, Inc. (NYSE:CST) by 13.9% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 73,314 shares of the company’s stock after selling 11,870 shares during the period. Teachers Advisors LLC owned 0.10% of CST Brands worth $3,526,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other large investors have also made changes to their positions in the company. American Century Companies Inc. increased its stake in shares of CST Brands by 18.2% in the second quarter. American Century Companies Inc. now owns 4,643,695 shares of the company’s stock worth $200,050,000 after buying an additional 715,873 shares in the last quarter. Marshall Wace LLP increased its stake in shares of CST Brands by 85.3% in the second quarter. Marshall Wace LLP now owns 1,325,116 shares of the company’s stock worth $57,085,000 after buying an additional 609,907 shares in the last quarter. Litespeed Management L.L.C. increased its stake in shares of CST Brands by 402.9% in the second quarter. Litespeed Management L.L.C. now owns 722,477 shares of the company’s stock worth $31,124,000 after buying an additional 578,820 shares in the last quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of CST Brands by 8.1% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 5,495,939 shares of the company’s stock worth $236,766,000 after buying an additional 409,731 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of CST Brands by 297.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 440,939 shares of the company’s stock worth $21,205,000 after buying an additional 330,114 shares in the last quarter. 86.02% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. CST Brands, Inc. (NYSE:CST) traded down 0.29% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $48.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 98,863 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $3.65 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 11.06 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $48.22 and its 200-day moving average price is $47.32. CST Brands, Inc. has a 12 month low of $29.73 and a 12 month high of $48.43. CST Brands (NYSE:CST) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.51 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.59 by $0.08. CST Brands had a net margin of 3.63% and a return on equity of 8.16%. The company had revenue of $2.47 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $2.54 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.12 EPS. CST Brands’s revenue was down 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts predict that CST Brands, Inc. will post $1.60 EPS for the current year. WARNING: “CST Brands, Inc. (CST) Position Lowered by Teachers Advisors LLC” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/cst-brands-inc-cst-position-lowered-by-teachers-advisors-llc.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research downgraded CST Brands from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 2nd. One research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, eight have given a hold rating and one has issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $43.88. In other news, Director Joseph V. Jr. Topper sold 47,421 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, December 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $48.12, for a total transaction of $2,281,898.52. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 1,082,547 shares in the company, valued at approximately $52,092,161.64. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Gerard J. Sonnier sold 6,603 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, December 29th. The shares were sold at an average price of $48.27, for a total value of $318,726.81. Following the sale, the senior vice president now owns 14,575 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $703,535.25. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 90,264 shares of company stock valued at $4,343,769 in the last quarter. Insiders own 2.09% of the company’s stock. CST Brands Company Profile CST Brands, Inc (CST) is a holding company. The Company is an independent retail of motor fuel and convenience merchandise in the United States and eastern Canada. Its retail operations include the sale of motor fuel at convenience stores, commission agents and cardlocks; the sale of food, convenience merchandise items and services at convenience stores, and the sale of heating oil to residential customers and heating oil and motor fuel to small commercial customers. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding CST? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for CST Brands, Inc. (NYSE:CST). Receive News & Ratings for CST Brands Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for CST Brands Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3,491,000 Position in Cousins Properties Incorporated (CUZ) Next » Rhumbline Advisers Has $2,173,000 Stake in Kennedy-Wilson Holdings Inc. (KW) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Chase, Mint reach deal for faster data-sharing By KEN SWEET The Associated Press First Published Jan 25 2017 12:15PM    •    Last Updated Jan 25 2017 12:15 pm Apps for Mint Bills and Chase bank are displayed on a mobile phone screen, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, in New York. Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase agreed Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disputes with more financial data companies. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Apps for Mint Bills and Chase bank are displayed on a mobile phone screen, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, in New York. Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase agreed Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disputes with more financial data companies. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) New York • Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase reached an accord Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disagreements with financial data companies. The deal had no financial component. Chase and Intuit have agreed to develop software that will let Chase customers directly send their data to Mint for budgeting and financial tracking purposes, without Intuit having to hold onto that person's name and password through third-party software, which is how it had often been structured. Intuit also agreed to never to sell Chase customer data. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Mint and other popular personal finance websites pull customers' financial data from all their various banks, brokerages and credit card companies to create a fuller picture of a person's financial life. That allows customers to more actively budget, or even create short-term and long-term financial goals. While convenient, the way these services worked had several flaws. The companies would store, either directly or through a third party, the bank customers' login information — which could expose crucial personal information to identity thieves or other criminals. The data also would be gathered by actively logging into a bank's online service, which put a strain on the bank's servers. The data the companies would gather would happen whether or not the customer was actively using the service, so a Mint account someone hadn't touched in months could still be actively gathering data on that Chase customer. JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon had been a particularly vocal critic of these services. In his annual shareholder letter, Dimon said he was "extremely concerned" about how much data they were gathering. "When we all readily click 'I agree' online or on our mobile devices ... it is fairly clear that most of us have no idea what we are agreeing to or how that information might be used by a third party," Dimon said. The Chase-Intuit agreement could set a standard for other banks to reach accords with Mint and other personal finance sites. Companies like Citigroup, Bank of America and Wells Fargo had expressed similar reservations about these services and concern that their customers' data might be at risk. An Intuit spokesman also said this announcement could act as a framework for other deals. A Chase spokeswoman said it plans to roll out the upgrade in the coming months. The upgrade will go first to existing Chase customers who are signing up for Mint for the first time, followed by existing Mint customers.   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Dana Milbank: Don't get distracted by Trump's 'dead cats' ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GoDaddy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GoDaddy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. GoDaddy Inc. (GDDY) Shares Sold by New York State Common Retirement Fund January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet New York State Common Retirement Fund reduced its position in GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE:GDDY) by 6.6% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 92,200 shares of the company’s stock after selling 6,500 shares during the period. New York State Common Retirement Fund owned about 0.11% of GoDaddy worth $3,184,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of GDDY. Technology Crossover Management VII Ltd. increased its stake in shares of GoDaddy by 194.2% in the second quarter. Technology Crossover Management VII Ltd. now owns 14,267,080 shares of the company’s stock worth $444,990,000 after buying an additional 9,418,073 shares during the period. FMR LLC increased its stake in shares of GoDaddy by 60.4% in the second quarter. FMR LLC now owns 12,238,511 shares of the company’s stock worth $381,719,000 after buying an additional 4,609,309 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of GoDaddy by 12.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 7,006,725 shares of the company’s stock worth $241,941,000 after buying an additional 798,491 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of GoDaddy by 60.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 4,725,249 shares of the company’s stock worth $147,381,000 after buying an additional 1,786,473 shares during the period. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP increased its stake in shares of GoDaddy by 39.0% in the third quarter. First Trust Advisors LP now owns 1,468,546 shares of the company’s stock worth $50,709,000 after buying an additional 411,982 shares during the period. Shares of GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE:GDDY) traded up 2.63% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $35.86. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 682,480 shares. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $35.26 and a 200-day moving average of $33.77. The stock’s market cap is $3.14 billion. GoDaddy Inc. has a one year low of $23.88 and a one year high of $37.40. GoDaddy (NYSE:GDDY) last released its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.05 EPS for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.03 by $0.02. The firm had revenue of $472.10 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $470.07 million. GoDaddy had a negative net margin of 0.81% and a negative return on equity of 2.14%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up 14.8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company earned ($0.04) EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that GoDaddy Inc. will post ($0.05) EPS for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “GoDaddy Inc. (GDDY) Shares Sold by New York State Common Retirement Fund” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/godaddy-inc-gddy-shares-sold-by-new-york-state-common-retirement-fund.html. Several equities research analysts have recently weighed in on GDDY shares. Monness Crespi & Hardt downgraded GoDaddy from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 1st. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Piper Jaffray Companies reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $50.00 price target (up from $40.00) on shares of GoDaddy in a report on Monday, October 24th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded GoDaddy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 price target on the stock in a report on Wednesday, October 5th. Vetr downgraded GoDaddy from a “strong-buy” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $39.00 price target on the stock. in a report on Thursday, October 6th. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG increased their price target on GoDaddy from $39.00 to $42.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, four have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $40.36. In other GoDaddy news, COO Scott Wagner sold 8,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, January 18th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.14, for a total value of $281,120.00. Following the sale, the chief operating officer now owns 10,355 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $363,874.70. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, insider Barbara J. Rechterman sold 39,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, November 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $35.20, for a total value of $1,372,800.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 69,650 shares in the company, valued at approximately $2,451,680. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 752,807 shares of company stock worth $26,288,780. 25.70% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. GoDaddy Company Profile GoDaddy Inc is a technology provider to small businesses, Web design professionals and individuals. The Company delivers cloud-based products and personalized customer care. The Company operates a domain marketplace, where its customers can find the digital real estate that matches their idea. It provides Website building, hosting and security tools to help customers construct and protect online presence. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding GDDY? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for GoDaddy Inc. (NYSE:GDDY). Receive News & Ratings for GoDaddy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GoDaddy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
January 27, 2017 | 70° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obits Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE 2016 Election Results Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home 2016 Election Results Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week Business Breaking Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing Associated Press Posted January 25, 2017 January 25, 2017 Updated January 25, 2017 8:55am ASSOCIATED PRESS Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. NEW YORK >> Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase reached an accord Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disagreements with financial data companies. The deal had no financial component. Chase and Intuit have agreed to develop software that will let Chase customers directly send their data to Mint for budgeting and financial tracking purposes, without Intuit having to hold onto that person’s name and password through third-party software, which is how it had often been structured. Intuit also agreed to never to sell Chase customer data. Mint and other popular personal finance websites pull customers’ financial data from all their various banks, brokerages and credit card companies to create a fuller picture of a person’s financial life. That allows customers to more actively budget, or even create short-term and long-term financial goals. While convenient, the way these services worked had several flaws. The companies would store, either directly or through a third party, the bank customers’ login information — which could expose crucial personal information to identity thieves or other criminals. The data also would be gathered by actively logging into a bank’s online service, which put a strain on the bank’s servers. The data the companies would gather would happen whether or not the customer was actively using the service, so a Mint account someone hadn’t touched in months could still be actively gathering data on that Chase customer. JPMorgan Chase’s CEO Jamie Dimon had been a particularly vocal critic of these services. In his annual shareholder letter, Dimon said he was “extremely concerned” about how much data they were gathering. “When we all readily click ‘I agree’ online or on our mobile devices … it is fairly clear that most of us have no idea what we are agreeing to or how that information might be used by a third party,” Dimon said. The Chase-Intuit agreement could set a standard for other banks to reach accords with Mint and other personal finance sites. Companies like Citigroup, Bank of America and Wells Fargo had expressed similar reservations about these services and concern that their customers’ data might be at risk. An Intuit spokesman also said this announcement could act as a framework for other deals. A Chase spokeswoman said it plans to roll out the upgrade in the coming months. The upgrade will go first to existing Chase customers who are signing up for Mint for the first time, followed by existing Mint customers. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV NEXT Most Read Body of motorcyclist found on side of H-1 hours after accident ‘Peace’ woman jumps to soothe, delight by waving along Pali DOE deputy Stephen Schatz accepts UH position Facebook CEO Zuckerberg dropping lawsuits to acquire Kauai parcels Fact check: Trump wrong that 2 killed during Obama speech No comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. Because only subscribers are allowed to comment, we have your personal information and are able to contact you. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. To report comments that you believe do not follow our guidelines, email commentfeedback@staradvertiser.com. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Interactive Intelligence Group Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (ININ) Stake Increased by BlackRock Investment Management LLC January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet BlackRock Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) by 1.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 75,461 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 1,274 shares during the period. BlackRock Investment Management LLC owned about 0.34% of Interactive Intelligence Group worth $4,538,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 5.1% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 9,288 shares of the company’s stock valued at $559,000 after buying an additional 449 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 9.6% in the third quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 29,046 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,747,000 after buying an additional 2,546 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 619.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 307,273 shares of the company’s stock valued at $18,480,000 after buying an additional 264,547 shares during the period. Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 6.2% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 18,537 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,115,000 after buying an additional 1,083 shares during the period. Finally, Texas Permanent School Fund boosted its stake in shares of Interactive Intelligence Group by 0.3% in the third quarter. Texas Permanent School Fund now owns 13,553 shares of the company’s stock valued at $815,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the period. 83.23% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ) traded up 0.08% during mid-day trading on Wednesday, reaching $60.50. Interactive Intelligence Group Inc has a 12-month low of $21.42 and a 12-month high of $60.77. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $60.38 and a 200-day moving average price of $52.92. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (ININ) Stake Increased by BlackRock Investment Management LLC” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/interactive-intelligence-group-inc-inin-stake-increased-by-blackrock-investment-management-llc.html. Separately, William Blair reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Interactive Intelligence Group in a research report on Sunday, December 4th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, ten have issued a hold rating and two have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $46.14. Interactive Intelligence Group Company Profile Interactive Intelligence Group, Inc is a provider of software and cloud services for customer engagement, communications and collaboration. The Company operates in the segment of interaction management software solutions licensing and associated services. It offers approximately three types of products, including on-premises software; a single-tenant cloud service, and a multi-tenant cloud service. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding ININ? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc (NASDAQ:ININ). Receive News & Ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Interactive Intelligence Group Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance U.S. Physical Therapy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for U.S. Physical Therapy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Brokers Issue Forecasts for Canadian National Railway Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (CNI) Knight Transportation, Inc. (KNX) Shares Bought by BlackRock Group LTD BlackRock Group LTD Boosts Position in Statoil ASA (STO) Ascena Retail Group’s (ASNA) “Buy” Rating Reiterated at FIG Partners Corium International, Inc. (CORI) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research Monro Muffler Brake, Inc. (MNRO) Shares Bought by BlackRock Group LTD MakeMyTrip Limited (MMYT) Stake Increased by BlackRock Group LTD BlackRock Group LTD Increases Position in International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) Turtle Beach Corporation (HEAR) Lifted to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Deutsche Bank AG Reaffirms Buy Rating for Intel Corporation (INTC) Illumina, Inc. (ILMN) to Post FY2016 Earnings of $3.30 Per Share, First Analysis Forecasts MarineMax, Inc. Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.33 Per Share (HZO) Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) Forecasted to Earn Q4 2017 Earnings of $0.20 Per Share Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan Increases Position in Torchmark Corporation (TMK) Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. (DPLO) Position Increased by Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan FY2016 EPS Estimates for Petrus Resources Ltd Cut by Cormark (PRQ) SG Americas Securities LLC Takes Position in Rambus, Inc. (RMBS) SG Americas Securities LLC Raises Position in LTC Properties, Inc. (LTC) SG Americas Securities LLC Cuts Stake in Invesco PLC (IVZ) SG Americas Securities LLC Takes Position in Prestige Brand Holdings, Inc. (PBH) U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Stake Cut by Swiss National Bank January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Swiss National Bank lowered its position in U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (NYSE:USPH) by 3.3% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 20,800 shares of the company’s stock after selling 700 shares during the period. Swiss National Bank owned approximately 0.17% of U.S. Physical Therapy worth $1,304,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Teacher Retirement System of Texas boosted its position in U.S. Physical Therapy by 13.7% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 1,733 shares of the company’s stock valued at $104,000 after buying an additional 209 shares during the last quarter. Sei Investments Co. boosted its position in U.S. Physical Therapy by 115.3% in the third quarter. Sei Investments Co. now owns 1,701 shares of the company’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 911 shares during the last quarter. Mason Street Advisors LLC acquired a new position in U.S. Physical Therapy during the second quarter valued at approximately $147,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in U.S. Physical Therapy by 19,252.9% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 3,290 shares of the company’s stock valued at $206,000 after buying an additional 3,273 shares during the last quarter. Finally, AHL Partners LLP acquired a new position in U.S. Physical Therapy during the second quarter valued at approximately $239,000. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 93.55% of the company’s stock. U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (NYSE:USPH) traded up 0.07% during trading on Wednesday, hitting $68.05. The stock had a trading volume of 20,399 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $70.09 and a 200-day moving average of $63.56. The stock has a market cap of $852.05 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.26 and a beta of 0.90. U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. has a 12 month low of $45.76 and a 12 month high of $73.05. U.S. Physical Therapy (NYSE:USPH) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 3rd. The company reported $0.46 EPS for the quarter, missing analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.49 by $0.03. The business earned $88.30 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $33.94 million. U.S. Physical Therapy had a return on equity of 11.54% and a net margin of 6.84%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up 5.1% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period last year, the firm earned $0.47 EPS. Equities analysts predict that U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. will post $1.93 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (USPH) Stake Cut by Swiss National Bank” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/u-s-physical-therapy-inc-usph-stake-cut-by-swiss-national-bank.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently weighed in on the company. JMP Securities reissued a “hold” rating on shares of U.S. Physical Therapy in a research note on Monday, November 7th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded U.S. Physical Therapy from a “hold” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 9th. Barrington Research upgraded U.S. Physical Therapy from a “market perform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $61.00 target price on the stock in a research note on Friday, November 4th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC lowered their price target on U.S. Physical Therapy to $60.00 and set a “hold” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, November 7th. In other U.S. Physical Therapy news, CFO Lawrance W. Mcafee sold 2,000 shares of U.S. Physical Therapy stock in a transaction on Thursday, November 10th. The shares were sold at an average price of $58.04, for a total value of $116,080.00. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, Director Edward L. Kuntz sold 2,500 shares of U.S. Physical Therapy stock in a transaction on Friday, December 9th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.40, for a total transaction of $171,000.00. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 10,547 shares of company stock valued at $659,654 in the last three months. 4.30% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About U.S. Physical Therapy U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc, through its subsidiaries, operates outpatient physical therapy clinics that provide pre-and post-operative care, and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers and neurological-related injuries. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding USPH? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. (NYSE:USPH). Receive News & Ratings for U.S. Physical Therapy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for U.S. Physical Therapy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Art Rosenfeld, pioneer in energy efficiency, dies 2 taken into custody amid South Bay search for bank robber, SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations AP FACT CHECK: Trump cites man's dubious voter fraud claims US suspends immigration program helping non-Muslim Iranians US no longer has geography as defense, ally in cybercombat Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Against Cal, Stanford needs another big game from Allen All-Star Game’s live spectacle doesn’t translate on TV Steve Kerr to play 4 Warriors at once in All-Star Game California Chrome chasing history in last race Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Hacker impersonates Sunrun CEO, nabs employee W-2 tax forms Kentucky bourbon trail buzzing with more than 1 million visits Google’s Pixel phone shines despite misgauging demand Business News Roundup, Jan. 26 A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘I Am Michael’: fascinating minefield about gay conversion The latest from Dear Abby Controversy unleashed over making of syrupy ‘Dog’s Purpose’ Matthew McConaughey goes grotesque in ‘Gold’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Q&A: Chef Philip Tessier reflects on Team USA’s Bocuse Halal Guys draws long lines at new O’Farrell Street My verdict on the Taco Bell Naked Chicken Chalupa: It’s a China Live set to open Feb. 24 Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Retirees might want to move to 1 of these states rather than stay Bay Area hikes that are even better after the rain 11 amazing treehouse designs Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Rick Steves: The ancient Tuscan towers of San Gimignano Suite Spot: Madrona Manor in Healdsburg Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Thoughtful and extensive’ remodel restores Contemporary grandeur radiates throughout Bernal Heights remodel Former San Francisco 49ers GM Trent Baalke sells San Jose mansion Mirrors, mirrors on all the walls in this 28th-floor, Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Chase-Mint-reach-deal-for-faster-more-secure-10882959.php Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing Ken Sweet, Ap Business Writer Updated 10:50 am, Wednesday, January 25, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Apps for Mint Bills and Chase bank are displayed on a mobile phone screen, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, in New York. Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase agreed Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disputes with more financial data companies. less Apps for Mint Bills and Chase bank are displayed on a mobile phone screen, Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, in New York. Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan, AP Chase, Mint reach deal for faster, more secure data-sharing 1 / 1 Back to Gallery NEW YORK (AP) — Bank customers who use Chase but also want to take advantage of financial tools like Mint or TurboTax will soon be able to send their data faster and more securely between the two companies. JPMorgan Chase reached an accord Wednesday to settle its longstanding dispute with Intuit, which owns Mint, in a blueprint that could allow other big banks to end their disagreements with financial data companies. The deal had no financial component. Chase and Intuit have agreed to develop software that will let Chase customers directly send their data to Mint for budgeting and financial tracking purposes, without Intuit having to hold onto that person's name and password through third-party software, which is how it had often been structured. Intuit also agreed to never to sell Chase customer data. Mint and other popular personal finance websites pull customers' financial data from all their various banks, brokerages and credit card companies to create a fuller picture of a person's financial life. That allows customers to more actively budget, or even create short-term and long-term financial goals. While convenient, the way these services worked had several flaws. The companies would store, either directly or through a third party, the bank customers' login information — which could expose crucial personal information to identity thieves or other criminals. The data also would be gathered by actively logging into a bank's online service, which put a strain on the bank's servers. The data the companies would gather would happen whether or not the customer was actively using the service, so a Mint account someone hadn't touched in months could still be actively gathering data on that Chase customer. JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon had been a particularly vocal critic of these services. In his annual shareholder letter, Dimon said he was "extremely concerned" about how much data they were gathering. "When we all readily click 'I agree' online or on our mobile devices ... it is fairly clear that most of us have no idea what we are agreeing to or how that information might be used by a third party," Dimon said. The Chase-Intuit agreement could set a standard for other banks to reach accords with Mint and other personal finance sites. Companies like Citigroup, Bank of America and Wells Fargo had expressed similar reservations about these services and concern that their customers' data might be at risk. An Intuit spokesman also said this announcement could act as a framework for other deals. A Chase spokeswoman said it plans to roll out the upgrade in the coming months. The upgrade will go first to existing Chase customers who are signing up for Mint for the first time, followed by existing Mint customers. _____ Ken Sweet covers banks and consumer financial issues for The Associated Press. Follow him on Twitter at @kensweet. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S FIRST WEEK Trump bars all refugees from entering U.S. for 4 months SF archbishop: Church will aid undocumented immigrants Archbishop of SF leads vigil at Tenderloin bus stop Zuckerberg ‘concerned’ by Trump immigration moves How a 20-percent Mexico tax could affect CA US-Mexico trade war could hit Mexico economy, spur migration Morford: Week One of Go to Hell, America LATEST NEWS Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘Renaissance people’ SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek Lawsuit accuses Baylor football program of 52 'acts of rape' 2 in custody amid South Bay search for bank robber Actor Anthony Michael Hall sued for assault Climate change conference back on thanks to Al Gore Judge: Calif. can put cancer warning on Roundup Melania eats jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover, public furious Mexican designers envision a Trump border wall Pena Nieto says Trump agreed not to talk about wall funding John Hurt, Oscar nominated for 'Elephant Man,' dies at 77 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Sinking Millennium Tower safe to live in, city report concludes 20 homeowners at Millennium sue developer, SF Orwell’s ‘1984’ is a hot item at SF libraries 2017 isn't '1984' – it's stranger than Orwell imagined TODAY'S TOP PICKS Wild, unexpected consequences of the recent Calif. storms Offbeat and not, 25 'only in SF' spots to take tourists Ex-NBAer and NCAA star found dead at age 50 SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored $69 OFF: This three-day juice cleanse will reset and nourish... This Apple Mail plugin is like a personal assistant for your... Most Popular 1 Melania Trump is eating jewels on Vanity Fair Mexico's cover,... 2 Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing terrorists 3 Wild unexpected consequences of the recent California storms 4 Dead Berkeley couple remembered as ‘true Renaissance people’ 5 Anthony Michael Hall Sued for Assault and Battery Over Alleged... 6 SF 51-year-old’s body found in Mission Bay creek 7 Week One of Go to Hell, America 8 SFPD: 2 shot in Mission District late at night 9 Why SF Supervisor London Breed is offering Trump a room on... 10 Facebook’s Zuckerberg ‘Concerned’ by Trump Immigration... THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 JPMorgan just landed a $1 trillion win in a growing business Prashanth Perumal Jan. 25, 2017, 12:36 PM 11,098 facebook linkedin twitter email print Daniel Pinto, the CEO of JPMorgan's corporate and investment bank.JPMorgan State Street's pain has turned out to be JPMorgan's gain. BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, announced that it would move over $1 trillion of its assets from the custody of State Street to its rival JPMorgan to cut costs for clients. JPMorgan said it expected to take charge of BlackRock's assets over the next two years. "We think the transfer was triggered by a better overall value proposition from JPMorgan for both Blackrock's clients and Blackrock corporate, which includes both pricing and client service," Credit Suisse said in a note responding to the news. The bank has been working on growing its Custody & Fund Services business, and the BlackRock deal provides a huge boost to these efforts. Custody involves things like settlement, safekeeping and asset servicing of securities, and accounting and administration services for funds. "This historic deal expands our relationship with BlackRock and is a validation of the investments we've made and the resources we've added to the custody and fund services business," Daniel Pinto, the CEO of JPMorgan's corporate and investment bank, said in a press release on Wednesday. JPMorgan's business with existing custody-services clients has grown by 10% in the past 12 months, and 95% of its clients also use the bank's investment banking or markets business. The unit enjoys a healthy operating margin of about 25%. J.P. Morgan SEE ALSO: The New York Stock Exchange is slowing down trading for a key market NOW WATCH: Here's how to use one of the many apps to buy and trade bitcoin Loading video... More: JP Morgan State Street Custody Banking Funds facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru JPMorgan just landed a $1 trillion win in a growing business JPMorgan just landed a $1 trillion win in a growing business State Street's pain has turned out to be... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Russia’s parliament votes to decriminalise domestic violence Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump White House weighs 20% import tax to fund US-Mexico border wall The huge disparities in US life expectancy in five charts Trump to call Putin as he considers lifting Russia sanctions  Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read Tesco swoops on food supplier Booker in £3.7bn deal Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes Corporate America employs new tactics to avoid Trump ire Top Swedish executive probed for suspected elk hunting bribery Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read What Lehman Brothers staff did next Chinese shoppers begin to buy luxury brands again — at home UK shrugs off Brexit fears to be fastest growing G7 economy in 2016 Trump adviser Icahn faces conflict of interest scrutiny over biofuels The dangers of writing coal’s obituary Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read What the world hears from Donald Trump Donald Trump’s campaign shifted odds by making big data personal City Insider: UBS’s new office design woes A gentleman’s dress code guide for the office Theresa May will not find it easy to broker a US-UK trade deal Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Blockchain believers hold fast to a utopian vision MBA project at Cern develops device to bring electricity to refugees Virtual reality takes you into the movies Enforcing the ‘sexy secretary’ look at work humiliates women FT 2016 European Business School Ranking: UK top but rivals close in Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read Murdoch & Sons: Lachlan, James and Rupert’s $62bn empire Daniel Hannan, the brains behind Brexit: what’s next for Britain? London without social climbers? One big Fulham The first days in office of Donald Trump and Sean Spicer My daughter, the footballer: sexism and the beautiful game Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times JPMorgan wins $1tn custody mandate from BlackRock Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase a Premium Digital subscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase a Standard Digital subscription for $6.45 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase a Digital Trial subscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Give feedback Support Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Open in app Open in app
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Fidelity Southern Corporation - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fidelity Southern Corporation with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Stake in Fidelity Southern Corporation (LION) Posted by Abby Graham on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. cut its position in Fidelity Southern Corporation (NASDAQ:LION) by 21.6% during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 25,975 shares of the financial services provider’s stock after selling 7,170 shares during the period. Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. owned approximately 0.10% of Fidelity Southern Corporation worth $615,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. RMB Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation by 237.9% in the third quarter. RMB Capital Management LLC now owns 1,225,539 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $22,537,000 after buying an additional 862,825 shares in the last quarter. EJF Capital LLC increased its position in shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation by 100.0% in the third quarter. EJF Capital LLC now owns 1,000,000 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $18,390,000 after buying an additional 500,000 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation by 35.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 690,714 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $10,824,000 after buying an additional 181,885 shares in the last quarter. LSV Asset Management increased its position in shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation by 18.5% in the third quarter. LSV Asset Management now owns 1,148,644 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $21,123,000 after buying an additional 179,000 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Foundry Partners LLC acquired a new position in shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation during the third quarter worth $2,815,000. 62.55% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Fidelity Southern Corporation (NASDAQ:LION) traded down 0.36% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $24.68. 50,014 shares of the stock were exchanged. Fidelity Southern Corporation has a 12 month low of $14.01 and a 12 month high of $24.95. The company has a market cap of $647.33 million, a PE ratio of 16.45 and a beta of 1.09. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $23.58 and its 200 day moving average price is $19.86. Fidelity Southern Corporation (NASDAQ:LION) last released its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, January 19th. The financial services provider reported $0.57 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.16. Fidelity Southern Corporation had a net margin of 13.34% and a return on equity of 14.40%. On average, equities research analysts forecast that Fidelity Southern Corporation will post $1.56 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Wednesday, February 15th. Shareholders of record on Friday, February 3rd will be given a $0.12 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, February 1st. This represents a $0.48 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.94%. Fidelity Southern Corporation’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 32.21%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Cornercap Investment Counsel Inc. Cuts Stake in Fidelity Southern Corporation (LION)” was originally posted by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/cornercap-investment-counsel-inc-cuts-stake-in-fidelity-southern-corporation-lion.html. A number of brokerages have weighed in on LION. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $27.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday. FBR & Co reaffirmed a “hold” rating and set a $24.50 target price on shares of Fidelity Southern Corporation in a research note on Monday. In other news, Director William C. Lankford, Jr. sold 12,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, October 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $18.47, for a total value of $221,640.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 5,228 shares in the company, valued at approximately $96,561.16. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, insider Stephen H. Brolly sold 2,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, November 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $23.05, for a total transaction of $57,625.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 36,496 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $841,232.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 24,500 shares of company stock valued at $504,665. 19.93% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Fidelity Southern Corporation Fidelity Southern Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company operates in the community banking segment. It conducts its operations through its subsidiary bank, Fidelity Bank (the Bank). The Bank provides various financial products and services for retail customers and small to medium-sized businesses, primarily in Atlanta and Jacksonville, Orlando and Sarasota-Bradenton, Florida markets. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding LION? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fidelity Southern Corporation (NASDAQ:LION). Receive News & Ratings for Fidelity Southern Corporation Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fidelity Southern Corporation and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous North Atlantic Drilling Ltd. (NADL) Upgraded to “Buy” by Zacks Investment Research Next » NN Investment Partners Holdings N.V. Has $1,012,000 Stake in Power Integrations, Inc. (POWI) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 30° Air Quality: PSI 44-52 We set you thinking Saturday 28 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream World Trump, Putin to speak amid GOP concerns on sanctions 1485596200 World Syrian army takes over water spring near Damascus: Hezbollah-run media unit 1485595149 World No time to create walls between nations: Iran's Rouhani 1485594578 World U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry 1485595345 China&India China brands take over India’s smartphone market 1485594997 World Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo 1485594224 World 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills 1485591360 China&India China to spend US$37 billion to tackle growing waste problem 1485593206 World Trump to call Japan’s Abe, other world leaders on Saturday 1485590460 World For Chinese New Year, Malaysian PM Najib hopes for a better economy, unity in Malaysia 1485588999 World 16,500 summonses issued during Malaysia’s Chinese New Year enforcement operation 1485588101 World Divided Koreans pay respect to ancestors 1485586306 World Trump bars refugees and citizens of 7 Muslim countries 1485583903 World Plenty of room for ‘bad dudes’ at Guantanamo 1485583305 China&India China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, fireworks 1485582108 World Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK 1485580901 Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines 1485574348 Business Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei 1485573177 Business Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources 1485572257 World Trump refugee order dashes hopes of Iraqis who helped the U.S. 1485571574 Business Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing 1485566739 World Peru and Colombia vow to stand with Mexico after row with Trump 1485566708 World Trump will speak with Japan's Abe on Saturday: White House 1485565285 World Trump tussle gives unpopular Mexican leader much-needed shot in arm 1485563692 World Southern European leaders gather in Lisbon as populism gains 1485562401 Business Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico 1485562735 Business Boeing wins $2.1 billion Pentagon contract for 15 KC-46 refueling aircraft 1485561920 Business Starbucks in crosshairs as Mexico boycott campaign simmers 1485560447 Business Facebook CEO, facing wave of criticism, stops attempt to force Hawaii land sale 1485558748 World Highlights: The Trump presidency on January 27 at 6:11 P.M. EST/2311 GMT 1485558913 World Trump says he is only in early stages of considering lifting Russia sanctions 1485555742 Business Energy pipelines back in investor favor after Trump orders 1485558154 Business Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension 1485557390 Business Mexico's Slim calls Trump negotiator 'not Terminator' 1485557674 Business Border tax ideas roil oil markets, favor Gulf Coast refiners 1485558333 Business Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings 1485552061 World British PM May to raise trade, security with Turkey's Erdogan 1485556449 Business CMBS tied to Trump son-in-law sails through market 1485556130 Business Senator says U.S. Labor Department dismantled website for Wells Fargo workers 1485556384 World Trump says Mexican imports tax one option but others possible 1485557184 World Trump's unpredictability already troubles U.S. friends 1485556617 Business GM, Honda to announce fuel cell technology advance: sources 1485554936 World No U.S. review of treaties, U.N. funding at this time: admin official 1485555537 World North Korea appears to have restarted plutonium reactor: think tank 1485554908 World Fillon's French presidential bid may be hurt by probe into wife's work 1485541015 Business Bosch, Cisco, BNY Mellon, others launch new blockchain consortium 1485553255 Business U.S. supermarket shares dip after Trump threatens Mexico trade 1485552656 Business GM to cut 625 jobs in Canada, move some work to Mexico: union 1485546292 World Swedish ex-finance minister and tycoon named suspects in bribery case 1485550775 World Security official: Mexican cartels inspired horrors in Brazil prison carnage 1485548308 Business JPMorgan clients to get easier access to online finance tools FILE PHOTO - JPMorgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:50 PM, January 25, 2017 NEW YORK - JPMorgan Chase & Co <JPM.N> and Intuit Inc <INTU.O> said on Wednesday they had reached an agreement to allow the bank's customers to quickly put account information into Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online financial management applications without turning over user names and bank passwords. The agreement "aligns closely" with a set of consumer data-sharing principles announced in October by the industry through the Center for Financial Services Innovation, the companies said in a statement. It appears to resolve a conflict between the companies over how to allow customers to use their account information as they like without increasing the risk of someone fraudulently getting into their accounts. Under the plan, JPMorgan customers will give explicit consent to share their data with Intuit while the bank will provide a token, or unique key, to Intuit to access the data, the statement said. The arrangement is a step toward allowing individuals to use their mobile phones to track details of their day-to-day spending habits, which some experts believe could help some individuals save more money. JPMorgan is the biggest U.S. bank by assets and Intuit offers some of the most widely established personal financial management tools. The companies said they will each pursue similar agreements with others in the industry. The Center for Financial Services Innovation is funded by financial industry companies and charitable foundations. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Zodiac family silver key to $9 billion Safran tie-up Yahoo beats Wall Street view, sees Verizon deal closing in second quarter Xiaomi executive Barra joins Facebook to lead virtual reality business Whirlpool to cut 500 EMEA jobs in dryer manufacturing unit Western Digital's profit, revenue beat estimates Wells Fargo to stop giving branches advance notice of inspections Weak exports curb U.S. fourth-quarter economic growth Wall Street Week Ahead: Optimism among S&P 500 CEOs as Trump takes power Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Wall Street ends higher as Trump becomes president Inside Today World U.N. agencies urge Trump to allow refugees entry Syrian army takes over water spring near Damascus: Hezbollah-run media unit No time to create walls between nations: Iran's Rouhani Poland wants Merkel on its side in reforming EU: PM Szydlo 7-year-old Thai boy gets Leicester City support after showing football skills Business FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns: Nikkei Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Boeing machinists in South Carolina to vote in February on unionizing Tycoon Slim says Trump not 'Terminator,' sees opportunities for Mexico Sports Nadal edges Dimitrov to set up dream final against Federer Asian champions Jeonbuk appeal to CAS over ban Tampines Rovers and head coach Akbar part ways Only Venus Williams stands in the way of Serena making history Bolt stripped of gold after Jamaica team mate Carter tests positive Entertainment Grammys, CBS to honour Bee Gees with tribute concert The funniest Stephen Chow comedies to watch this festive weekend Elton John to turn Devil Wears Prada into musical Actor Shia LaBeouf arrested outside New York City museum Radio veteran Melson stayed connected with listeners About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest JPMorgan Chase and Intuit partner to share data via API Have the big banks finally cracked the code on P-to-P payments? The data access debate is about to get a lot more interesting BankThink One-off data-sharing deals aren't enough Slideshow 'Some bankers. SOME': Comments of the week search goes here JPMorgan Chase and Intuit partner to share data via API By Mary Wisniewski Published January 25 2017, 10:14am EST More in Bank technology Data and information management Data ownership Data sharing Data security APIs Tax prep software PFM National banks JPMorgan Chase Print Email Reprints Share Share on JPMorgan Chase is making it easier — and more secure — to share data on digital apps like Mint and QuickBooks. On Wednesday, the New York company and Intuit announced they have formed a partnership to make sharing financial data easier and safer through an application programming interface. The companies said they will introduce Open Authentication and will exchange data through the Open Financial Exchange (OFX) 2.2 API. The functionality, which will be delivered in phases, is an alternative to screen scraping, a practice that requires sharing usernames and passwords with third-party apps and one that Chase’s top execs have condemned in the past. Instead, the new model will use a token to authorize Intuit to download the requested financial data. “Customers will get to decide what they want to share and when they want to share it – without having to hand over their password,” said JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon about the company’s partnership with Intuit that uses APIs rather than screen scraping. Bloomberg News “The most important part of this is giving control to the customer,” JPMorgan Chairman and CEO Jamie Dimon said in the press release. “Customers will get to decide what they want to share and when they want to share it – without having to hand over their password.” Finding alternatives to screen scraping has long been a discussion in the industry. Wells Fargo, for instance, made a splash last year when the San Francisco bank announced it created an application programming interface so small businesses can have their bank account data poured directly into the accounting software provided by Xero. In his annual letter to shareholders last year, Dimon expressed his support for third parties and the bank to connect via API rather than screen scraping. "In the future," Dimon wrote in the April 2016 letter, "instead of giving a third party unlimited access to information in any bank account, we hope to build systems that allow us to 'push' information — and only that information agreed to by the customer — to that third party." The subject of data access has been getting much more attention in recent months. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is seeking a request for information on consumer access to data records, and the agency’s director has been vocal about warning banks not to limit access to data. The Chase-Intuit partnership is not exclusive; the companies said they continue to pursue similar agreements. Mary Wisniewski Mary is the deputy editor of the BankThink blog. More from this Author The data access debate is about to get a lot more interesting Do banks belong on Snapchat? Startup focused on gig economy raises $22M Comments(1) Login or Subscribe Posted By EugeneJoseph Wednesday, January 25 2017 at 2:45 PM It would be interesting to position this announcement with respect to current account aggregation solutions like the ones offered by Yodlee, Plaid or Xignite. These solutions are not 'screen scraping' based, but rely on OFX. Our company www.northsideinc.com provides voice-based and text-based access to a financial institution's API's to support text and voice based financial services. We'd be happy if a lower cost access to OFX was available, to streamline integration with a FI. Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Subscribe Register Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Rice Energy Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Energy Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Covey Capital Advisors LLC Acquires 10,376 Shares of Rice Energy Inc. (RICE) Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Covey Capital Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE) by 2.5% during the third quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 433,851 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 10,376 shares during the period. Rice Energy makes up 6.1% of Covey Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 5th largest position. Covey Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in Rice Energy were worth $11,328,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Several other institutional investors have also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Rice Energy by 56.3% in the second quarter. UBS Asset Management Americas Inc. now owns 90,886 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,003,000 after buying an additional 32,742 shares in the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors boosted its stake in shares of Rice Energy by 3,384.1% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 124,174 shares of the company’s stock valued at $2,737,000 after buying an additional 120,610 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Rice Energy by 2.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 144,209 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,179,000 after buying an additional 3,143 shares in the last quarter. Oxford Asset Management bought a new stake in shares of Rice Energy during the second quarter valued at $9,973,000. Finally, Airain ltd bought a new stake in shares of Rice Energy during the second quarter valued at $7,434,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 91.50% of the company’s stock. Shares of Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE) opened at 21.30 on Wednesday. The company’s market cap is $4.32 billion. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $21.53 and a 200-day moving average price of $24.01. Rice Energy Inc. has a 12-month low of $8.06 and a 12-month high of $29.36. Rice Energy (NYSE:RICE) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, November 2nd. The company reported $0.41 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.02 by $0.39. The firm earned $198.90 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $216.58 million. Rice Energy had a positive return on equity of 0.75% and a negative net margin of 61.58%. Rice Energy’s quarterly revenue was up 38.5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business earned $0.03 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Rice Energy Inc. will post $0.08 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This report was first published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/covey-capital-advisors-llc-acquires-10376-shares-of-rice-energy-inc-rice.html. Several equities research analysts recently weighed in on RICE shares. Jefferies Group LLC set a $32.00 target price on Rice Energy and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 18th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective (up previously from $29.00) on shares of Rice Energy in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $30.00 price objective on shares of Rice Energy in a report on Friday, December 9th. National Securities reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Rice Energy in a report on Monday, November 7th. Finally, Johnson Rice reiterated a “hold” rating on shares of Rice Energy in a report on Wednesday, September 28th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and twenty-two have issued a buy rating to the company. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.88. In related news, insider James Wilmot Rogers sold 85,544 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, November 28th. The stock was sold at an average price of $25.66, for a total value of $2,195,059.04. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 89,781 shares in the company, valued at $2,303,780.46. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through the SEC website. 2.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Rice Energy Company Profile Rice Energy Inc (Rice Energy) is an independent natural gas and oil company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) properties in the Appalachian Basin. The Company conducts its operations through two segments: Exploration and Production, and Midstream. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding RICE? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Rice Energy Inc. (NYSE:RICE). Receive News & Ratings for Rice Energy Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Rice Energy Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous OLD National Bancorp IN Has $2,519,000 Stake in NXP Semiconductors N.V. (NXPI) Next » Covey Capital Advisors LLC Purchases 31,306 Shares of Gulfport Energy Corporation (GPOR) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Magyar Bancorp reports qtrly earnings per share $0.06 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 9:22am EST BRIEF-Magyar Bancorp reports qtrly earnings per share $0.06 Jan 25 Magyar Bancorp Inc : * Qtrly earnings per share $0.06 for three months ended Dec. 31, 2016 * Magyar Bancorp Inc qtrly net interest and dividend income $4.5 million versus $4.1 million * Magyar Bancorp Inc qtrly net interest and dividend income increased 9.1%, to $4.5 million from $4.1 million for quarter ended Dec. 31, 2015 Source text:(bit.ly/2jpyUmR) Further company coverage: Next In Market News CORRECTED-FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. UPDATE 1-Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns - Nikkei TOKYO, Jan 28 Toshiba Corp Chairman Shigenori Shiga is ready to step down to take responsibility for the huge writedowns looming over the Japanese group's U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse Electric Co LLC, the Nikkei business daily reported. CORRECTED-Snapchat to reveal financials within a week - sources Jan 27 Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Latest News Dow 20,094 -7.13 -0.04% Nasdaq 5,661 +5.61 +0.10% S&P 500 2,295 -1.99 -0.09% 2:01 A.M. ET Oscar Schafer's 3 Values in a Pricey Market 12:00 A.M. ET Goldman: 2 Stock Picks; How to Play Bonds 12:00 A.M. ET Brian Rogers: 2 Stock Picks for the Trump Era 1/27 Corporate insiders have a stock market surprise for you 1/27 Trump signs executive actions at Pentagon on immigrants and military 1/27 Potential Amazon partnership exciting for PayPal, analysts say 1/27 Updated The next anchor at your mall could be a food hall 1/27 Updated This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like 1/27 How the Dow gives active fund management a good name 1/27 Updated Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know 1/27 Updated Mexican billionaire Carlos Slim: ‘The best wall is opportunities, growth and employment in Mexico’ 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Mr. Clean 1/27 Updated These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state 1/27 Updated Washington Post op-ed writer: ‘Look, I don’t need Steve Bannon’s permission to do my job’ 1/27 Why a Trump trade war is a danger to the S&P 500 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Intel 1/27 Updated Dow ends landmark week with a whimper 1/27 Gorbachev: ‘The current situation is too dangerous’ 1/27 Lowe's board OKs $5 billion share buyback program 1/27 Super Bowl Ad: Skittles Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin Dow, S&P 500 close lower Friday but break 2-week losing streak Home Industries Banking The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal J.P. Morgan to become custodian for $1 trillion in BlackRock assets By Emily Glazer Published: Jan 25, 2017 9:31 a.m. ET Share Move elevates bank to No. 2 player in the custodial business, after Bank of New York Mellon Reuters By EmilyGlazer J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. struck a deal to be the custodian for more than $1 trillion of BlackRock Inc.’s assets, poaching the business from State Street Corp., the companies confirmed Wednesday. J.P. Morgan JPM, +0.21%  will spend around two years bringing the assets into its existing $20.5 trillion platform, the bank said. That may elevate the New York bank to the No. 2 player in the business, second to Bank of New York Mellon Corp. BK, +0.00% which has about $28 trillion assets under custody, according to recent company filings. Opinion Journal: The Fed’s Power Vacuum (3:58) Money Strong President Danielle DiMartino Booth on why President Trump should move quickly to fill vacant positions at the central bank. Photo: Getty State Street’s STT, -0.76%   assets under custody were $21.7 trillion as of Wednesday when it reported fourth-quarter earnings, though it is unclear if the change was reflected in the most recent quarterly numbers. State Street noted in an earnings slide presentation Wednesday that BLK, -1.15%  ad moved some of its assets “as a result of a decision to diversify service providers,” but remains a client of the bank. J.P. Morgan is likely to garner roughly tens of millions of dollars in annual fees in one of the largest-ever custody deals. The sticky business is becoming rare in banking where firms have been cutting costs to boost revenues in a low-interest-rate environment. These types of contracts usually don’t come up for bid for years. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular now on WSJ.com: Mall Owners Rush to Get Out of the Mall Business A 100,000-Year Tomb for Finland’s Nuclear Waste More from MarketWatch These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state First Lady Fashion in the Melania Trump Era Norovirus Stomach Bug: How Bad Is It This Year? Quote References JPM +0.18 +0.21% BK +0.00 +0.00% STT -0.58 -0.76% BLK -4.36 -1.15% Most Popular Two things are happening in the U.S. stock market for the first time since 1900 Looking to get a mortgage in 2017? Here’s what you need to know Trump calls U.S.-Mexico trade one-sided — and here’s the reality These are the largest employers in the U.S. — state by state This is what $20 million hidden under a mattress looks like MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found JPMorgan Chase & Co. U.S.: NYSE: JPM $86.93 +0.18 (+0.21%) Volume 12.3M Open $86.66 High $86.98 Low $86.27 P/E Ratio 14.04 Div Yield 2.21 Market Cap 310.4B Bank of New York Mellon Corp. U.S.: NYSE: BK $44.78 +0.00 (+0.00%) Volume 5.8M Open $44.83 High $44.96 Low $44.48 P/E Ratio 14.22 Div Yield 1.7 Market Cap 47.1B State Street Corp. U.S.: NYSE: STT $76.00 -0.58 (-0.76%) Volume 2.3M Open $76.50 High $76.57 Low $75.89 P/E Ratio 15.54 Div Yield 2 Market Cap 29.5B BlackRock Inc. U.S.: NYSE: BLK $375.06 -4.36 (-1.15%) Volume 684.8K Open $380.45 High $381.37 Low $372.90 P/E Ratio 19.7 Div Yield 2.67 Market Cap 61.9B LatestNews
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan clients to get easier access to online finance tools Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Technology News | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 9:44am EST JPMorgan clients to get easier access to online finance tools FILE PHOTO - A view of the exterior of the JPMorgan Chase & Co. corporate headquarters in New York City, U.S. on May 20, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File Photo By David Henry | NEW YORK NEW YORK JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Intuit Inc (INTU.O) said on Wednesday they had reached an agreement to allow the bank's customers to quickly put account information into Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online financial management applications without turning over user names and bank passwords. The agreement "aligns closely" with a set of consumer data-sharing principles announced in October by the industry through the Center for Financial Services Innovation, the companies said in a statement. It appears to resolve a conflict between the companies over how to allow customers to use their account information as they like without increasing the risk of someone fraudulently getting into their accounts. Under the plan, JPMorgan customers will give explicit consent to share their data with Intuit while the bank will provide a token, or unique key, to Intuit to access the data, the statement said. The arrangement is a step toward allowing individuals to use their mobile phones to track details of their day-to-day spending habits, which some experts believe could help some individuals save more money. JPMorgan is the biggest U.S. bank by assets and Intuit offers some of the most widely established personal financial management tools. The companies said they will each pursue similar agreements with others in the industry. The Center for Financial Services Innovation is funded by financial industry companies and charitable foundations. (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn and Paul Simao) Next In Technology News Snapchat to reveal financials within a week: sources Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. Apple strategy in 'smart home' race threatened by Amazon SAN FRANCISCO - In less than a year, Amazon's combination of the Echo speaker system and the Alexa voice-controlled digital assistant has come close to delivering on the elusive promise of easy-to-use technology that can control gadgets in the home with a few spoken words. Alphabet's hardware growth adds to strength in core ad business Alphabet Inc's core advertising business remained strong and its smartphone and home-automation products were gaining traction, analysts said a day after the company missed profit expectations, hurt by a higher tax rate. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video JPMorgan and Intuit to ease way for Chase customers to use Mint Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed Jan 25, 2017 | 8:50am EST JPMorgan and Intuit to ease way for Chase customers to use Mint NEW YORK Jan 25 JPMorgan Chase & Co and Intuit Inc said on Wednesday that they had agreed on tools for Chase customers to quickly put account information into Mint, TurboTax Online and QuickBooks Online financial management applications without turning over their user names and bank passwords. The agreement "aligns closely" with a set of consumer data-sharing principles announced in October by the industry through the Center for Financial Services, the companies said in a statement. (Reporting by David Henry in New York; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn) Next In Market News UPDATE 1-Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns - Nikkei TOKYO, Jan 28 Toshiba Corp Chairman Shigenori Shiga is ready to step down to take responsibility for the huge writedowns looming over the Japanese group's U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse Electric Co LLC, the Nikkei business daily reported. CORRECTED-Snapchat to reveal financials within a week - sources Jan 27 Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. UPDATE 1-Boeing machinists in S. Carolina to vote in February on unionizing SEATTLE, Jan 27 Boeing Co and its largest union said on Friday they had agreed on a February date for a union vote at Boeing's jetliner factory in South Carolina, setting up what is likely to be a fresh battle between the union and the world's biggest plane maker. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Alcoa, AK Steel, CenturyLink, Coach, Hyatt, JetBlue, Southwest Air, Transocean, Verizon, Wal-Mart and More By Jon C. Ogg January 25, 2017 8:55 am EST Print Email Tweet Stocks rallied on Tuesday and were indicated higher on Wednesday. In fact, the Boeing report may even help the Dow challenge the elusive 20,000 mark on Wednesday. Despite the bull market being almost eight years old, investors are still willing to buy the pullbacks, and they are still looking for new and overlooked opportunities. Regardless of the start of 2017, there is still a path to DJIA 21,422 in late 2017 or early 2018. 24/7 Wall St. reviews dozens of analyst reports each day of the week. The goal is to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some of these analyst research reports cover stocks to buy, while some others cover stocks to sell or to avoid. Most of the following analyst calls include some color, and Thomson Reuters was used for consensus analyst price target data. Oddly enough, none of Tuesday’s Keystone pipeline winners were in the upgrades and downgrades. These are the top analyst upgrades, downgrades and initiations seen on Wednesday, January 25, 2017: Alcoa Corp. (NYSE: AA) was up 3.3% to $37.50 ahead of earnings and was indicated up another 2.6% at $38.48 on Wednesday morning. Alcoa was raised to Buy from Neutral with a $45 price target at Citigroup, and Deutsche Bank raised it to Hold from Sell with a $30 target. AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE: AKS) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan. Shares were down almost 6.6% at $8.68 on Tuesday and were down another 4% at $8.31 on Wednesday’s early indications. AK Steel has a 52-week trading range of $1.85 to $11.39, and it had a consensus analyst target price of $10.14. CenturyLink Inc. (NYSE: CTL) was raised to Hold at Jefferies, and the target price was raised to $26 from $20 (versus a $25.57 prior close). The Level 3 acquisition is said to make the dividend more secure in the near-term, and the combination was shown to be leading to meaningful financial benefits and earnings accretion. CenturyLink has a 52-week range of $22.86 to $33.45, and the consensus target price is $28.08. Coach Inc. (NYSE: COH) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at Atlantic Equities. It also was downgraded to Outperform at CLSA. Coach closed up 3.7% at $36.75 on Tuesday and was indicated down 1.2% at $36.30 on Wednesday. The 52-week range is $32.95 to $43.71, and it has a consensus target price of $43.28. Hyatt Hotels Corp. (NYSE: H) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a $60 price target (versus a $54.50 close) at Berenberg. Hyatt has a 52-week range of $37.00 to $58.05 and a consensus target price of $55.44. JettBlue Airways Corp. (NASDAQ: JBLU) was raised to Overweight from Neutral with a $27 price target (versus a $21.42 close) at JPMorgan. JetBlue has a 52-week range of $14.76 to $23.67 and a consensus price target of $26.17. Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight with a $55 price target (versus a $49.65 close) at JPMorgan. Southwest Airlines has a consensus target price of $59.10 and a 52-week range of $33.96 to $52.20. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE: RIG) was raised to Neutral from Underweight with a $13.70 price target (versus a $14.92 close) at Piper Jaffray. Shares closed up 1.1% on Tuesday and were indicated up another 0.8% at $15.04 on Wednesday. Transocean has a 52-week range of $7.67 to $16.66 and a consensus price target of $12.75. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ) had a worse earnings reaction that we have seen in recent memory, falling 4.4% to $50.12, and shares were indicated down another 0.8% at $49.70 on Wednesday. Verizon was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with a $52 target price at FBR Capital Markets. Argus maintained its Buy rating and $60 target price on Verizon. The 52-week range is $46.01 to $56.95, and the consensus target price is $53.27. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) was started with a Market Perform rating at Wells Fargo. Wal-Mart closed up 1.1% at $67.40 on Tuesday and was indicated up another 0.2% at $67.58 on Wednesday. Wal-Mart also has a 52-week range of $62.35 to $75.19 and a consensus analyst target of $74.05. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   You can follow @Jonogg on Twitter if to get analyst calls and research summaries posted directly to your own feed. Tuesday’s top analyst upgrades and downgrades included Apple, Boeing, CSX, Deere, Humana, Potash Corp., Suncor Energy and many more. By Jon C. Ogg « Boeing Earnings Beat Estimates, but Outlook Could Raise Questions Freeport-McMoRan Misses on Both Top and Bottom Lines » Read more: Investing, Active Trader, Analyst Downgrades, Analyst Upgrades, Research, Alcoa, Inc. (NYSE:AA), AK Steel Holding Corp (NYSE:AKS), Coach (NYSE:COH), CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE:CTL), Hyatt Hotels (NYSE:H), JetBlue Airways (NASDAQ:JBLU), Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV), Transocean, Inc. (NYSE:RIG), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Banks Finance Banks Investing Wall Street Hedge Funds M&A Insurance Venture Capital JPMorgan to become custodian of $1 trillion in BlackRock assets: Report Katie Little | @KatieLittle Wednesday, 25 Jan 2017 | 8:35 AM ETBreaking News SHARES JPMorgan Chase will become the custodian for more than $1 trillion in BlackRock assets, which have been under custody at State Street, Dow Jones reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter. JPMorgan currently has about $20.5 trillion under custody, and the move could catapult it into the second biggest player in the market behind Bank of New York Mellon. BlackRock has about $5.1 trillion in assets that it manages, funds that are serviced by custodians, Dow Jones reported. Katie LittleStaff Writer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change JPM ---
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Search Search Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Name Policy & Regulation Technology Retail & Commercial Community Cap Markets BankThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Morning Scan Chase reaches deal on passwords; Mnuchin on bank regulation Slideshow 'Some bankers. SOME': Comments of the week Morning Scan Ant Financial buying MoneyGram; Will blockchain 'change the world'? Democrats are spoiling for a fight over the CFPB Can AI make banks as good as Amazon at knowing customers? search goes here Morning Scan Chase reaches deal on passwords; Mnuchin on bank regulation By George Yacik Published January 25 2017, 8:33am EST More in Morning scan Technology Trump administration Regulatory reform Steven Mnuchin Richard Cordray CFPB Print Email Reprints Share Share on Password protected: JPMorgan Chase and Intuit have reached an agreement that would let the bank's customers check their account information on Intuit's websites – which include Mint.com, TurboTax and QuickBooks – without having to reveal their Chase passwords. Details of the deal are expected to be announced Wednesday morning. Intuit said the deal would give customers more real-time access to their data. Upheld: A New York State appeals court reinstated the conviction of Sergey Aleynikov, a former Goldman Sachs programmer, accused of stealing computer code for the bank's high-speed trading business before taking a job with a hedge fund. The court overturned a decision by a state trial judge, who threw out Aleynikov's 2010 conviction on the grounds that the 1967 law he was convicted under wasn't applicable, since computer software didn't exist at the time. But the appeals court said the law was drafted broadly enough to cover the crime. Wall Street Journal, New York Times Subscribe Now Access to authoritative analysis and perspective and our data-driven report series. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial No credit card required. Complete access to articles, breaking news and industry data. Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get AB in your inbox Newsletter/Frequency Daily Briefing Intraday News Update BankThink Technology Daily Regulation Capital Markets Community Banking Marketplace Lending Retail and Commercial Women in Banking Weekly Top 10 American Banker Magazine Bulletin Subscribe Register Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for the banking industry Subscribe American Banker About Us Contact Us The Magazine Daily Report Banker's Glossary Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance POSCO - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for POSCO with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Proofpoint, Inc. (PFPT) Price Target Raised to $90.00 Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Healthways, Inc. (TVTY) to Hold Jennison Associates LLC Lowers Position in Mastercard Incorporated (MA) Copart, Inc. (CPRT) Shares Sold by Jennison Associates LLC Jennison Associates LLC Sells 96,355 Shares of Edison International (EIX) Workspace Group Plc (WKP) Insider Sells £113,550 in Stock Speedy Hire Plc (SDY) Price Target Raised to GBX 60 NEXT Financial Group Inc Boosts Stake in Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited (TEVA) TCI Wealth Advisors Inc. Acquires 100 Shares of Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Cedar Wealth Management LLC Raises Stake in Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA Buys 51,173 Shares of Celgene Corporation (CELG) Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA Maintains Position in Raytheon Company (RTN) Loring Wolcott & Coolidge Fiduciary Advisors LLP MA Purchases 125 Shares of Mondelez International, Inc. (MDLZ) Edmond Macri Sells 600 Shares of Wayfair Inc. (W) Stock Ford Motor Company (F) Upgraded to “Outperform” at Royal Bank Of Canada Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Lowered to Neutral at Cantor Fitzgerald Brunswick Corporation (BC) PT Raised to $65.00 at Royal Bank Of Canada W Hayden Mcilroy Sells 10,000 Shares of Valhi, Inc. (VHI) Stock Commerce Bancshares, Inc. (CBSH) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” La Jolla Pharmaceutical Company’s (LJPC) Buy Rating Reiterated at Jefferies Group LLC LMR Partners LLP Takes Position in POSCO (PKX) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet LMR Partners LLP purchased a new position in POSCO (NYSE:PKX) during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 57,992 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,963,000. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in shares of POSCO by 2.6% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 659,126 shares of the company’s stock worth $29,331,000 after buying an additional 17,015 shares during the last quarter. State Street Corp increased its stake in shares of POSCO by 3.9% in the second quarter. State Street Corp now owns 395,206 shares of the company’s stock worth $17,587,000 after buying an additional 14,707 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of POSCO by 317.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 298,420 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,281,000 after buying an additional 227,018 shares during the last quarter. Causeway Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of POSCO during the second quarter worth $9,937,000. Finally, Acadian Asset Management LLC increased its stake in shares of POSCO by 3.4% in the third quarter. Acadian Asset Management LLC now owns 169,163 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,641,000 after buying an additional 5,627 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 5.41% of the company’s stock. POSCO (NYSE:PKX) opened at 57.97 on Wednesday. POSCO has a 52-week low of $35.35 and a 52-week high of $60.13. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $55.56 and its 200-day moving average is $52.17. The company has a market cap of $18.84 billion, a PE ratio of 26.75 and a beta of 1.08. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright and trademark legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/lmr-partners-llp-takes-position-in-posco-pkx.html. PKX has been the subject of a number of recent analyst reports. HSBC Holdings plc upgraded POSCO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, November 28th. TheStreet raised shares of POSCO from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research report on Monday, December 5th. cut shares of POSCO from an “outperform” rating to an “underperform” rating in a research report on Tuesday, October 4th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of POSCO from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, January 2nd. Finally, Nomura cut shares of POSCO from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, October 26th. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, two have issued a hold rating and five have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $64.00. About POSCO POSCO is an integrated steel producer. The Company operates in four segments: steel, trading, engineering and construction, and others. The steel segment includes production of steel products and sale of such products. The trading segment consists of global trading activities of POSCO Daewoo Corporation, exporting and importing a range of steel products that are both obtained from and supplied to it, as well as between other suppliers and purchasers in Korea and overseas. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding PKX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for POSCO (NYSE:PKX). Receive News & Ratings for POSCO Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for POSCO and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance SM Energy Co. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for SM Energy Co. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Has $2,137,000 Position in SM Energy Co. (SM) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL boosted its stake in shares of SM Energy Co. (NYSE:SM) by 31.6% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 55,400 shares of the energy company’s stock after buying an additional 13,300 shares during the period. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL’s holdings in SM Energy were worth $2,137,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of SM. Nisa Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in SM Energy during the second quarter valued at $124,000. LS Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in SM Energy by 1.5% in the second quarter. LS Investment Advisors LLC now owns 58,894 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $1,590,000 after buying an additional 880 shares during the last quarter. Cypress Capital Management LLC WY acquired a new position in SM Energy during the second quarter valued at about $764,000. Ameriprise Financial Inc. raised its position in SM Energy by 8.3% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 343,259 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $9,269,000 after buying an additional 26,439 shares during the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in SM Energy by 228.4% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 211,120 shares of the energy company’s stock valued at $5,700,000 after buying an additional 146,839 shares during the last quarter. 87.78% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of SM Energy Co. (NYSE:SM) opened at 31.96 on Wednesday. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $34.74 and a 200 day moving average of $34.32. The stock’s market cap is $2.78 billion. SM Energy Co. has a 52 week low of $6.99 and a 52 week high of $43.09. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/virginia-retirement-systems-et-al-has-2137000-position-in-sm-energy-co-sm.html. Several equities analysts have recently issued reports on SM shares. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of SM Energy from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 3rd. KLR Group lifted their target price on shares of SM Energy from $53.00 to $59.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. RBC Capital Markets reiterated a “sector perform” rating and set a $42.00 target price (up from $39.00) on shares of SM Energy in a report on Friday, October 21st. Stifel Nicolaus upgraded shares of SM Energy from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and lifted their target price for the company from $35.00 to $51.00 in a report on Thursday, December 1st. Finally, Bank of America Corporation started coverage on shares of SM Energy in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $52.00 target price for the company. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, twelve have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $37.02. SM Energy Company Profile SM Energy Company is an independent energy company. The Company is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of crude oil and condensate, natural gas and natural gas liquids (NGLs) in onshore North America. The Company operates in the exploration and production segment of the oil and gas industry within the United States. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding SM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for SM Energy Co. (NYSE:SM). Receive News & Ratings for SM Energy Co. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for SM Energy Co. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deutsche Telekom AG - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Telekom AG with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News GasLog LP. (GLOG) Rating Increased to Outperform at Wells Fargo & Company Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. (ZBH) Shares Bought by Pointe Capital Management LLC Pointe Capital Management LLC Continues to Hold Stake in Hubbell Inc (HUBB) Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. (CPS) Major Shareholder Silver Point Capital L.P. Sells 45,000 Shares Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) Major Shareholder Trident Capital Fund Vi Lp Sells 250,000 Shares Patrick Industries, Inc. (PATK) Director Jeffrey L. Et Al Gendell Sells 17,517 Shares Sanofi (SNY) Position Held by SOL Capital Management CO Waste Management, Inc. (WM) Stake Lowered by South Texas Money Management Ltd. Stryker Corporation (SYK) Shares Sold by South Texas Money Management Ltd. Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Raises GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Price Target to GBX 1,850 Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates First Merchants Corporation (FRME) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for ResMed Inc. Reduced by Analyst (RMD) ENSCO PLC (ESV) Debt Trading 1% Lower Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Markston International LLC Has $140,000 Position in St. Joe Company (The) (JOE) Markston International LLC Boosts Stake in Infinera Corporation (INFN) Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $416,000 Stake in Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (ODFL) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Sold by Pointe Capital Management LLC JPMorgan Chase & Co. Upgrades Deutsche Telekom AG (DTEGY) to Overweight January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Deutsche Telekom AG (OTC:DTEGY) was upgraded by JPMorgan Chase & Co. from a “neutral” rating to an “overweight” rating in a research note issued to investors on Monday, StockTargetPrices.com reports. Separately, Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) lowered Deutsche Telekom AG from a “buy” rating to a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 10th. Deutsche Telekom AG (OTC:DTEGY) opened at 17.43 on Monday. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $16.88 and its 200-day moving average price is $16.55. Deutsche Telekom AG has a one year low of $15.19 and a one year high of $18.38. The firm has a market cap of $80.44 billion, a PE ratio of 13.16 and a beta of 0.95. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another domain, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/jpmorgan-chase-co-upgrades-deutsche-telekom-ag-dtegy-to-overweight.html. About Deutsche Telekom AG Deutsche Telekom AG provides information technology (IT) and telecommunications services. The Company’s operating segments include Germany, consisting of fixed-network and mobile activities in Germany; United States, which consists of mobile activities in the United States market; Europe, consisting of fixed-network and mobile operations of the national companies in various European countries, such as Greece, Romania, Hungary, Poland, the Czech Republic, Croatia, the Netherlands and Austria; Systems Solutions, which operates information and communication technology (ICT) systems for multinational corporations and public sector institutions, and Group Headquarters & Group Services, which consists of the operations of service headquarters and various other subsidiaries of the Company. Receive News & Ratings for Deutsche Telekom AG Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deutsche Telekom AG and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DAX ®11.814,27-0,29%TecDAX ®1.857,58-0,11%S&P FUTURE2.289,10-0,21%Nasdaq 100 Future5.162,50+0,34% Anmelden oder kostenlos registrieren Benutzername: Passwort: Angemeldet bleiben: Passwort vergessen? Wertpapiere & Kurse News & Analysen Geld & Vorsorge Mein finanztreff Brokervergleich Überblick Suche Topthemen Finanzmarkt Termine Analysen Marktkommentare Panorama Videos Specials Börsenbriefe Überblick Marktberichte Überblick Aktien & Indizes Devisen Anleihen Rohstoffe Länder & Regionen Wirtschaftsnachrichten Überblick Wirtschaft & Politik Zentralbanken Branchen Überblick Automotive Banken Chemieindustrie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleister Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherer Weitere Branchen... Unternehmen Deutschland Europa (EU) USA & Amerika Asien Sonstige EQS-Unternehmenscenter News zu ... Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs IPO (Börsengänge) Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Ausbildung zum erfolgreichen Börsenhändler. Jetzt kostenlos! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Webinare, Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Exklusiv: finanztreff.de Kunden erhalten 3 Monate Goldkonditionen Startseite > News & Analysen > Finanzmarkt DGAP-Stimmrechte: SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (deutsch) 25.01.2017 - 09:25 | Quelle: dpa-AFX SAF-HOLLAND S.A.: Veröffentlichung gemäß § 26 Abs. 1 WpHG in Verbindung mit Art. 8 und 9 des Transparenzgesetzes des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (Transparency Law) mit dem Ziel der europaweiten Verbreitung DGAP Stimmrechtsmitteilung: SAF-HOLLAND S.A. SAF-HOLLAND S.A.: Veröffentlichung gemäß § 26 Abs. 1 WpHG in Verbindung mit Art. 8 und 9 des Transparenzgesetzes des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (Transparency Law) mit dem Ziel der europaweiten Verbreitung 25.01.2017 / 09:25 Veröffentlichung einer Stimmrechtsmitteilung übermittelt durch DGAP - ein Service der EQS Group AG. Für den Inhalt der Mitteilung ist der Emittent verantwortlich. --------------------------------------------------------------------------- ESMA/2015/1597 Standard form for notification of major holdings NOTIFICATION OF MAJOR HOLDINGS (to be sent to the relevant issuer and to the competent authority) (i) 1. Identity of the issuer or the underlying issuer of existing shares to which voting rights are attached (ii): SAF-HOLLAND S.A. 2. Reason for the notification (please tick the appropriate box or boxes): [X] An acquisition or disposal of voting rights [ ] An acquisition or disposal of financial instruments [ ] An event changing the breakdown of voting rights [ ] Other (please specify) (iii): 3. Details of person subject to the notification obligation (iv): Name: JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. City and country of registered office (if applicable): New York/ U.S.A. 4. Full name of shareholder(s) (if different from 3.) (v): JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited 5. Date on which the threshold was crossed or reached (vi): 19 January 2017 6. Total positions of person(s) subject to the notification obligation: % of voting % of voting rights Total of Total number rights attached through both in of voting % to shares financial (7.A + rights of (total of 7.A) instru- 7.B) issuer ments (vii) (total of 7.B.1 + 7.B.2) Resulting situation on the date on which threshold 5.08% 0.00% 5.08% 45,361,112 was crossed or reached Position of previous notification (if applicable) 7. Notified details of the resulting situation on the date on which the threshold was crossed or reached (viii): A: Voting rights attached to shares Class/type of shares Number of voting rights % of voting (ix) rights Direct Indirect Direct Indirect ISIN code (if possible) (Art 9 of (Art 10 of (Art 9 of (Art 10 of Directive Directive Directive Directive 2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC) 2004/109/EC) LU0307018795 2,306,047 5.08% SUBTOTAL A 2,306,047 5.08% B 1: Financial Instruments according to Art. 13(1)(a) of Directive 2004/ 109/EC Number of voting rights that may be Type of Expi- Exercise/ acquired if the % of voting rat- rights financial ion Conversion instrument is exer- instru- date Period (xi) cised/ converted. ment (x) SUBTOTAL B.1 B 2: Financial Instruments with similar economic effect according to Art. 13(1)(b) of Directive 2004/109/EC Exercise/ Type of Expirati- Conversion Physical or Number % of voting on of rights financi- date(x) Period(xi) cash voting al instru- settlement(xi- rights ment i) SUBTOTAL B.2 8. Information in relation to the person subject to the notification obligation (please tick the applicable box): [] Person subject to the notification obligation is not controlled by any natural person or legal entity and does not control any other undertaking(s)holding directly or indirectly an interest in the (underlying) issuer. (xiii) [X] Full chain of controlled undertakings through which the voting rights and/or the financial instruments are effectively held starting with the ultimate controlling natural person or legal entity (xiv): % of voting rights % of voting rights through financial Total of both in- if if it equals or is struments if it it equals or is equals Name xv higher than the or is higher than higher than the the notifiable notifiable threshold notifiable threshold threshold See section 10 9. In case of proxy voting: [name of the proxy holder] will cease to hold [% and number] voting rights as of [date] 10. Additional information (xvi): This notification is made pursuant to the implementation of the Amended Transparency Directive and is not necessarily the result of a transaction. Chain of controlled undertakings: JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings Inc. JPMorgan Asset Management International Limited (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management Holdings (UK) Limited (100%) JPMorgan Asset Management (UK) Limited (100%) Done at London on 24 January 2017 --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 25.01.2017 Die DGAP Distributionsservices umfassen gesetzliche Meldepflichten, Corporate News/Finanznachrichten und Pressemitteilungen. Medienarchiv unter http://www.dgap.de --------------------------------------------------------------------------- Sprache: Deutsch Unternehmen: SAF-HOLLAND S.A. 68-70, boulevard de la Pétrusse L-2320 Luxembourg Großherzogtum Luxemburg Internet: www.safholland.com Ende der Mitteilung DGAP News-Service --------------------------------------------------------------------------- 538943 25.01.2017 Quelle: dpa-AFX Schlagworte: Auto, Kolummne, Deutschland SAF HOLLAND S.A. EO-,01 L&S 14,57 -0,40% EUR 27.01.2017 -0,06 1 Woche 3 Monate 1 Jahr zum Kursportrait AdHoc-Meldungen & Insidertrades Werbung Nachrichten zu SAF HOLLAND S.A. EO-,01 Datum Meldung 27.01. Achtung! Diese Aktien sind aktuell im Visier der Leerverkäufer – SAF-Holland, Pfeiffer Vacuum, GFT, Wirecard, Nordex, Altisource, Leoni, ElringKlinger, Dream Global Reit, Lanxess, Metro 25.01. DGAP-Stimmrechte: SAF-HOLLAND S.A. (deutsch) 25.01. DGAP-PVR: SAF-HOLLAND S.A.:Release according to Article 26, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] and Art. 8 and 9 of Transparency Law of Great-Duchy of Luxembourg 25.01. DGAP-PVR: SAF-HOLLAND S.A.: Veröffentlichung gemäß § 26 Abs. 1 WpHG in Verbindung mit Art. 8 und 9 des Transparenzgesetzes des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (Transparency Law) mit dem Ziel der europaweiten Verbreitung 25.01. DGAP-PVR: SAF-HOLLAND S.A.: Veröffentlichung gemäß § 26 Abs. 1 WpHG in Verbindung mit Art. 8 und 9 des Transparenzgesetzes des Großherzogtums Luxemburg (Transparency Law) mit dem Ziel der europaweiten Verbreitung 25.01. DGAP-PVR: SAF-HOLLAND S.A.:Release according to Article 26, Section 1 of the WpHG [the German Securities Trading Act] and Art. 8 and 9 of Transparency Law of Great-Duchy of Luxembourg 19.01. dpa-AFX: Oddo Seydler belässt SAF-Holland auf 'Buy' - Ziel 15,50 Euro 19.01. dpa-AFX: Warburg Research belässt SAF-Holland auf 'Buy' - Ziel 16 Euro 19.01. dpa-AFX: Berenberg hebt Ziel für SAF-Holland auf 17 Euro - 'Buy' 18.01. boerse.ARD.de Dax bewegt sich nur zögerlich weitere Nachrichten zu SAF HOLLAND S.A. EO-,01 Werbung Weitere News zu... Wertpapieren: Aktien Anleihen Rohstoffe Devisen Fonds Indizes Derivate Branchen: Automobile Banken Chemie Dienstleistungen Energie & Rohstoffe Finanzdienstleistungen Handel Immobilien Industrie Internet Konsumgüter Nahrungsmittel Versicherungen Weitere Branchen... Kommentare: Ronald Gehrt Ralf Goerke Investmentecke Emittenten Themen: Marktberichte Wirtschaft & Politik Länder & Regionen Topthemen Panorama Geld & Vorsorge Werbung Jetzt Wünsche erfüllen mit dem PrivatKredit der Degussa Bank. |Bid & Ask Newsletter kostenlos lesen! |Das ATB Tagesgeldkonto - Transparenz für Ihr Geld Top Baufinanzierung bei der Degussa Bank Werbung Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart: Lehrreiche Webinare, informatives Magazin und vieles mehr. Jetzt kostenlos anmelden! Werbung Pushverbindungen werden nach 20 Minuten automatisch getrennt. Verzögerungszeiten: Kurs, Bid/Ask realtime Kurs verzögert, Bid/Ask realtime +15 Min. +20 Min. etc. Schlusskurs oder Spotkurs Nie mehr ein Update dieser Seite verpassen, finanztreff.de RSS-Feeds abonnieren! Investmentecke Topthemen Marktberichte Insidertrades Empfehlungen Nachrichten Adhoc Wirtschaft & Politik Sport Suchen & Finden auf finanztreff.de Aktien Chartsignale Aktienvergleich Fonds Top Service Fonds ETF ETF-Vergleich ETC Anleihen Mittelstandsanleihen Zertifikate Optionsscheine Knock-Outs Indizes Indizes Deutschland DAX Realtime Devisen Crossrates Währungsrechner Rohstoffpreise Top-Nachrichten Musterdepot & Watchlist kostenlose Realtimekurse Planspiel Börse mobile Tools von finanztreff.de und vwd finanztreff.de mobil finanztreff.de iPhone App Wissenstests, Hilfe & Börsenlexikon auf finanztreff.de Hilfe Lexika: Börsenlexikon Fondslexikon Wissenstests: Aktien Fonds Zertifikate Hebelprodukte Über finanztreff.de Impressum Nutzungshinweise Kontakt Verzögerungszeiten Inhaltelizenzierung Mediadaten Jobs © 2017 vwd netsolutions GmbH part of the vwd.com vwdgroup.ch moneyspecial.de QuickChart Quicknews Umfrage Neu/Blog Empfehlen Neue Newsletter Aktualisieren Exklusives Angebot Diese Seite empfehlenschliessen Interessant, oder? Teilen Sie diese Seite auf Facebook, Google+ oder Twitter Aktuelle Umfrageschliessen Airbus-Chef Tom Enders sieht das Fliegen ohne Piloten als nächsten großen Schritt in der Entwicklung der Luftfahrt. Was würden Sie davon halten? Viel, dann können die Piloten soviel streiken wie sie wollen. Gar nichts, in so ein Flugzeug würde ich nicht einsteigen. Jetzt abstimmen! Alle Umfragen ansehen Börse Stuttgart Anlegerclubschliessen Attraktive Preise zu gewinnen! Der Anlegerclub der Börse Stuttgart verlost beim Gewinnspiel "Trade & Win" regelmäßig attraktive Preise. Außerdem profitieren Mitglieder von lehrreichen Live-Webinaren, einem informativen Anlegermagazin und vielem mehr. Jetzt kostenlos Mitglied werden
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cavco Industries Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Cavco Industries Inc. (CVCO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Zacks Consensus Ratings Tweet Shares of Cavco Industries Inc. (NASDAQ:CVCO) have been assigned an average broker rating score of 3.00 (Hold) from the one brokers that provide coverage for the stock, Zacks Investment Research reports. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold recommendation. Brokerages have set a twelve-month consensus target price of $114.00 for the company, according to Zacks. Zacks has also assigned Cavco Industries an industry rank of 2 out of 265 based on the ratings given to its competitors. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Teacher Retirement System of Texas increased its position in shares of Cavco Industries by 14.3% in the second quarter. Teacher Retirement System of Texas now owns 1,125 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,000 after buying an additional 141 shares in the last quarter. SG Americas Securities LLC purchased a new position in shares of Cavco Industries during the third quarter valued at $144,000. Mason Street Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Cavco Industries during the second quarter valued at $152,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in shares of Cavco Industries by 1,925.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,005 shares of the company’s stock valued at $188,000 after buying an additional 1,906 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Hsbc Holdings PLC purchased a new position in shares of Cavco Industries during the third quarter valued at $211,000. 94.49% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Cavco Industries (NASDAQ:CVCO) opened at 97.40 on Friday. The company’s 50 day moving average is $99.18 and its 200 day moving average is $98.01. Cavco Industries has a 12-month low of $70.28 and a 12-month high of $110.67. The company has a market cap of $875.82 million, a price-to-earnings ratio of 29.60 and a beta of 1.63. Cavco Industries (NASDAQ:CVCO) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, November 8th. The company reported $1.03 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.92 by $0.11. Cavco Industries had a net margin of 4.08% and a return on equity of 8.37%. The business had revenue of $188.30 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $197.33 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm earned $0.89 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.9% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Cavco Industries will post $3.55 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cavco Industries Inc. (CVCO) Receives Consensus Rating of “Hold” from Brokerages” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright law. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/cavco-industries-inc-cvco-receives-consensus-rating-of-hold-from-brokerages.html. About Cavco Industries Cavco Industries, Inc designs and produces factory-built homes. The Company operates through two segments: factory-built housing, which includes wholesale and retail systems-built housing operations, and financial services, which includes manufactured housing consumer finance and insurance. Its factory-built homes are primarily distributed through a network of independent and the Company-owned retailers, planned community operators and residential developers. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cavco Industries (CVCO) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cavco Industries Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing AK Steel Holding Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) AK Steel Holding Corp. (AKS) Downgraded to Sell at Vetr Inc. Posted by Dave Schultz on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE:AKS) was downgraded by equities researchers at Vetr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report issued to clients and investors on Tuesday. They presently have a $8.25 price target on the stock. Vetr‘s price objective suggests a potential downside of 4.95% from the stock’s previous close. A number of other analysts also recently issued reports on the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted their price objective on shares of AK Steel Holding Corp. from $8.50 to $11.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of AK Steel Holding Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $5.25 price objective for the company in a report on Wednesday, October 19th. Morgan Stanley raised shares of AK Steel Holding Corp. from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. Deutsche Bank AG raised shares of AK Steel Holding Corp. from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $1.64 to $4.83 in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Finally, Credit Suisse Group AG downgraded shares of AK Steel Holding Corp. from an “outperform” rating to a “neutral” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $8.00 to $9.50 in a report on Thursday, January 12th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and six have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $7.75. AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE:AKS) traded down 6.57% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $8.68. 74,123,286 shares of the stock traded hands. The firm’s market cap is $2.07 billion. The firm’s 50-day moving average price is $10.32 and its 200-day moving average price is $6.81. AK Steel Holding Corp. has a 52 week low of $1.85 and a 52 week high of $11.39. AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE:AKS) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.25 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.09 by $0.16. The firm earned $1.42 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $1.42 billion. AK Steel Holding Corp. had a negative net margin of 1.54% and a negative return on equity of 24.32%. The business’s revenue for the quarter was down 8.0% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted $0.30 EPS. On average, equities analysts forecast that AK Steel Holding Corp. will post $0.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/ak-steel-holding-corp-aks-downgraded-to-sell-at-vetr-inc.html. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in AK Steel Holding Corp. by 76.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 25,910,412 shares of the company’s stock worth $120,742,000 after buying an additional 11,192,363 shares in the last quarter. Anchor Bolt Capital LP purchased a new stake in AK Steel Holding Corp. during the second quarter worth approximately $21,206,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in AK Steel Holding Corp. by 395.7% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 5,307,865 shares of the company’s stock worth $25,637,000 after buying an additional 4,237,133 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors raised its stake in AK Steel Holding Corp. by 38.4% in the second quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 15,281,224 shares of the company’s stock worth $71,211,000 after buying an additional 4,235,960 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Victory Capital Management Inc. purchased a new stake in AK Steel Holding Corp. during the third quarter worth approximately $19,565,000. 60.05% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. About AK Steel Holding Corp. AK Steel Holding Corporation is an integrated producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels and tubular products through its subsidiary, AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel). The Company operates approximately eight steelmaking and finishing plants, over two coke plants and approximately two tube manufacturing plants across states, which include Indiana, Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania and West Virginia. To view Vetr’s full report, visit Vetr’s official website. Receive News & Ratings for AK Steel Holding Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for AK Steel Holding Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Adobe Systems Inc. (ADBE) Stock Rating Lowered by Vetr Inc. Next » Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Magellan Health Services Inc. (MGLN) to Hold Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Acceleron Pharma Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts National Asset Management Inc. Sells 2 Shares of Apple Hospitality REIT, Inc. (APLE) Bemis Company, Inc. (BMS) Shares Bought by National Asset Management Inc. Panagora Asset Management Inc. Reduces Stake in Everest Re Group, Ltd. (RE) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 12,475 Shares of Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. (RS) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Acquires 186,494 Shares of American Express Company (AXP) CBS Corporation (CBS) Position Increased by Capital International Sarl Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Lowers Position in ADTRAN, Inc. (ADTN) Energizer Holdings, Inc. (ENR) Stake Lowered by Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 716,539 Shares of Verint Systems Inc. (VRNT) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $9,189,000 in Brunswick Corporation (BC) Gamestop Corporation (GME) Stake Cut by National Asset Management Inc. Blackstone Group L.P. Sells 11,441 Shares of W.R. Grace & Co. (GRA) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $52,380,000 Position in Artisan Partners Asset Management Inc. (APAM) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in United Therapeutics Corporation (UTHR) Coca-Cola European Partners PLC (CCE) Shares Sold by Highbridge Capital Management LLC Highbridge Capital Management LLC Sells 45,230 Shares of DISH Network Corporation (DISH) Highbridge Capital Management LLC Boosts Stake in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Moors & Cabot Inc. Sells 2,391 Shares of Mplx Lp (MPLX) General Mills, Inc. (GIS) Shares Bought by Moors & Cabot Inc. Moors & Cabot Inc. Has $1,034,000 Stake in National Oilwell Varco, Inc. (NOV) Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. Buys New Position in Acceleron Pharma Inc. (XLRN) Posted by William Strong on Jan 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. bought a new position in Acceleron Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:XLRN) during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the SEC. The institutional investor bought 300,000 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,857,000. Acceleron Pharma comprises 0.2% of Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd.’s holdings, making the stock its 21st largest position. Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. owned 0.79% of Acceleron Pharma at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Eagle Asset Management Inc. raised its position in shares of Acceleron Pharma by 11.5% in the third quarter. Eagle Asset Management Inc. now owns 806,975 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $29,204,000 after buying an additional 83,146 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC raised its position in Acceleron Pharma by 0.5% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 652,195 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $23,603,000 after buying an additional 3,278 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Acceleron Pharma by 0.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 801,745 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $29,015,000 after buying an additional 2,046 shares during the period. Laurion Capital Management LP purchased a new position in Acceleron Pharma during the third quarter worth approximately $24,971,000. Finally, First Trust Advisors LP purchased a new position in Acceleron Pharma during the third quarter worth approximately $1,141,000. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 81.85% of the company’s stock. Acceleron Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:XLRN) traded up 0.25% on Tuesday, hitting $24.53. 405,430 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Acceleron Pharma Inc. has a 12 month low of $22.67 and a 12 month high of $41.69. The stock’s market cap is $925.91 million. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $27.20 and a 200-day moving average price of $31.60. Acceleron Pharma (NASDAQ:XLRN) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd. The biopharmaceutical company reported ($0.55) EPS for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of ($0.53) by $0.02. Acceleron Pharma had a negative net margin of 229.77% and a negative return on equity of 30.75%. The business had revenue of $3 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.08 million. Equities analysts predict that Acceleron Pharma Inc. will post ($1.59) earnings per share for the current fiscal year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This news story was first published by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this news story on another site, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this news story can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/25/hillhouse-capital-management-ltd-buys-new-position-in-acceleron-pharma-inc-xlrn.html. A number of research firms have recently commented on XLRN. Credit Suisse Group AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $42.00 price objective on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Zacks Investment Research lowered shares of Acceleron Pharma from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a research report on Wednesday, January 11th. Cann began coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Monday, December 12th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $44.00 price objective for the company. Leerink Swann restated an “outperform” rating on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. began coverage on shares of Acceleron Pharma in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. They issued an “outperform” rating and a $44.00 price objective for the company. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of $45.82. In related news, Director Jean George sold 453,505 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of $38.39, for a total value of $17,410,056.95. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. Also, Director Terrance Mcguire sold 34,928 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, December 8th. The stock was sold at an average price of $30.96, for a total transaction of $1,081,370.88. Following the completion of the sale, the director now directly owns 1,624 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $50,279.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 494,633 shares of company stock valued at $18,661,613 in the last ninety days. Insiders own 12.20% of the company’s stock. Acceleron Pharma Company Profile Acceleron Pharma Inc is a United States-based clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on discovering and developing therapies to treat a range of diseases. Its therapeutic candidate, luspatercept, is being evaluated in Phase III studies for the treatment of the hematologic diseases myelodysplastic syndromes (MDS) and beta-thalassemia. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding XLRN? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Acceleron Pharma Inc. (NASDAQ:XLRN). Receive News & Ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Acceleron Pharma Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Capital Research Global Investors Sells 4,491 Shares of CSX Corp. (CSX) Next » Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. Invests $6,735,000 in SouFun Holdings Ltd. (SFUN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Blueprint Medicines Corp. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) Raises GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Price Target to GBX 1,850 Colgate-Palmolive Company (CL) Releases Quarterly Earnings Results, Meets Estimates First Merchants Corporation (FRME) Posts Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.05 EPS Q3 2017 EPS Estimates for ResMed Inc. Reduced by Analyst (RMD) ENSCO PLC (ESV) Debt Trading 1% Lower Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Legacy Reserves LP (LGCY) Bonds Rise 2.3% During Trading Markston International LLC Has $140,000 Position in St. Joe Company (The) (JOE) Markston International LLC Boosts Stake in Infinera Corporation (INFN) Pointe Capital Management LLC Has $416,000 Stake in Old Dominion Freight Line, Inc. (ODFL) Check Point Software Technologies Ltd. (CHKP) Shares Sold by Pointe Capital Management LLC Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Now Covered by Credit Suisse Group NVIDIA Corporation (NVDA) Position Raised by Arizona State Retirement System Super Micro Computer, Inc. (SMCI) Given New $40.00 Price Target at Maxim Group Columbia Asset Management Lowers Position in Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) 1PM Industries Inc (OPMZ) COO Sells $11,320.97 in Stock Finance Corporat International Sells 178,000 Shares of Sama Resources Inc (SME) Stock Joseph M. Jr. Manko Purchases 45,000 Shares of Repro-Med Systems, Inc. (REPR) Stock Anr Investments B.V. Acquires 41,000 Shares of Harte Gold Corp (HRT) Stock BB&T Corp Reduces Position in Kroger Company (The) (KR) Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. Acquires New Stake in Blueprint Medicines Corp. (BPMC) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. acquired a new position in shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. (NASDAQ:BPMC) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund acquired 170,615 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $5,067,000. Hillhouse Capital Management Ltd. owned approximately 0.63% of Blueprint Medicines Corp. at the end of the most recent quarter. Other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in Blueprint Medicines Corp. by 48.9% in the second quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 70,750 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,433,000 after buying an additional 23,244 shares during the last quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System increased its position in Blueprint Medicines Corp. by 111.4% in the second quarter. California State Teachers Retirement System now owns 41,962 shares of the company’s stock worth $850,000 after buying an additional 22,109 shares during the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in Blueprint Medicines Corp. by 98.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 159,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,228,000 after buying an additional 79,225 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors increased its position in Blueprint Medicines Corp. by 114.0% in the second quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors now owns 12,969 shares of the company’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 6,909 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in Blueprint Medicines Corp. by 7.4% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 566,995 shares of the company’s stock worth $11,481,000 after buying an additional 39,253 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 59.38% of the company’s stock. Shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. (NASDAQ:BPMC) traded up 2.12% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, hitting $32.82. The company had a trading volume of 278,442 shares. Blueprint Medicines Corp. has a 52-week low of $13.04 and a 52-week high of $38.33. The stock’s 50-day moving average is $29.30 and its 200-day moving average is $28.11. The stock’s market cap is $895.76 million. Blueprint Medicines Corp. (NASDAQ:BPMC) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 10th. The company reported ($0.62) EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of ($0.79) by $0.17. The company had revenue of $6.16 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $6.06 million. Blueprint Medicines Corp. had a negative return on equity of 55.22% and a negative net margin of 270.30%. The firm’s quarterly revenue was up 79.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the firm posted ($0.47) earnings per share. Equities analysts forecast that Blueprint Medicines Corp. will post ($2.74) earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/hillhouse-capital-management-ltd-acquires-new-stake-in-blueprint-medicines-corp-bpmc.html. BPMC has been the topic of a number of recent analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Blueprint Medicines Corp. from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $31.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Friday, October 7th. Cowen and Company reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. in a research report on Thursday, November 3rd. Wedbush reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $41.00 target price on shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. in a research report on Thursday, November 10th. Canaccord Genuity set a $35.00 target price on Blueprint Medicines Corp. and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Saturday, November 12th. Finally, JMP Securities reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. in a research report on Thursday, December 1st. One analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating and eight have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $32.58. In other news, major shareholder Kevin P. Starr sold 106,489 shares of Blueprint Medicines Corp. stock in a transaction dated Monday, December 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $28.19, for a total transaction of $3,001,924.91. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Insiders own 3.93% of the company’s stock. About Blueprint Medicines Corp. Blueprint Medicines Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company. The Company focuses on patients with genomically defined diseases driven by abnormal kinase activation. The Company focuses on crafting drug candidates with therapeutic windows that provide clinical responses to patients without adequate treatment options. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BPMC? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Blueprint Medicines Corp. (NASDAQ:BPMC). Receive News & Ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Blueprint Medicines Corp. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump Trump Says EU Dissolution Was Caused by Refugees © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance NetEase Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for NetEase Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Whale Rock Capital Management LLC Buys 79,750 Shares of NetEase Inc. (NTES) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Whale Rock Capital Management LLC increased its position in shares of NetEase Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES) by 42.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The fund owned 265,891 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 79,750 shares during the period. NetEase comprises approximately 4.1% of Whale Rock Capital Management LLC’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 8th largest position. Whale Rock Capital Management LLC’s holdings in NetEase were worth $64,021,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently made changes to their positions in NTES. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp raised its stake in shares of NetEase by 1.7% in the second quarter. DUPONT CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Corp now owns 221,349 shares of the company’s stock worth $42,769,000 after buying an additional 3,620 shares in the last quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp raised its stake in shares of NetEase by 50.5% in the second quarter. Her Majesty the Queen in Right of the Province of Alberta as represented by Alberta Investment Management Corp now owns 184,958 shares of the company’s stock worth $35,738,000 after buying an additional 62,070 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its stake in shares of NetEase by 11.8% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 764,542 shares of the company’s stock worth $184,086,000 after buying an additional 80,555 shares in the last quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. raised its stake in shares of NetEase by 68.5% in the second quarter. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. now owns 211,298 shares of the company’s stock worth $40,827,000 after buying an additional 85,926 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Maple Brown Abbott Ltd raised its stake in shares of NetEase by 9.2% in the second quarter. Maple Brown Abbott Ltd now owns 149,716 shares of the company’s stock worth $28,928,000 after buying an additional 12,670 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 56.04% of the company’s stock. Shares of NetEase Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES) traded up 2.36% during mid-day trading on Tuesday, reaching $254.45. 1,307,448 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. The company has a market cap of $33.36 billion, a P/E ratio of 22.90 and a beta of 0.68. The company’s 50 day moving average is $225.87 and its 200 day moving average is $227.55. NetEase Inc. has a 12-month low of $129.60 and a 12-month high of $272.58. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: This report was published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/whale-rock-capital-management-llc-buys-79750-shares-of-netease-inc-ntes.html. A number of equities research analysts have recently issued reports on the stock. CICC Research raised shares of NetEase to a “buy” rating and set a $345.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, October 12th. T.H. Capital reissued a “buy” rating and set a $297.00 price objective (up previously from $227.00) on shares of NetEase in a research report on Thursday, October 13th. Vetr raised shares of NetEase from a “buy” rating to a “strong-buy” rating and set a $294.91 price objective for the company in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st. raised shares of NetEase from an “underperform” rating to an “outperform” rating and set a $272.00 price objective for the company in a research report on Monday, October 3rd. Finally, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. reissued a “buy” rating and set a $305.00 price objective on shares of NetEase in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $255.88. NetEase Company Profile NetEase, Inc (NetEase) is a technology company. The Company operates an interactive online community in China and is a provider of Chinese language content and services through its online games, Internet media, e-mail, e-commerce and other businesses. The Company operates through three segments: Online Game Services; Advertising Services, and E-mail, E-commerce and Others. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding NTES? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for NetEase Inc. (NASDAQ:NTES). Receive News & Ratings for NetEase Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for NetEase Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Fibria Celulose SA - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Shares Bought by U S Global Investors Inc. January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet U S Global Investors Inc. increased its position in Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) by 88.8% during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor owned 243,600 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 114,600 shares during the period. Fibria Celulose SA comprises approximately 0.8% of U S Global Investors Inc.’s portfolio, making the stock its 26th largest position. U S Global Investors Inc.’s holdings in Fibria Celulose SA were worth $1,722,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. increased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA by 8.6% in the second quarter. Daiwa Securities Group Inc. now owns 156,400 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,057,000 after buying an additional 12,400 shares in the last quarter. Advisory Services Network LLC bought a new stake in Fibria Celulose SA during the second quarter worth approximately $186,000. Airain ltd increased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA by 110.1% in the second quarter. Airain ltd now owns 145,004 shares of the company’s stock worth $980,000 after buying an additional 75,994 shares in the last quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA by 15.2% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 28,770 shares of the company’s stock worth $195,000 after buying an additional 3,802 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Vanguard Group Inc. increased its stake in Fibria Celulose SA by 1.0% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 1,296,853 shares of the company’s stock worth $8,767,000 after buying an additional 13,091 shares in the last quarter. 6.93% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR) traded up 1.00% during trading on Tuesday, reaching $10.07. 1,558,886 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $9.63 and its 200 day moving average price is $7.79. Fibria Celulose SA has a 52 week low of $5.79 and a 52 week high of $11.05. The firm has a market capitalization of $5.77 billion, a PE ratio of 6.72 and a beta of 0.47. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Shares Bought by U S Global Investors Inc.” was originally published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/fibria-celulose-sa-fbr-shares-bought-by-u-s-global-investors-inc.html. A number of analysts recently commented on FBR shares. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Fibria Celulose SA from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $8.00 price objective on the stock in a report on Monday, October 3rd. Morgan Stanley raised shares of Fibria Celulose SA from an “equal weight” rating to an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the stock. Fibria Celulose SA has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $8.95. Fibria Celulose SA Company Profile Fibria Celulose SA (Fibria) is a Brazil-based pulp and paper producer. The Company’s activities are focused on the renewable and sustainable forests and the manufacture and sale of bleached eucalyptus kraft pulp. Forests in formation are located in the states of Sao Paulo, Mato Grosso do Sul, Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro, Espirito Santo, Bahia and Rio Grande do Sul. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FBR? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Fibria Celulose SA (NYSE:FBR). Receive News & Ratings for Fibria Celulose SA Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Fibria Celulose SA and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance FCB Financial Holdings Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Perkins Investment Management LLC Has $28,707,000 Position in FCB Financial Holdings Inc. (FCB) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Perkins Investment Management LLC increased its stake in shares of FCB Financial Holdings Inc. (NYSE:FCB) by 26.2% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 746,998 shares of the company’s stock after buying an additional 154,887 shares during the period. Perkins Investment Management LLC owned 1.83% of FCB Financial Holdings worth $28,707,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. A number of other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in FCB. Oak Hill Advisors LP increased its position in FCB Financial Holdings by 152.2% in the third quarter. Oak Hill Advisors LP now owns 2,744,824 shares of the company’s stock valued at $105,483,000 after buying an additional 1,656,423 shares during the period. Vanguard Group Inc. increased its position in FCB Financial Holdings by 0.8% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 2,104,242 shares of the company’s stock valued at $71,544,000 after buying an additional 15,730 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in FCB Financial Holdings by 2.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 1,811,685 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,623,000 after buying an additional 47,691 shares during the period. JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its position in FCB Financial Holdings by 1.2% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,107,057 shares of the company’s stock valued at $42,544,000 after buying an additional 12,862 shares during the period. Finally, Boston Partners increased its position in FCB Financial Holdings by 185.9% in the third quarter. Boston Partners now owns 876,431 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,681,000 after buying an additional 569,858 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 94.14% of the company’s stock. Shares of FCB Financial Holdings Inc. (NYSE:FCB) traded up 2.31% during midday trading on Tuesday, hitting $46.55. The stock had a trading volume of 158,714 shares. The firm has a 50 day moving average price of $47.04 and a 200-day moving average price of $40.11. FCB Financial Holdings Inc. has a 52-week low of $28.64 and a 52-week high of $49.05. The stock has a market cap of $1.91 billion, a PE ratio of 19.84 and a beta of 1.40. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another publication, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/perkins-investment-management-llc-has-28707000-position-in-fcb-financial-holdings-inc-fcb.html. FCB has been the topic of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research downgraded FCB Financial Holdings from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Hovde Group cut FCB Financial Holdings from an “outperform” rating to a “market perform” rating in a report on Monday, November 14th. Citigroup Inc. assumed coverage on FCB Financial Holdings in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. They set a “market perform” rating on the stock. Raymond James Financial Inc. assumed coverage on FCB Financial Holdings in a report on Wednesday, November 30th. They set a “mkt perform” rating on the stock. Finally, Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of FCB Financial Holdings in a report on Friday, October 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. FCB Financial Holdings currently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and an average target price of $46.33. In other news, insider Vincent Tese sold 14,100 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 20th. The stock was sold at an average price of $45.78, for a total value of $645,498.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 396,399 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $18,147,146.22. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, CEO Kent S. Ellert sold 25,090 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, January 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $45.64, for a total value of $1,145,107.60. Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now directly owns 152,956 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $6,980,911.84. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 99,190 shares of company stock valued at $4,394,406. 17.70% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. FCB Financial Holdings Company Profile FCB Financial Holdings, Inc is a bank holding company with one national bank subsidiary, Florida Community Bank, National Association (the Bank). The Company operates in the Community Banking segment. Through the Bank, the Company provides a range of retail and commercial banking services. The Company provides a range of financial products and services to individuals, small and medium-sized businesses, some large businesses, and other local organizations and entities through approximately 50 branches in south and central Florida. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding FCB? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for FCB Financial Holdings Inc. (NYSE:FCB). Receive News & Ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for FCB Financial Holdings Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Yandex NV - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yandex NV with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Two Sigma Securities LLC Buys Shares of 10,100 Yandex NV (YNDX) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Two Sigma Securities LLC purchased a new position in shares of Yandex NV (NASDAQ:YNDX) during the third quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The institutional investor purchased 10,100 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $213,000. A number of other large investors have also bought and sold shares of YNDX. Vanguard Group Inc. boosted its stake in Yandex NV by 1.3% in the second quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 139,484 shares of the company’s stock worth $3,048,000 after buying an additional 1,839 shares in the last quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. raised its position in shares of Yandex NV by 0.6% in the second quarter. Baillie Gifford & Co. now owns 23,547,389 shares of the company’s stock worth $514,510,000 after buying an additional 130,734 shares during the last quarter. Nationwide Fund Advisors purchased a new position in shares of Yandex NV during the second quarter worth $5,626,000. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Yandex NV by 67.8% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 73,826 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,613,000 after buying an additional 29,839 shares during the last quarter. Finally, William Blair Investment Management LLC raised its position in shares of Yandex NV by 1,553.5% in the second quarter. William Blair Investment Management LLC now owns 4,489,064 shares of the company’s stock worth $98,086,000 after buying an additional 4,217,581 shares during the last quarter. 64.01% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Shares of Yandex NV (NASDAQ:YNDX) traded up 4.98% on Tuesday, hitting $23.19. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,800,409 shares. Yandex NV has a one year low of $12.29 and a one year high of $23.87. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $20.80 and a 200 day moving average price of $20.78. The firm has a market cap of $7.46 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 27.84 and a beta of 2.80. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Two Sigma Securities LLC Buys Shares of 10,100 Yandex NV (YNDX)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark law. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/two-sigma-securities-llc-buys-shares-of-10100-yandex-nv-yndx.html. YNDX has been the subject of a number of research analyst reports. Credit Suisse Group AG initiated coverage on Yandex NV in a research report on Friday, December 30th. They set an “outperform” rating and a $23.72 price objective for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Yandex NV from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Wednesday, September 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has an average rating of “Buy” and an average price target of $23.51. About Yandex NV Yandex N.V. (Yandex) is an Internet and technology company, and operates an Internet search engine. The Company’ s segments include Search and Portal, offers a range of services in Russia, Ukraine, Belarus and Kazakhstan, among which are search, location-based, personalized and mobile services, that enable the Company’s users to find relevant and objective information to communicate and connect over the Internet, from both their desktops and mobile devices; E-commerce, which includes Yandex.Market e-commerce gateway service that gives retailers an additional platform to reach customers seeking specific retailer, product or price information; Classifieds, which includes online advertising and listing services, and Taxi, which offers online transportation service delivered through Yandex and Taxi operates in over 10 cities across Russia and in Minsk, Belarus. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding YNDX? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Yandex NV (NASDAQ:YNDX). Receive News & Ratings for Yandex NV Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Yandex NV and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Eqt Midstrm Ptr - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eqt Midstrm Ptr with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 12,200 Shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr (EQM) January 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Advantus Capital Management Inc lowered its stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr (NYSE:EQM) by 31.7% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 26,300 shares of the company’s stock after selling 12,200 shares during the period. Advantus Capital Management Inc’s holdings in Eqt Midstrm Ptr were worth $2,004,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of EQM. Hamlin Capital Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr during the second quarter valued at $42,253,000. Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr by 31.2% in the second quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 177,429 shares of the company’s stock valued at $14,248,000 after buying an additional 42,184 shares in the last quarter. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC boosted its stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr by 14.0% in the third quarter. Tiedemann Wealth Management LLC now owns 22,436 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,711,000 after buying an additional 2,751 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr by 43.9% in the third quarter. BlackRock Advisors LLC now owns 226,416 shares of the company’s stock valued at $17,251,000 after buying an additional 69,110 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr by 3.5% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 913,542 shares of the company’s stock valued at $69,603,000 after buying an additional 31,029 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 71.78% of the company’s stock. Eqt Midstrm Ptr (NYSE:EQM) traded up 1.40% during midday trading on Tuesday, reaching $77.23. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 222,703 shares. The firm has a market cap of $6.22 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.02 and a beta of 0.91. The company’s 50-day moving average is $74.51 and its 200 day moving average is $75.95. Eqt Midstrm Ptr has a 12-month low of $60.31 and a 12-month high of $80.63. Eqt Midstrm Ptr (NYSE:EQM) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, October 27th. The company reported $1.23 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.18 by $0.05. Eqt Midstrm Ptr had a return on equity of 27.10% and a net margin of 68.88%. The firm had revenue of $170.84 million for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $176.24 million. During the same period in the previous year, the firm posted $1.12 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up 14.8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Eqt Midstrm Ptr will post $5.24 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, February 14th. Stockholders of record on Friday, February 3rd will be issued a $0.85 dividend. This represents a $3.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 4.40%. This is a boost from Eqt Midstrm Ptr’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.82. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, February 1st. Eqt Midstrm Ptr’s payout ratio is 63.30%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Advantus Capital Management Inc Sells 12,200 Shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr (EQM)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/24/advantus-capital-management-inc-sells-12200-shares-of-eqt-midstrm-ptr-eqm.html. EQM has been the subject of several analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research cut Eqt Midstrm Ptr from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, September 27th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating on shares of Eqt Midstrm Ptr in a report on Friday, October 14th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus increased their target price on Eqt Midstrm Ptr from $78.00 to $82.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a report on Friday, October 14th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $84.30. Eqt Midstrm Ptr Company Profile EQT Midstream Partners, LP (EQM) owns, operates, acquires and develops midstream assets in the Appalachian Basin. The Company operates through two segments: Transmission and storage, which includes its Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)-regulated interstate pipeline and storage business, and Gathering, which includes high pressure gathering lines and the FERC-regulated low pressure gathering system. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding EQM? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Eqt Midstrm Ptr (NYSE:EQM). Receive News & Ratings for Eqt Midstrm Ptr Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Eqt Midstrm Ptr and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Sign in Sign out Create account Your account Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Mid-Career Internship For women who have been away from the workforce for a spell, sometimes re-entry programs are the only way back in. Jae C. Hong / AP Most Popular How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri Jan 27, 2017 On Pitying Melania Megan Garber Jan 25, 2017 Which Christians Are Telling Donald Trump to Keep Out Refugees? Emma Green Jan 27, 2017 The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams May 16, 2016 A Twitter Tribute to Holocaust Victims Candice Norwood Jan 27, 2017 Bourree Lam Jan 26, 2017 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Economists studying women and work have consistently cited career interruptions as a one of the main reason that a variety of workplace inequalities persist—from long-term pay penalties for dropping out, to missing promotions that would (theoretically) put women in leadership positions. In fact, the gender pay gap is the most dire for married women. And while the overall pay gap has been slowly closing for decades, the motherhood penalty—whereby women with children experience wage penalties that women without children and men don’t—has not diminished over time. The term “off-ramping” is used to describe women who are voluntarily leaving their job for an extended amount of time. In a 2015 survey from Pew Research, nearly 40 percent of women with children reported taking a significant amount of time off work, and 27 percent reported quitting their jobs for responsibilities at home. And for these women, the “on ramps” can be hard to locate when they’re ready to rejoin the workforce. “I guess I had always just expected in my head that I would finish up to a certain point with my children, and then go back to work. When that time came, it was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be,” said Lisa Stephens, who left the workforce in 1992. Stephens had worked at IBM in the software department, and decided to stay home to raise her two sons. Twenty years later, Stephens wanted to go back to work and started strategizing how she could make that happen. She took courses online on software development, and started to pursue an advanced degree, but wasn’t seeing much interest from employers. Her break came in the form of an internship designed specifically for women who had taken career breaks with the data company Return Path. Stephens was part of the inaugural class or a 20-week paid “return internship” at the company, and was hired on full-time as a software engineer at the conclusion of the internship. The term returnship was coined (and trademarked) by Goldman Sachs in 2008, when the investment bank started a 10-week program for women and men with career gaps who were looking to get back to full-time work. Since then, the returnship has gained momentum in the banking sector. Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, and JPMorgan all have work re-entry programs, and last year General Motors added one as well. A group of companies in the tech sector have also joined the endeavor, led by Path Forward, a non-profit that Return Path created last year. While return internship options are largely available for only white-collar jobs at the moment, it’s this population of professional women who tend to marry husbands with enough income to afford becoming a single-earner household while women in lower-paying jobs cannot afford to drop out. There’s evidence that the success rate post-internship has been high: At the conclusion of the program, GM extended full-time offers to nine participants. The program at Goldman is similarly popular: The program sees hundreds of applications every year for the 20 to 30 spots available, and the company reports that about half of the returnship program participants now work at the company full-time. While promising, these re-entry programs are only part of the solution. The programs are small in size, in white-collar sectors, and demand outstrips actual positions. For example, GM’s Take-2 career re-entry program had 400 applicants competing for 10 internships. Tami Forman, the executive director of Path Forward, says she sees reentry programs as a step toward helping women get back to work. Forman says that for tech companies struggling with diversity and competing for talent, these programs make business sense because it taps into a population of highly qualified women. Currently, Path Forward works with 20 companies, including PayPal, Instacart, and Quantcast on return-to-work programs. “What I think is also going to start to happen is as these companies see success with this model, they will grow that program over time and see that they can find great people who they want to hire and keep and who become really amazing employees,” said Forman. But the question that remains is whether a woman with significant work experience would be interested in an internship instead of a full-time job—and if that’s her best option. That it’s even a consideration points to how difficult it can be to re-enter to workforce after a significant break, as well as how hard it is to find employers who will hire professional women with resume gaps. “For a woman who’s been out for 15 years, it is a welcomed opportunity,” says Jennifer Gefsky, the co-founder of Après, a networking site for women with gaps in their resumes that boasts 20,000 members. Gefsky says that the women on Après have generally been out of the workforce for around two years, and 41 percent says they intend to return full-time. “There is not this message coming from corporate America saying ‘we want women who have gaps in their resumes.’ They don’t really think like that,” says Gefsky. “The more examples we can show of successful returners, the easier it is for companies to feel like they’re not taking a huge leap of faith.” Gefsky, who was the deputy general counsel for Major League Baseball before she took a career break, says that confidence is big part of the issue. She argues that return internship program helps women who have dropped out feel less isolated, with networking and job training helping to build confidence—the latter of which is particularly important since there’s an established confidence gap between men and women, which is exacerbated by dropping out of the workforce. “There’s so much fear factor,” says Gefsky. “I think it’s essential for women who are returning to work to network with one another. It makes the process easier, and the process is not easy. There will be rejection and it will take time. It can be scary.” For Stephens, the internship was exciting and validating. But she also she felt unsure about whether it would jump-start her career. “Would that internship have been enough to have other employers take me seriously as a candidate? I still don’t know the answer to that. After being out for 20 years, would three months be enough?” reflects Stephens. On the part of the companies, Forman says that it’s crucial to address these concerns by providing training and work that actually fill the resume gap. “The return internship needs to produce mission-critical work for the company,” explains Forman. For these programs to work for both parties, the company needs assign “real work” so to speak in order to reap value from the return internship. In turn, this aspect is important for the participants as well. Forman explains that doing real work, and not busy work often associated with post-college internships, is what helps women returning to the workforce to update her resume with relevant experience. Further, Forman says that companies shouldn’t feel like they’re getting a discount. Once returnship interns become employees, they should be compensated at the same rate as others in the same job function. Of course, another part of the solution is to make sure that the off-ramps don’t turn into dead ends. Forman says that in addition to return internships, better paid-leave policies and measures to ensure that women return to the workforce faster can help. According to research by economists Francine Blau and Lawrence Kahn at Cornell University, the U.S. has fallen far behind other OECD countries in female labor-force participation in the last decade as other countries embraced and expanded family-friendly workplace policies. (On the flip side, however, they speculated that generous leave mandates could lead to women taking longer leaves, and employers discriminating women for high-level positions in anticipation that they’ll drop out.) For women who return to the workforce via return internships, Forman says most don’t mind starting off in a temporary, intern position, “What they want is to get back and be able to be productive and accomplish things again.” With the rise of return internships, there’s at least some hope that employers are taking note of just how serious the need to support women in the workplace is, as well as how they can create better incentives and policies that keep women in the workforce long-term. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Smoked Salmon the Old-School Way How one Irishman uses 10,000-year-old turf to prepare fish from the Wild Atlantic Way Nadine Ajaka Jan 27, 2017 About the Author Bourree Lam is an associate editor at The Atlantic. She was previously the editor of Freakonomics.com. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri The president is taking the United States back to the nightmares of the world before the Second World War: closed borders, limited trade, and a go-it-alone national race to the bottom. Despite all the lies and distortions, President Donald Trump has spent his first week in office assembling a coherent and well-planned framework for foreign policy. It is hiding in plain sight—frequently missed in the storm of tweets and the attacks on domestic enemies. Read as a whole and in detail, with attention to their larger single-minded purpose, Trump’s executive orders are the blueprints for the most significant shift in American foreign policy since the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. The latest drafts of executive orders, several of which the president will reportedly sign Friday at the Pentagon, are bold and breathtaking in their reach. They are strategic and transformative. They are also poised to destroy the foundations for the last 70 years of American-led peace and prosperity. The orders question the very ideas of cooperation and democracy, embodying an aggressive commitment to “America First” above all else. So much for the “defense of the free world,” and the “march of freedom”—obvious soft-headed “loser” ideas for the new team of White House cynics. Continue Reading Lucy Nicholson / Reuters On Pitying Melania Megan Garber Via memes, jokes, and fan fictions, many Americans have taken it upon themselves to feel bad for their new first lady. She is not in need of the sympathy. Did you see the gif? The one that features Melania Trump, the newly installed first lady of the United States, radiantly smiling as her husband gazes upon her … and then, as he turns away, allowing the grin to melt into a frown? Grin-grimace, grin-grimace, grin-grimace, looping into eternity. Call it a Kinsley gif: The image seemed to reveal, in its frozen fluidity, an unspoken truth—about Melania, about her marriage, about all of us. During a time of Much News, it quickly became conversation fodder. Slate offered “A Detailed Forensic Analysis of Melania Trump’s Creepy, Devastating Inauguration Smile/Frown.” Jezebel shared it with the sardonic declaration that “Melania Trump Definitely Loves Her Husband and Is Very Happy to Be Here.” New York magazine did a fact-check of the video the gif came from to assure us, finally, that “That Awkward Clip of Donald and Melania at the Inauguration Is Definitely Real.” (Snopes agreed, but warned that the video is inconclusive when it comes to its ability to reveal Melania’s emotions.) #FreeMelania trended. Continue Reading Lenny Ignelzi / AP Which Christians Are Telling Donald Trump to Keep Out Refugees? Emma Green Many religious groups have urged the president not to give Christians priority in seeking asylum, but some conservative political organizations back his new policy. President Trump has signed an executive order that temporarily suspends the U.S. refugee program and bars Syrian refugees. It will likely suspend immigration from certain Muslim-majority countries and bars the admission of anyone who engages in “acts of bigotry or hatred,” including “the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own.” It also allows the the secretaries of State and Homeland Security to jointly admit individuals on a case-by-case basis, “including when the person is a religious minority ... facing religious persecution.” In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday, Trump clarified what this means: Christians refugees will be given priority status. “They’ve been horribly treated,” the president said. “Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough, to get into the United States? If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible.” People overseas “were chopping off the heads of everybody, but more so the Christians,” he added, “so we are going to help them.” Continue Reading Tom Pennington / Getty Images The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosity—a psychologist investigates how Trump’s extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency. In 2006, Donald Trump made plans to purchase the Menie Estate, near Aberdeen, Scotland, aiming to convert the dunes and grassland into a luxury golf resort. He and the estate’s owner, Tom Griffin, sat down to discuss the transaction at the Cock & Bull restaurant. Griffin recalls that Trump was a hard-nosed negotiator, reluctant to give in on even the tiniest details. But, as Michael D’Antonio writes in his recent biography of Trump, Never Enough, Griffin’s most vivid recollection of the evening pertains to the theatrics. It was as if the golden-haired guest sitting across the table were an actor playing a part on the London stage. “It was Donald Trump playing Donald Trump,” Griffin observed. There was something unreal about it. Continue Reading Bettman / Getty A Twitter Tribute to Holocaust Victims Candice Norwood A new social-media project commemorates refugees turned away by the United States in 1939. Software developer Russel Neiss and Rabbi Charlie Schwartz have collaborated on a number of projects that use technology to bring awareness to Jewish issues, history, and culture. But last night they dreamt up the St. Louis Manifest, a Twitter project sharing the story of some 900 Jews who fled Nazi Germany in 1939 on the MS St. Louis in an attempt to gain entry into the United States. After being turned way, the passengers were forced to return to Europe, where a number of countries accepted them as refugees; 254 of them were killed in the Holocaust. This story, Neiss and Schwartz believe, serves as a fitting tribute to International Holocaust Remembrance Day on Friday, and a reminder of a time in American history when the country closed its doors to refugees. Continue Reading Mark Kauzlarich / Reuters What Does the Billionaire Family Backing Donald Trump Really Want? Rosie Gray The Mercers are enjoying more influence than ever with their candidate in the White House—but no one seems to know how they intend to use it. She owns a cookie store. He loves model trains. They both hate the Clintons. And beyond that, not much is clear about the motivations of the Mercer father-daughter duo of Republican megadonors who have become two of the most powerful people in the country over the last 18 months. Hedge-fund billionaire Robert Mercer and his daughter Rebekah were among the earliest and strongest backers of Donald Trump while other elite donors still disdained him. It turned out to be a good investment. But now, with their favored candidate freshly installed as president of the United States, it remains unclear what they believe, or what they hope their investment will yield. The Mercers have been a quiet but constant presence in the background of Republican politics since the beginning of the 2016 cycle. They started the campaign as backers of Ted Cruz, pouring millions into one of the main super PACs supporting his candidacy. Their data firm, Cambridge Analytica, was hired by the Cruz campaign. They switched to support Trump shortly after he clinched the nomination, and he eventually hired Cambridge Analytica, as well. Their top political guru is Steve Bannon, the former Breitbart News chairman and White House chief strategist. They’re close, too, with Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, who also has a senior role in the White House. They never speak to the press and hardly ever even release a public statement. Like Trump himself, they’ve flouted the standard playbook for how things are done in politics. Continue Reading Stoyan Nenov / Reuters The Coldhearted Folly of Trump's Proposed Immigration Order Graeme Wood The countries likely affected are not those whose nationals have actually perpetrated the most ghastly attacks on Western targets. When I first started talking to ISIS propagandists and supporters, I was much impressed by one of their favorite Koranic verses: “We have already created man and know what his soul whispers to him, and We are closer to him than [his] jugular vein.” The verse is a reminder of God’s omnipresence, and his Santa Claus-like awareness of our deepest selves, our sins, and our good deeds. In time, I came to associate that unsettling proximity (He is closer than you think) not only with God, but also with ISIS. They too were less distant than they seemed. What seemed at first like a movement of barbarians with alien origins and impulses looked increasingly like a human phenomenon, with human flaws and virtues (mostly flaws). The more I investigated the group’s supporters, the more I found people who at one point had shared my culture and community, even if they tried to throw it all away in the service of something wicked. In the end I discovered that one of the most important figures in the Islamic State, a mysterious ideologue named Yahya Abu Hassan, was not Syrian or Iraqi at all, but a 33-year-old American, a dope-smoking theological prodigy from my own hometown. Continue Reading Dave Imms / Mosaic How Iceland Got Teens to Say No to Drugs Emma Young Curfews, sports, and understanding kids’ brain chemistry have all helped dramatically curb substance abuse in the country. It’s a little before 3 p.m. on a sunny Friday afternoon and Laugardalur Park, near central Reykjavik, looks practically deserted. There’s an occasional adult with a stroller, but the park’s surrounded by apartment blocks and houses, and school’s out—so where are all the kids? Walking with me are Gudberg Jónsson, a local psychologist, and Harvey Milkman, an American psychology professor who teaches for part of the year at Reykjavik University. Twenty years ago, says Gudberg, Icelandic teens were among the heaviest-drinking youths in Europe. “You couldn’t walk the streets in downtown Reykjavik on a Friday night because it felt unsafe,” adds Milkman. “There were hordes of teenagers getting in-your-face drunk.” Continue Reading Jon Woo / Reuters Can the U.S. Military Compete With China’s Rooster-Dancing Capabilities? Uri Friedman Behold the awesome power of the People’s Liberation Army. The Chinese government clearly received the message when Donald Trump pledged to not only rebuild the U.S. military, but also show it off with parades down Pennsylvania Avenue and flyovers of New York City. In response, Beijing has sent America’s new president a signal that it too can play that game. That signal comes in the form of a rooster, which, in Chinese astrology, is associated with people who are hardworking, supremely confident, and demanding of attention. In marking the dawn of each new day, one Chinese scholar observes, roosters are in charge of “time.” The Chinese government’s point—at a time of serious tensions between the world powers over trade, Taiwan, and the South China Sea—is unambiguous: Trump may want to Make America Great Again, but the coming century belongs to China, not America. Continue Reading Ian Allen My President Was Black Ta-Nehisi Coates A history of the first African American White House—and of what came next In the waning days of President Barack Obama’s administration, he and his wife, Michelle, hosted a farewell party, the full import of which no one could then grasp. It was late October, Friday the 21st, and the president had spent many of the previous weeks, as he would spend the two subsequent weeks, campaigning for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Things were looking up. Polls in the crucial states of Virginia and Pennsylvania showed Clinton with solid advantages. The formidable GOP strongholds of Georgia and Texas were said to be under threat. The moment seemed to buoy Obama. He had been light on his feet in these last few weeks, cracking jokes at the expense of Republican opponents and laughing off hecklers. At a rally in Orlando on October 28, he greeted a student who would be introducing him by dancing toward her and then noting that the song playing over the loudspeakers—the Gap Band’s “Outstanding”—was older than she was. Continue Reading Ways to Avoid Staring at Your Phone Before Bed James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Alice Roth Every night, set aside “the amazing hour." Watch Video What It Was Like to Watch the U.S. Presidential Election in a London Bar Nadine Ajaka “I can’t believe that the greatest country on earth, the best two people they can muster are these two individuals.” Watch Video A Reflection on Trump's Uncharted Presidency James Fallows, Caitlin Cadieux, Leah Varjacques, and Daniel Lombroso In a short animation, James Fallows considers what’s in store for this new era of American politics. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Writers Projects Next America Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Sign in Sign out Create account Your account Newsletters Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Mid-Career Internship For women who have been away from the workforce for a spell, sometimes re-entry programs are the only way back in. Jae C. Hong / AP Most Popular How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri Jan 27, 2017 On Pitying Melania Megan Garber Jan 25, 2017 Which Christians Are Telling Donald Trump to Keep Out Refugees? Emma Green Jan 27, 2017 The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams May 16, 2016 A Twitter Tribute to Holocaust Victims Candice Norwood Jan 27, 2017 Bourree Lam Jan 26, 2017 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Economists studying women and work have consistently cited career interruptions as a one of the main reason that a variety of workplace inequalities persist—from long-term pay penalties for dropping out, to missing promotions that would (theoretically) put women in leadership positions. In fact, the gender pay gap is the most dire for married women. And while the overall pay gap has been slowly closing for decades, the motherhood penalty—whereby women with children experience wage penalties that women without children and men don’t—has not diminished over time. The term “off-ramping” is used to describe women who are voluntarily leaving their job for an extended amount of time. In a 2015 survey from Pew Research, nearly 40 percent of women with children reported taking a significant amount of time off work, and 27 percent reported quitting their jobs for responsibilities at home. And for these women, the “on ramps” can be hard to locate when they’re ready to rejoin the workforce. “I guess I had always just expected in my head that I would finish up to a certain point with my children, and then go back to work. When that time came, it was a lot more difficult than I thought it would be,” said Lisa Stephens, who left the workforce in 1992. Stephens had worked at IBM in the software department, and decided to stay home to raise her two sons. Twenty years later, Stephens wanted to go back to work and started strategizing how she could make that happen. She took courses online on software development, and started to pursue an advanced degree, but wasn’t seeing much interest from employers. Her break came in the form of an internship designed specifically for women who had taken career breaks with the data company Return Path. Stephens was part of the inaugural class or a 20-week paid “return internship” at the company, and was hired on full-time as a software engineer at the conclusion of the internship. The term returnship was coined (and trademarked) by Goldman Sachs in 2008, when the investment bank started a 10-week program for women and men with career gaps who were looking to get back to full-time work. Since then, the returnship has gained momentum in the banking sector. Credit Suisse, Morgan Stanley, and JPMorgan all have work re-entry programs, and last year General Motors added one as well. A group of companies in the tech sector have also joined the endeavor, led by Path Forward, a non-profit that Return Path created last year. While return internship options are largely available for only white-collar jobs at the moment, it’s this population of professional women who tend to marry husbands with enough income to afford becoming a single-earner household while women in lower-paying jobs cannot afford to drop out. There’s evidence that the success rate post-internship has been high: At the conclusion of the program, GM extended full-time offers to nine participants. The program at Goldman is similarly popular: The program sees hundreds of applications every year for the 20 to 30 spots available, and the company reports that about half of the returnship program participants now work at the company full-time. While promising, these re-entry programs are only part of the solution. The programs are small in size, in white-collar sectors, and demand outstrips actual positions. For example, GM’s Take-2 career re-entry program had 400 applicants competing for 10 internships. Tami Forman, the executive director of Path Forward, says she sees reentry programs as a step toward helping women get back to work. Forman says that for tech companies struggling with diversity and competing for talent, these programs make business sense because it taps into a population of highly qualified women. Currently, Path Forward works with 20 companies, including PayPal, Instacart, and Quantcast on return-to-work programs. “What I think is also going to start to happen is as these companies see success with this model, they will grow that program over time and see that they can find great people who they want to hire and keep and who become really amazing employees,” said Forman. But the question that remains is whether a woman with significant work experience would be interested in an internship instead of a full-time job—and if that’s her best option. That it’s even a consideration points to how difficult it can be to re-enter to workforce after a significant break, as well as how hard it is to find employers who will hire professional women with resume gaps. “For a woman who’s been out for 15 years, it is a welcomed opportunity,” says Jennifer Gefsky, the co-founder of Après, a networking site for women with gaps in their resumes that boasts 20,000 members. Gefsky says that the women on Après have generally been out of the workforce for around two years, and 41 percent says they intend to return full-time. “There is not this message coming from corporate America saying ‘we want women who have gaps in their resumes.’ They don’t really think like that,” says Gefsky. “The more examples we can show of successful returners, the easier it is for companies to feel like they’re not taking a huge leap of faith.” Gefsky, who was the deputy general counsel for Major League Baseball before she took a career break, says that confidence is big part of the issue. She argues that return internship program helps women who have dropped out feel less isolated, with networking and job training helping to build confidence—the latter of which is particularly important since there’s an established confidence gap between men and women, which is exacerbated by dropping out of the workforce. “There’s so much fear factor,” says Gefsky. “I think it’s essential for women who are returning to work to network with one another. It makes the process easier, and the process is not easy. There will be rejection and it will take time. It can be scary.” For Stephens, the internship was exciting and validating. But she also she felt unsure about whether it would jump-start her career. “Would that internship have been enough to have other employers take me seriously as a candidate? I still don’t know the answer to that. After being out for 20 years, would three months be enough?” reflects Stephens. On the part of the companies, Forman says that it’s crucial to address these concerns by providing training and work that actually fill the resume gap. “The return internship needs to produce mission-critical work for the company,” explains Forman. For these programs to work for both parties, the company needs assign “real work” so to speak in order to reap value from the return internship. In turn, this aspect is important for the participants as well. Forman explains that doing real work, and not busy work often associated with post-college internships, is what helps women returning to the workforce to update her resume with relevant experience. Further, Forman says that companies shouldn’t feel like they’re getting a discount. Once returnship interns become employees, they should be compensated at the same rate as others in the same job function. Of course, another part of the solution is to make sure that the off-ramps don’t turn into dead ends. Forman says that in addition to return internships, better paid-leave policies and measures to ensure that women return to the workforce faster can help. According to research by economists Francine Blau and Lawrence Kahn at Cornell University, the U.S. has fallen far behind other OECD countries in female labor-force participation in the last decade as other countries embraced and expanded family-friendly workplace policies. (On the flip side, however, they speculated that generous leave mandates could lead to women taking longer leaves, and employers discriminating women for high-level positions in anticipation that they’ll drop out.) For women who return to the workforce via return internships, Forman says most don’t mind starting off in a temporary, intern position, “What they want is to get back and be able to be productive and accomplish things again.” With the rise of return internships, there’s at least some hope that employers are taking note of just how serious the need to support women in the workplace is, as well as how they can create better incentives and policies that keep women in the workforce long-term. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Smoked Salmon the Old-School Way How one Irishman uses 10,000-year-old turf to prepare fish from the Wild Atlantic Way Nadine Ajaka Jan 27, 2017 About the Author Bourree Lam is an associate editor at The Atlantic. She was previously the editor of Freakonomics.com. Twitter Email Most Popular Presented by Pablo Martinez Monsivais / AP How Trump’s Executive Orders Could Set America Back 70 Years Jeremi Suri The president is taking the United States back to the nightmares of the world before the Second World War: closed borders, limited trade, and a go-it-alone national race to the bottom. Despite all the lies and distortions, President Donald Trump has spent his first week in office assembling a coherent and well-planned framework for foreign policy. It is hiding in plain sight—frequently missed in the storm of tweets and the attacks on domestic enemies. Read as a whole and in detail, with attention to their larger single-minded purpose, Trump’s executive orders are the blueprints for the most significant shift in American foreign policy since the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor in December 1941. The latest drafts of executive orders, several of which the president will reportedly sign Friday at the Pentagon, are bold and breathtaking in their reach. They are strategic and transformative. They are also poised to destroy the foundations for the last 70 years of American-led peace and prosperity. The orders question the very ideas of cooperation and democracy, embodying an aggressive commitment to “America First” above all else. So much for the “defense of the free world,” and the “march of freedom”—obvious soft-headed “loser” ideas for the new team of White House cynics. Continue Reading Lucy Nicholson / Reuters On Pitying Melania Megan Garber Via memes, jokes, and fan fictions, many Americans have taken it upon themselves to feel bad for their new first lady. She is not in need of the sympathy. Did you see the gif? The one that features Melania Trump, the newly installed first lady of the United States, radiantly smiling as her husband gazes upon her … and then, as he turns away, allowing the grin to melt into a frown? Grin-grimace, grin-grimace, grin-grimace, looping into eternity. Call it a Kinsley gif: The image seemed to reveal, in its frozen fluidity, an unspoken truth—about Melania, about her marriage, about all of us. During a time of Much News, it quickly became conversation fodder. Slate offered “A Detailed Forensic Analysis of Melania Trump’s Creepy, Devastating Inauguration Smile/Frown.” Jezebel shared it with the sardonic declaration that “Melania Trump Definitely Loves Her Husband and Is Very Happy to Be Here.” New York magazine did a fact-check of the video the gif came from to assure us, finally, that “That Awkward Clip of Donald and Melania at the Inauguration Is Definitely Real.” (Snopes agreed, but warned that the video is inconclusive when it comes to its ability to reveal Melania’s emotions.) #FreeMelania trended. Continue Reading Lenny Ignelzi / AP Which Christians Are Telling Donald Trump to Keep Out Refugees? Emma Green Many religious groups have urged the president not to give Christians priority in seeking asylum, but some conservative political organizations back his new policy. President Trump has signed an executive order that temporarily suspends the U.S. refugee program and bars Syrian refugees. It will likely suspend immigration from certain Muslim-majority countries and bars the admission of anyone who engages in “acts of bigotry or hatred,” including “the persecution of those who practice religions different from their own.” It also allows the the secretaries of State and Homeland Security to jointly admit individuals on a case-by-case basis, “including when the person is a religious minority ... facing religious persecution.” In an interview with the Christian Broadcasting Network on Friday, Trump clarified what this means: Christians refugees will be given priority status. “They’ve been horribly treated,” the president said. “Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough, to get into the United States? If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible.” People overseas “were chopping off the heads of everybody, but more so the Christians,” he added, “so we are going to help them.” Continue Reading Tom Pennington / Getty Images The Mind of Donald Trump Dan P. McAdams Narcissism, disagreeableness, grandiosity—a psychologist investigates how Trump’s extraordinary personality might shape his possible presidency. In 2006, Donald Trump made plans to purchase the Menie Estate, near Aberdeen, Scotland, aiming to convert the dunes and grassland into a luxury golf resort. He and the estate’s owner, Tom Griffin, sat down to discuss the transaction at the Cock & Bull restaurant. Griffin recalls that Trump was a hard-nosed negotiator, reluctant to give in on even the tiniest details. But, as Michael D’Antonio writes in his recent biography of Trump, Never Enough, Griffin’s most vivid recollection of the evening pertains to the theatrics. It was as if the golden-haired guest sitting across the table were an actor playing a part on the London stage. “It was Donald Trump playing Donald Trump,” Griffin observed. There was something unreal about it. Continue Reading Bettman / Getty A Twitter Tribute to Holocaust Victims Candice Norwood A new social-media project commemorates refugees turned away by the United States in 1939. Software developer Russel Neiss and Rabbi Charlie Schwartz have collaborated on a number of projects that use technology to bring awareness to Jewish issues, history, and culture. But last night they dreamt up the St. Louis Manifest, a Twitter project sharing the story of some 900 Jews who fled Nazi Germany in 1939 on the MS St. Louis in an attempt to gain entry into the United States. After being turned way, the passengers were forced to return to Europe, where a number of countries accepted them as refugees; 254 of them were killed in the Holocaust. This story, Neiss and Schwartz believe, serves as a fitting tribute to International Holocaust Remembrance Day on Friday, and a reminder of a time in American history when the country closed its doors to refugees. Continue Reading Mark Kauzlarich / Reuters What Does the Billionaire Family Backing Donald Trump Really Want? Rosie Gray The Mercers are enjoying more influence than ever with their candidate in the White House—but no one seems to know how they intend to use it. She owns a cookie store. He loves model trains. They both hate the Clintons. And beyond that, not much is clear about the motivations of the Mercer father-daughter duo of Republican megadonors who have become two of the most powerful people in the country over the last 18 months. Hedge-fund billionaire Robert Mercer and his daughter Rebekah were among the earliest and strongest backers of Donald Trump while other elite donors still disdained him. It turned out to be a good investment. But now, with their favored candidate freshly installed as president of the United States, it remains unclear what they believe, or what they hope their investment will yield. The Mercers have been a quiet but constant presence in the background of Republican politics since the beginning of the 2016 cycle. They started the campaign as backers of Ted Cruz, pouring millions into one of the main super PACs supporting his candidacy. Their data firm, Cambridge Analytica, was hired by the Cruz campaign. They switched to support Trump shortly after he clinched the nomination, and he eventually hired Cambridge Analytica, as well. Their top political guru is Steve Bannon, the former Breitbart News chairman and White House chief strategist. They’re close, too, with Trump’s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, who also has a senior role in the White House. They never speak to the press and hardly ever even release a public statement. Like Trump himself, they’ve flouted the standard playbook for how things are done in politics. Continue Reading Stoyan Nenov / Reuters The Coldhearted Folly of Trump's Proposed Immigration Order Graeme Wood The countries likely affected are not those whose nationals have actually perpetrated the most ghastly attacks on Western targets. When I first started talking to ISIS propagandists and supporters, I was much impressed by one of their favorite Koranic verses: “We have already created man and know what his soul whispers to him, and We are closer to him than [his] jugular vein.” The verse is a reminder of God’s omnipresence, and his Santa Claus-like awareness of our deepest selves, our sins, and our good deeds. In time, I came to associate that unsettling proximity (He is closer than you think) not only with God, but also with ISIS. They too were less distant than they seemed. What seemed at first like a movement of barbarians with alien origins and impulses looked increasingly like a human phenomenon, with human flaws and virtues (mostly flaws). The more I investigated the group’s supporters, the more I found people who at one point had shared my culture and community, even if they tried to throw it all away in the service of something wicked. In the end I discovered that one of the most important figures in the Islamic State, a mysterious ideologue named Yahya Abu Hassan, was not Syrian or Iraqi at all, but a 33-year-old American, a dope-smoking theological prodigy from my own hometown. Continue Reading Dave Imms / Mosaic How Iceland Got Teens to Say No to Drugs Emma Young Curfews, sports, and understanding kids’ brain chemistry have all helped dramatically curb substance abuse in the country. It’s a little before 3 p.m. on a sunny Friday afternoon and Laugardalur Park, near central Reykjavik, looks practically deserted. There’s an occasional adult with a stroller, but the park’s surrounded by apartment blocks and houses, and school’s out—so where are all the kids? Walking with me are Gudberg Jónsson, a local psychologist, and Harvey Milkman, an American psychology professor who teaches for part of the year at Reykjavik University. Twenty years ago, says Gudberg, Icelandic teens were among the heaviest-drinking youths in Europe. “You couldn’t walk the streets in downtown Reykjavik on a Friday night because it felt unsafe,” adds Milkman. “There were hordes of teenagers getting in-your-face drunk.” Continue Reading Jon Woo / Reuters Can the U.S. Military Compete With China’s Rooster-Dancing Capabilities? Uri Friedman Behold the awesome power of the People’s Liberation Army. The Chinese government clearly received the message when Donald Trump pledged to not only rebuild the U.S. military, but also show it off with parades down Pennsylvania Avenue and flyovers of New York City. In response, Beijing has sent America’s new president a signal that it too can play that game. That signal comes in the form of a rooster, which, in Chinese astrology, is associated with people who are hardworking, supremely confident, and demanding of attention. In marking the dawn of each new day, one Chinese scholar observes, roosters are in charge of “time.” The Chinese government’s point—at a time of serious tensions between the world powers over trade, Taiwan, and the South China Sea—is unambiguous: Trump may want to Make America Great Again, but the coming century belongs to China, not America. Continue Reading Ian Allen My President Was Black Ta-Nehisi Coates A history of the first African American White House—and of what came next In the waning days of President Barack Obama’s administration, he and his wife, Michelle, hosted a farewell party, the full import of which no one could then grasp. It was late October, Friday the 21st, and the president had spent many of the previous weeks, as he would spend the two subsequent weeks, campaigning for the Democratic presidential nominee, Hillary Clinton. Things were looking up. Polls in the crucial states of Virginia and Pennsylvania showed Clinton with solid advantages. The formidable GOP strongholds of Georgia and Texas were said to be under threat. The moment seemed to buoy Obama. He had been light on his feet in these last few weeks, cracking jokes at the expense of Republican opponents and laughing off hecklers. At a rally in Orlando on October 28, he greeted a student who would be introducing him by dancing toward her and then noting that the song playing over the loudspeakers—the Gap Band’s “Outstanding”—was older than she was. Continue Reading Ways to Avoid Staring at Your Phone Before Bed James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Alice Roth Every night, set aside “the amazing hour." Watch Video What It Was Like to Watch the U.S. Presidential Election in a London Bar Nadine Ajaka “I can’t believe that the greatest country on earth, the best two people they can muster are these two individuals.” Watch Video A Reflection on Trump's Uncharted Presidency James Fallows, Caitlin Cadieux, Leah Varjacques, and Daniel Lombroso In a short animation, James Fallows considers what’s in store for this new era of American politics. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 1 day ago Friday, January 27, 2017 – edition no. 2732 EXTRA TIMES 1 day ago Inspired by the Smog OTHER ARTICLES Almost no money laundering prosecutions General minimum wage regulated within 3 years Unemployment rate remains unchanged Angela Leong omitted from Zhuhai CPPCC Briefs | Sands announces salary increases, bonuses LATEST COMMENTS alpha beta on 21 injured in clashes in Sri Lanka over China port deal  Georgia on IFFAM – Ivo Ferreira | Latest film to breath life into iconic Macau Floating Casino Sophie Jones on Indonesia | Two tourists killed in Bali boat explosion, many injured Jerrt Mores on Macau | Over 600 take part in Youth Dance Festival George Cespedes on The Buzz | New Year’s firework show cancelled MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL Home | Macau | Gaming | New Year bonanza to lift bets on Macau Gaming | New Year bonanza to lift bets on Macau - Friday, January 27, 2017 - 1 day ago No Comments 599 Views Investors are turning more positive about Macau following a two-year slump in the world’s biggest gambling hub. A sharper focus on the more profitable mass market is paying off for casino operators, while VIP punters are starting to return after their wings were clipped by Chinese President Xi Jinping’s crackdown on corruption. Betting in Macau rose 10 percent last quarter to 60.4 billion patacas (USD7.6 billion). The signs of recovery are scaring away the bears.  Rattled by the recent slowdown, casinos and resorts in Macau looked to middle-class tourists to revive sales. Wynn Macau Ltd.’s new casino on the Cotai strip and Sands China Ltd.’s Parisian – a hotel complex with a half-size replica of the Eiffel Tower – are attracting crowds, while restrictions on cash machine withdrawals weren’t as harsh as some had feared.  Macau is set for a further boost over the week-long Lunar New Year holiday, which this year starts today. This is usually peak season for visitors. DS Kim, a Hong Kong-based analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said booking trends for junkets and hotels are upbeat and might be on track to surpass the Golden Week holiday in October last year. “We stay bullish on the sector for genuine upturns in demand, profits and cash flows in 2017 and onward,” he said.  Las Vegas Sands Corp. offered a note of caution when it kicked off casino earnings season in the U.S. on Wednesday. Results missed forecasts largely because of the success of punters at the newly launched Parisian in Macau, it said. In the earnings call, the company’s president Rob Goldstein singled out one gambler in particular. “She wins every day and she is doing very well. And, she affected the numbers,” he said. Over the past 12 months, returns on a Bloomberg gauge of casino stocks were almost three times higher than those of the Hang Seng Index. In January 2016, Wynn Macau’s shares touched a record low and Sands China was trading at the lowest level since 2012. They’re up 84 percent and 52 percent from this time last year. Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd., another industry leader, has jumped 72 percent.   Morningstar analyst Chelsey Tam said in a recent note that Macau’s mass gaming revenue growth will peak at 15 percent in 2019, as the Chinese traveling population grows and the opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge and light rail transit alleviate capacity constraints and help increase visitors. Growth will taper to high single digits through 2025, Tam said.  While valuations have come off November highs, when the Bloomberg Intelligence Macau Gaming index had a price-earnings multiple of 29, the highest since April 2010, the gauge is still trading at 25 times estimated earnings.  “It all comes down to valuation,’’ said Angelamaria Hanlee, an analyst at China Merchants Securities (Hong Kong) Co.  “Although the long term growth looks pretty good, it’s more like the market already knows about it so I don’t think there is much room to improve.’’ Risks to the recovery include a wider smoking ban in VIP gaming areas later this year and potential for Chinese government policies restricting capital outflows. “Capital flight controls from the continued depreciation of the yuan could limit VIP growth and junket operators’ financing capabilities,” said CICC Research, which is “cautiously optimistic” on the Macau gaming sector. Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Headlines Macau Share This Post Related Posts Angela Leong omitted from Zhuhai CPPCC 2017 | The Year of the Rooster Watchdog unclear over AL election rules First live poultry H7 flu case in 2017 No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are 3 Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock could thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing Ford in better position than GM to benefit from Trump, RBC says This steel play will rally more than 20% this year on Trump, JPMorgan says Deutsche Bank sees Goldman, JPMorgan as best bets in banks Buy these 3 retail 'top picks' for 2017, Deutsche Bank says Facebook to report solid earnings, Pacific Crest predicts Johnson & Johnson downgraded by Wells Fargo on slowing sales concern Here's why chart experts say the Dow 20,000 breakout is for real Dow at 20,000 still looks cheap considering earnings growth ahead: strategists Goldman Sachs believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone This airline will rally at least 20% this year on fare increases, valuation, JPMorgan says 10 most important morning stories Barclays says these 8 small and mid-cap stocks are ready to pop Buy these 3 stocks because of their successful new drugs, JPMorgan says This cloud software play will rally more than 40% this year, Citi says Here are 3 FANG stocks to buy for earnings season, Jefferies says Apple downgraded on concern that consumers will take longer to buy new iPhones Three stocks that could rally on earnings, according to Morgan Stanley Breakingviews: Foxconn’s U.S. bet goes beyond politics Investors worried about President Trump should buy these stocks, Goldman says Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Intel to rally 16% this year as earnings beat expectations, Pacific Crest says Verizon downgraded on concern end of phone subsidies will lead to sales decline Qualcomm downgraded on lawsuits by FTC, Apple 10 most important morning stories Tech investor Paul Meeks: This heavily shorted stock may pop like loaded spring Ignore earnings season and focus on Trump's agenda, Goldman Sachs says Buy Alphabet on potential YouTube TV, Pacific Crest says Deutsche Bank downgrades CSX, tells clients to avoid chasing this week's rally Facebook to rally 18% this year on higher ad pricing, Pacific Crest says BMO's Jack Ablin: Stock market is overvalued by 5 to 10 percent This stock will rally nearly 20% this year, Goldman Sachs says UBS downgrades Exxon to sell on stretched valuations, predicts 11% pullback Wells Fargo downgrades Coca-Cola on earnings risk, valuation Buy Panera Bread on early delivery service success, Goldman says 10 most important morning stories The Fed may be headed for a clash with Trump...but not over interest rates Credit Suisse makes Nordstrom, Burlington top retail picks for 2017 JPMorgan makes Salesforce a top pick for 2017 as an artificial intelligence play Disney shares to drop 19% on ESPN and movie risks, BMO says 10 most important morning stories Twitter downgraded by UBS on weak advertising revenue, negative behavior on site Morgan Stanley cuts its Apple estimates due to weak iPhone demand Goldman upgrades Disney, predicts best movie performance ever ahead Buy Netflix on subscriber surge, Mizuho says This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands › Pro Analysis This steel play will rally more than 20% on Trump's infrastructure plan, trade policy, JPMorgan says Tae Kim | @firstadopter Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 3:32 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Nigel Treblin | Getty Images Investors should buy Steel Dynamics shares because the steel maker will report earnings above expectations this year, according to JPMorgan, which reiterated its overweight rating on the company. "We think low inventory levels and healthy lead times, imports constrained by trade cases, and potential further trade actions will all help support steel sheet prices," analyst Michael Gambardella wrote in a note to clients Wednesday. "STLD has leverage to any higher prices, while increases in infrastructure spending could meaningfully benefit its long products operations." Steel Dynamics shares are up 19 percent since the Nov. 8 election through Wednesday on optimism over President Donald Trump's economic agenda. The company reported fourth-quarter sales results slightly higher than Wall Street expectations on Tuesday. Tae KimInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change STLD --- Pro Analysis Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Steve Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are three Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock will thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing, JPMorgan says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 33° Mostly cloudy High: 40° | Low: 29° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. Paul LePage President-elect Donald Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Bruins Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener 2017 Source Sustainability Awards: Call for Nominations Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted January 26 increase font size Dow heads further into record territory The Dow's gain comes a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. By ALEX VEIGAAssociated Press Share Comment Read Article The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow’s gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. “Earnings have come in strong, for sure,” said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don’t go up or down in a straight line.” The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 percent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,375.60. It’s been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration’s policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 percent, to $305. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 percent from 2.52 percent late Wednesday. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. More Like This Business Value of Maine lobster exports to China on pace to triple for 2016 Business At Super Bowl, it takes more to stand out Business General Motors Canada to move 625 jobs from Ontario to Mexico Business Another Public Market House food vendor closing Recent Read Shared Friday's girls' roundup: Gray-NG defeats York in basketball Friday's college roundup: USM tops UMass-Boston in men's hockey Friday's boys' roundup: Thornton earns victory over Gorham in basketball John Hurt, British actor who played desperate, eccentric characters, dies at 77 Boys' basketball: Yarmouth upends Cape Elizabeth Sen. Angus King to vote against Betsy DeVos as education secretary Federal agency makes it clear: Even legal marijuana users can't buy guns Police consider charging Portland man who crashed into Downeaster train with 2 kids in car Police identify couple found dead in Standish home Nor'easter disrupts Maine with a 'messy, mixed bag' of winter weather An Italian lawmaker wants to make it a crime for parents to feed their kids vegan diets These lobster buoys feed birds rather than marking traps Estefans to feed homeless as their music starts Macy's parade Solidarity Harvest corrals massive food drive to feed 8,000 Seaweed can help feed the world – but will we eat it? Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Blogs Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video UPDATE 1-MOVES-JPMorgan investment banking vice chairman Stephen Berenson ... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu Jan 26, 2017 | 5:55pm EST UPDATE 1-MOVES-JPMorgan investment banking vice chairman Stephen Berenson retires (Adds details) By Olivia Oran Jan 26 Stephen Berenson, a vice chairman of investment banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co, has retired after more than three decades with the firm, according to an internal memo seen by Reuters. Berenson joined JPMorgan in 1984 and for the last 12 years has worked globally across industry groups on investment banking relationships, the memo said. He helped the firm establish its investment banking franchise, and held roles including head of Latin American M&A, head of equity capital markets in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and co-head of equity derivatives in the Americas. Berenson later joined the technology, media and telecom coverage group and was global co-head of technology investment banking. JPMorgan ranked first for global investment banking fees in 2016, with $5.8 billion, according to Thomson Reuters data. (Reporting by Olivia Oran in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Next In Market News CORRECTED-FBI request for Twitter account data may have overstepped legal guidelines WASHINGTON, Jan 27 The FBI appeared to go beyond the scope of existing legal guidance in seeking certain kinds of internet records from Twitter as recently as last year, legal experts said, citing two warrantless surveillance orders the social media company published on Friday. UPDATE 1-Toshiba chair ready to resign over Westinghouse writedowns - Nikkei TOKYO, Jan 28 Toshiba Corp Chairman Shigenori Shiga is ready to step down to take responsibility for the huge writedowns looming over the Japanese group's U.S. nuclear power unit Westinghouse Electric Co LLC, the Nikkei business daily reported. CORRECTED-Snapchat to reveal financials within a week - sources Jan 27 Snap Inc, the secretive technology company that owns the popular messaging service Snapchat, is due to reveal its financials within a week as it moves toward its eagerly awaited initial public offering (IPO), sources familiar with the situation said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Weather × Top Stories RISE teams with Michigan athletic group to work together to address racism 105.1 The Bounce adds two Detroit natives to on-air talent For semi-pro soccer club, grass is greener in Royal Oak Access restored after computer outage halts Secretary of State transactions New Center redevelopment to house artists, new restaurant, Wilson foundation HQ Wayne County to issue RFP Feb. 10 to move forward with jail project Trump includes Dow, Ford, Whirlpool CEOs on Manufacturing Jobs Council Lawrence Tech makes business case for return to football Business events in February: Networking, classes and awards events Business trip to innovation hot spot Israel couldn't come at a better time Special Report Healthy choices in the hospital × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Chad Livengood Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kirk Pinho - Real estate Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups City Moments Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries January 26, 2017 Updated Invest Detroit names Sarah McClelland COO By Tyler Clifford Sarah McClelland was named the first chief operating officer of Invest Detroit, the Detroit-based nonprofit community development financial institution announced Thursday. The position was effective Thursday. McClelland, 57, will continue her role as a board of director, where she has served since 2013. She also has served as chair of the board's investment committee. With more than 30 years of experience in finance, she will oversee Invest Detroit's operations and help execute its strategic… Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe at three different levels -- digital, print + digital and our newest level: Data Membership. Subscribe Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business There are three ways to subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business -- digital, print + digital, and data membership. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Detroit Homecoming Food economy Giving Guide Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected World Watch Monthly Mackinac Policy Conference Auto Show Flint water crisis Crain's 30th Anniversary Millennials in the Workplace Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits CFO Awards Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies General & In-house Counsel Awards Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year M&A Awards Most Influential Women Salute to Entrepreneurs Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Audio Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Nonprofit Report Sports Business Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE January 22, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Posted: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:32 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More >> Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore >> Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More >> A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore >> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 30° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy skies. High 29F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Overcast. A few flurries are possible. Low around 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 2:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Breaking Former Onalaska employee convicted of theft Close 1 of 2 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Jan 26, 2017 Updated 18 hrs ago 0 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Earnings Surprises Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Financial Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Earnings Estimates Earnings Reports Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets International Trade Currency Markets Japanese Yen × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Business Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Living Their Faith Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Day Saver Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Scissor boom lift topples in Ledyard, injuring two 01-27 10:01 pm Four bills seek to preserve local health agencies 01-27 9:57 pm Credit union offering $90,000 in scholarships 01-27 8:19 pm Norwich will hold open forum on school budget, programs Monday 01-27 8:17 pm Norwich man arrested in Groton charged with dealing heroin 01-27 8:16 pm Trump orders strict new refugee screening, citing 'radical Islamic terrorists' 01-27 8:07 pm Second arrest made in Sterling teen's death 01-27 7:58 pm AARP wants disclosure, protections for ratepayers in Millstone bill 01-27 7:09 pm Anti-abortion groups hold triumphant rally after Obama years 01-27 7:09 pm Lyme juvenile arrested for throwing objects, slurs at Hamburg Road home 01-27 7:08 pm Norwich city officials continue to meet with developer on Reid & Hughes 01-27 6:24 pm Three Rivers to hold presentation on affording college, minimizing student debt 01-27 5:43 pm Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close US stock indexes drift mostly lower; Dow ekes out gain Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Published January 26. 2017 10:27AM | Updated January 26. 2017 5:13PM By ALEX VEIGA, Associated Press The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow's gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. "Earnings have come in strong, for sure," said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don't go up or down in a straight line." The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 percent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,375.60. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration's policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 percent, to $305. Traders welcomed an optimistic 2017 forecast and good bookings from Royal Caribbean Cruises. The cruise operator's stock jumped $7.97, or 9.1 percent, to $95.64. New Commerce Department data indicating sales of new U.S. homes fell 10.4 percent in December didn't weigh on PulteGroup. The homebuilder's quarterly earnings and sales beat financial analysts' estimates, lifting its shares 74 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $21.18. United Rentals led the gainers in the S&P 500. The equipment rentals company announced it would acquire construction company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals vaulted $12.80, or 11.2 percent, to $127.06. A slump in toy sales over the holidays dampened Mattel's latest results. The toymaker was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.57, or 17.7 percent, to $25.99. Investors also were put off by McKesson's fiscal third-quarter results, which were hurt by weaker-than-expected prices. McKesson lost $12.55, or 8.3 percent, to $138.55. Whirlpool tumbled 8.5 percent after the appliance maker said Britain's impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $16.26 to $173.94. Beyond the ongoing wave of company earnings reports, investors will be looking Friday to a key gauge of the U.S. economy's health when the Commerce Department delivers its estimate of what the nation's gross domestic product was in the final quarter of 2016. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Germany's DAX rose 0.4 percent, while the CAC-40 in France slipped 0.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was flat. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.8 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.4 percent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 percent from 2.52 percent late Wednesday. The dollar increased to 114.42 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0692 from $1.0743. Energy prices moved broadly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.16, or 2.1 percent, to close at $56.24 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.54 a gallon, while heating oil added 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other commodity trading, the price of gold fell $8, or 0.7 percent, to $1,189.80 an ounce. Silver slid 13 cents to $16.85 an ounce. Copper gave up 4 cents to $2.67 a pound. Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Hide Comments READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Waterford-New London Friendship School agreement ends, school open to all applicants 2 Bill would open college aid to undocumented students 3 Stonington police charge man with long history of stealing luxury cars across the country 4 Armed robbery reported Friday morning in parking lot of Cilantro's 5 Waterford police searching for stolen cars, five suspects 6 Court: 'K-19: The Widowmaker' sub must be removed from river 7 Scissor boom lift topples in Ledyard, injuring two 8 Rhode Island will win the race to recreational pot, too 9 Man killed in Waterford car crash 10 State delegation among those who want to exempt VA, vets from hiring freeze MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 GameDay preview: Montville at Stonington boys basketball 2 Watch live: Montville at Stonington boys basketball 3 Stonington's Parrilla is a leader on the floor 4 Bingo at New London Senior Center 5 Len Fasano editorial board interview at The Day MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Bill would open college aid to undocumented students 78 2 Trump announces 'major' voter fraud investigation 77 3 State's sanctuary cities vow to continue policies 38 4 Court extends plea offer in Connecticut College manslaughter case 35 5 New London City Hall renovations delayed due to sticker shock 33 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes drift mostly lower; Dow ekes out gain Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 26, 2017. Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow’s gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 per cent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. “Earnings have come in strong, for sure,” said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don’t go up or down in a straight line.” The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 per cent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 1,375.60. It’s been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration’s policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street’s expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 per cent, to $305. Traders welcomed an optimistic 2017 forecast and good bookings from Royal Caribbean Cruises. The cruise operator’s stock jumped $7.97, or 9.1 per cent, to $95.64. New Commerce Department data indicating sales of new U.S. homes fell 10.4 per cent in December didn’t weigh on PulteGroup. The homebuilder’s quarterly earnings and sales beat financial analysts’ estimates, lifting its shares 74 cents, or 3.6 per cent, to $21.18. United Rentals led the gainers in the S&P 500. The equipment rentals company announced it would acquire construction company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals vaulted $12.80, or 11.2 per cent, to $127.06. A slump in toy sales over the holidays dampened Mattel’s latest results. The toymaker was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.57, or 17.7 per cent, to $25.99. Investors also were put off by McKesson’s fiscal third-quarter results, which were hurt by weaker-than-expected prices. McKesson lost $12.55, or 8.3 per cent, to $138.55. Whirlpool tumbled 8.5 per cent after the appliance maker said Britain’s impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $16.26 to $173.94. Beyond the ongoing wave of company earnings reports, investors will be looking Friday to a key gauge of the U.S. economy’s health when the Commerce Department delivers its estimate of what the nation’s gross domestic product was in the final quarter of 2016. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Germany’s DAX rose 0.4 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France slipped 0.2 per cent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was flat. In Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 per cent and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.8 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose 1.4 per cent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 per cent from 2.52 per cent late Wednesday. The dollar increased to 114.42 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0692 from $1.0743. Energy prices moved broadly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose $1.03, or 2 per cent, to close at $53.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.16, or 2.1 per cent, to close at $56.24 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.54 a gallon, while heating oil added 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.5 per cent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other commodity trading, the price of gold fell $8, or 0.7 per cent, to $1,189.80 an ounce. Silver slid 13 cents to $16.85 an ounce. Copper gave up 4 cents to $2.67 a pound. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Man Group Plc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News New York State Common Retirement Fund Has $2,803,000 Position in Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Alphabet Inc. (GOOG) Given a $995.00 Price Target by Macquarie Analysts Diageo plc (DGE) PT Raised to GBX 2,500 at Beaufort Securities Teachers Advisors LLC Acquires 51,805 Shares of OneMain Holdings, Inc. (OMF) Teachers Advisors LLC Has $3,161,000 Stake in Chimera Investment Corporation (CIM) Popular, Inc. (BPOP) Cut to C+ at TheStreet Brooks Automation, Inc. (BRKS) Shares Sold by BlackRock Investment Management LLC Barclays PLC’s (BARC) Neutral Rating Reaffirmed at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) BHP Billiton plc’s (BLT) Underweight Rating Reaffirmed at J P Morgan Chase & Co Brooks Macdonald Group plc (BRK) Given “Add” Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Brewin Dolphin Holdings plc (BRW) Given Hold Rating at Numis Securities Ltd Card Factory PLC (CARD) Given “Hold” Rating at Liberum Capital Phibro Animal Health Corporation (PAHC) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCY) Lifted by Analyst Analysts Offer Predictions for 3M Company’s Q3 2017 Earnings (MMM) Wyg Plc (WYG) Receives “Corporate” Rating from N+1 Singer adidas AG (ADS) Given Sell Rating at DZ Bank AG adidas AG (ADS) Given a €200.00 Price Target at BNP Paribas Q3 2017 Earnings Estimate for Hill-Rom Holdings, Inc. (HRC) Issued By Northcoast Research Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. (FOXA) Earns “Hold” Rating from Needham & Company LLC Research Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Man Group Plc (EMG) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several brokerages have updated their recommendations and price targets on shares of Man Group Plc (LON: EMG) in the last few weeks: 1/26/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at Morgan Stanley from GBX 159 ($1.98) to GBX 130 ($1.62). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 1/25/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Barclays PLC from GBX 130 ($1.62) to GBX 135 ($1.68). They now have an “equal weight” rating on the stock. 1/24/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Liberum Capital from GBX 125 ($1.56) to GBX 148 ($1.85). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/24/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target raised by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) from GBX 140 ($1.75) to GBX 160 ($2.00). They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 1/17/2017 – Man Group Plc had its price target lowered by analysts at J P Morgan Chase & Co from GBX 155 ($1.93) to GBX 150 ($1.87). They now have an “overweight” rating on the stock. 1/10/2017 – Man Group Plc had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BNP Paribas. They now have a GBX 120 ($1.50) price target on the stock. 1/6/2017 – Man Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Citigroup Inc.. 12/13/2016 – Man Group Plc had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a GBX 140 ($1.75) price target on the stock. Shares of Man Group Plc (LON:EMG) traded up 0.45% on Thursday, hitting GBX 133.30. 8,896,427 shares of the stock traded hands. The stock’s market cap is GBX 2.24 billion. The stock has a 50 day moving average of GBX 122.03 and a 200-day moving average of GBX 118.87. Man Group Plc has a 1-year low of GBX 102.50 and a 1-year high of GBX 166.10. In other news, insider Jonathan Sorrell sold 639,489 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, November 17th. The shares were sold at an average price of GBX 125 ($1.56), for a total value of £799,361.25 ($997,580.49). Man Group plc is the holding company for the Man group of companies and affiliated entities (the Group). The Company operates in the alternative investment management sector. The Company has a geographically diverse investor base. It distributes to private investors through a network of over 4,000 intermediaries, and manages its institutional relationships directly. Receive News & Ratings for Man Group Plc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Man Group Plc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 41F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries or snow showers possible. Low 31F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians walk past the New York Stock Exchange. While Wall Street celebrates yet another stock market record, surpassing 20,000 on the Dow Jones industrial average on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, most of America has little reason to cheer. The wealthiest one-tenth of Americans owns 80 percent of stock market wealth. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) U.S. stock indexes drift mostly lower; Dow ekes out gain Associated Press Jan 26, 2017 (…) The Associated Press FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians walk past the New York Stock Exchange. While Wall Street celebrates yet another stock market record, surpassing 20,000 on the Dow Jones industrial average on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, most of America has little reason to cheer. The wealthiest one-tenth of Americans owns 80 percent of stock market wealth. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Updated at 4:11 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow's gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. "Earnings have come in strong, for sure," said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don't go up or down in a straight line." The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 percent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,375.60. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration's policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 percent, to $305. Traders welcomed an optimistic 2017 forecast and good bookings from Royal Caribbean Cruises. The cruise operator's stock jumped $7.97, or 9.1 percent, to $95.64. New Commerce Department data indicating sales of new U.S. homes fell 10.4 percent in December didn't weigh on PulteGroup. The homebuilder's quarterly earnings and sales beat financial analysts' estimates, lifting its shares 74 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $21.18. United Rentals led the gainers in the S&P 500. The equipment rentals company announced it would acquire construction company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals vaulted $12.80, or 11.2 percent, to $127.06. A slump in toy sales over the holidays dampened Mattel's latest results. The toymaker was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.57, or 17.7 percent, to $25.99. Investors also were put off by McKesson's fiscal third-quarter results, which were hurt by weaker-than-expected prices. McKesson lost $12.55, or 8.3 percent, to $138.55. Whirlpool tumbled 8.5 percent after the appliance maker said Britain's impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $16.26 to $173.94. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Beyond the ongoing wave of company earnings reports, investors will be looking Friday to a key gauge of the U.S. economy's health when the Commerce Department delivers its estimate of what the nation's gross domestic product was in the final quarter of 2016. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Germany's DAX rose 0.4 percent, while the CAC-40 in France slipped 0.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was flat. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.8 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.4 percent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 percent from 2.52 percent late Wednesday. The dollar increased to 114.42 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0692 from $1.0743. Energy prices moved broadly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.16, or 2.1 percent, to close at $56.24 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.54 a gallon, while heating oil added 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other commodity trading, the price of gold fell $8, or 0.7 percent, to $1,189.80 an ounce. Silver slid 13 cents to $16.85 an ounce. Copper gave up 4 cents to $2.67 a pound. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Stock Index Finance Stock Exchange Commerce S&p 500 Dow Economics View (…) comments Most popular Amazon to begin charging sales tax in Missouri Nicklaus: Right-to-work won't magically create jobs in Missouri Canada to Mexico on NAFTA: You might be on your own Dog shelter booted out of Chesterfield Mall shutting down St. Louis board approves mosque development in historic district — with no wall Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Schnucks expanding delivery as Instacart enters St. Louis St. Louis bolsters ties to Israeli startups with new Ameren tech partnership St. Louis Fed launches new forecasting game Post-Dispatch offers buyouts to employees Mallinckrodt completes sale of nuclear imaging business Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces We have the most in-depth local news coverage Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
qqcrestd Free Site Registration LOGIN Bookstore Calendar CE Center Conferences Subscribe FA Magazine Subscription Newsletters Change of Address Renew Subscription News Feeds Videos FA Library Featured Webcasts Upcoming Archived Whitepapers Most Recent Archived Market and Economic Outlook Go Username Password What is 0 + 1? Remember me New User? | Forgot Username? | Forgot Password? Email for username What is 0 + 1? Email for new password What is 0 + 1? Home » FA Online » FA News » Vanguard Growth ETF Assets Tumble As Value Rotation Accelerates January 28, 2017 Subscribe Free Current Issue Past Issues CONFERENCE NEWS Inside ETFs Conference 2017 Schwab IMPACT 2016 Inside Alternatives Conference 2016 Invest In Women 2016 Inside Retirement 2016 TD Ameritrade 2016 Inside ETFs Conference 2016 Smart Beta Conference 2016 Morningstar Conference 2016 ADVISOR SERVICES Broker-Dealers Custodians/Fee Only Social Media Technology ADVICE 401(k) Plans Annuities Benefits Business Transitions Charitable Giving DOL/Compliance/Fraud Economy Education/529 Estate Planning Health Care Insurance Practice Management Retirement Income Retirement Planning Social Security Tax Planning Variable Annuities Women and Planning INVESTING Alternative Investments Analysis Commodities ETFs Fixed Income Green International Mutual Funds Real Estate/REITs Smart Beta U.S. Equity RESEARCH 10 Young Advisors To Watch Market and Economic Outlook Whitepapers B/D Survey Ranking RIA Ranking MORE SERVICES B/D Profiles 2016 B/D Recruiting Special Section Fixed-Income Supplement Liquid Alts Special Section Technology Special Section Women In The Profession B/D Recruitment Center Industry Partnerships « Previous Article | Next Article » Print | Reprint | Share Vanguard Growth ETF Assets Tumble As Value Rotation Accelerates January 26, 2017 • Luke Kawa Loading Other Articles... Chalk one up for the market prognosticators. Bank of America Corp. predicted investors would shift away from growth stocks in favor of value names this year as part of its list of "violent rotations" to expect in financial markets this year. On Tuesday, withdrawals from Vanguard's growth exchange traded fund, ticker VUG, reached $900 million, the second most in its 12-year history. With $23 billion in assets, it's the second-biggest such product in the world. JPMorgan Chase & Co. says the hoped-for acceleration in the rate of economic expansion under the Trump administration has fostered an environment that bodes well for value stocks, generally defined as having share prices that don't reflect their fundamental worth. Growth stocks, those whose earnings are expected to rise faster than the market average, tend to outperform during stretches in which expansion is muted. "We’ve seen this in value stocks as well as ETFs, since the election—it’s the first time in a long time that value outperformed growth," said Todd Rosenbluth, director of ETF research at CFRA. "We’re starting to see investors tilt back into what works and chase some of that performance." Vanguard's growth ETF has climbed 5.5 percent since Donald Trump's Nov. 8 election, while its value fund has jumped more than 8 percent. Investors have taken note, sending nearly $215 million a day to value-oriented ETFs with more than $2 billion in assets, compared with just $53 million for their growth-focused counterparts. The trend not only speaks to the shift in positioning among investors, but also—somewhat counter-intuitively—to the increasing dominance of Vanguard in ETFs. Inflows into Vanguard’s offerings usually come in a relatively steady drip compared to their competitors. This massive outflow points to the use of VUG by institutional investors, which had in the past tended to gravitate toward similar products that have more turnover. "Looks like a big investor betting the recent rally in growth is over," said Eric Balchunas, ETF analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. "This also speaks to Vanguard’s penetration into the institutional market as it attracts bigger investors who have typically used only the highly traded products from BlackRock and State Street." This article was provided by Bloomberg News.   To read more stories , click here Loading Other Articles... « Previous Article | Next Article » 0 Comments Login in order to post a comment Quick Poll Should Medicare be converted to a voucher system to save the U.S. money? Yes No Unsure View Results Home Login About Us Media Kit FTP Site Subscriptions Reprints Contact Us Sitemap Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | ©2017 Charter Financial Publishing Network Inc. All rights reserved.
Co-Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Latest NewsBudget 2017GossipCompare IndiaAustralian OpenHockey League#SWAGphoneHonor6X Latest News Budget 2017 Gossip Compare India Australian Open Hockey League #SWAGphoneHonor6X Wipro staff to get shares worth over Rs 1 crore EC Gives Green Signal to Next Episode of PM's 'Mann Ki Baat' AI Flight Makes Emergency Landing After Passenger Suffers Heart Attack Five Soldiers Missing in Kupwara After Road Caves In Near Army Camp News18 » India 1-min read Wipro staff to get shares worth over Rs 1 crore http://ArunimaCNNIBN First published: April 22, 2015, 9:21 PM IST | Updated: April 22, 2015 The shares are being issued to the employees under the restricted stock unit plans of 2005 and 2007, the company said. New Delhi: IT major Wipro on Wednesday announced allotment of 18,819 shares, worth about Rs one crore at the current market price, to eligible employees. The shares are being issued to the employees under the restricted stock unit plans of 2005 and 2007, the company said. "Administrative Committee of Board of Directors has passed a resolution in their meeting held on April 20, 2015 to issue and allot 18,819 equity shares of Rs 2 each pursuant to exercise of the stock options by the eligible employees under Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2005 and Restricted Stock Unit Plan 2007," the company said in a filing on the BSE. Besides, the Committee also passed a resolution to issue and allot 7,813 equity shares of par value of Rs 2 to JP Morgan Chase Bank, its depository as underlying shares in respect of ADRs (American Depositary Receipts) to be issued and allocated to the purchasers, pursuant to the exercise of the stock options granted to the employees under the ADS Restricted Stock Unit Plan- 2004. The country's third largest software services firm Wipro on Tuesday reported 2.1 per cent rise in fourth quarter net profit to Rs 2,286.5 crore, while it elevated founder Azim Premji's son Rishad to the board. The company had a net profit of Rs 2,239.1 crore in the quarter ended March 31, 2014. Restricted stock is considered less riskier than stock options and it does not depend only upon the market to give it a boost. It is a component of the employees' compensation. It also brings greater predictability on the expenses front compared to stock option for a company. Post the announcement, Wipro's scrip was trading at Rs 554.55, down 4.19 per cent on the BSE. Azim Premji Board of Directors Currency impact Wipro Recommended For You MS Dhoni and Anil Kumble Deep in Conversation Ahead of Second T20 Sonam Kapoor Pulls Off A Denim Sari Like No One Else Bigg Boss 10: Bani, Manveer, Manu, Lopa Relive The Moments Spent Inside The House Past Wins Against Roger Federer Mean Nothing, Says Rafael Nadal You Can Flight The Ball When Boundaries Are Big: Yuzvendra Chahal About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Snapchat to Reveal Financials Within a Week EC Gives Green Signal to Next Episode of PM's 'Mann Ki Baat' Firefighting Sexism: Some Dutch Courage, Please Apple Joins Microsoft, Facebook to Find Best Practices For AI Shades Of India 2.0, Episode- 49: Priyanka Gandhi in Congress list of star campaigners for UP Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Synchronoss Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Posted by Jacob Kohn on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (NASDAQ:SNCR) has been assigned a consensus rating of “Buy” from the nine analysts that are currently covering the stock. One equities research analyst has rated the stock with a sell rating, one has assigned a hold rating and seven have issued a buy rating on the company. The average twelve-month price objective among brokers that have issued ratings on the stock in the last year is $51.83. SNCR has been the topic of several research analyst reports. Wells Fargo & Company reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and issued a $49.00 price objective (up from $44.50) on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research note on Thursday, November 10th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Synchronoss Technologies from a “buy” rating to a “strong sell” rating in a research report on Saturday, December 10th. Credit Suisse Group reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $55.00 target price on shares of Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Tuesday, November 8th. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on Synchronoss Technologies in a research report on Wednesday. They issued an “overweight” rating and a $65.00 target price for the company. In other Synchronoss Technologies news, Director William J. Cadogan sold 20,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, December 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $38.56, for a total value of $771,200.00. Following the completion of the sale, the director now owns 244,015 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $9,409,218.40. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, CFO Karen Rosenberger sold 10,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, December 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $39.51, for a total value of $395,100.00. Following the completion of the sale, the chief financial officer now directly owns 46,980 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,856,179.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 117,031 shares of company stock valued at $4,705,572 over the last 90 days. 11.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. Large investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. BlackRock Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 2.3% in the third quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 3,626 shares of the company’s stock worth $150,000 after buying an additional 81 shares during the period. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 0.6% in the second quarter. Louisiana State Employees Retirement System now owns 17,800 shares of the company’s stock worth $567,000 after buying an additional 100 shares during the period. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 0.3% in the second quarter. Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC now owns 41,783 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,331,000 after buying an additional 119 shares during the period. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 1.7% in the third quarter. Municipal Employees Retirement System of Michigan now owns 8,930 shares of the company’s stock worth $368,000 after buying an additional 150 shares during the period. Finally, Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Synchronoss Technologies by 1.2% in the third quarter. Capstone Asset Management Co. now owns 15,026 shares of the company’s stock worth $619,000 after buying an additional 180 shares during the period. 82.57% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Shares of Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) traded down 2.12% during mid-day trading on Thursday, reaching $38.83. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 147,807 shares. The company has a 50-day moving average of $39.57 and a 200-day moving average of $40.63. Synchronoss Technologies has a 12 month low of $20.33 and a 12 month high of $49.94. The firm has a market cap of $1.70 billion, a PE ratio of 2986.92 and a beta of 2.30. Synchronoss Technologies (NASDAQ:SNCR) last released its earnings results on Monday, November 7th. The company reported $0.68 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.67 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $180.98 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $177.83 million. Synchronoss Technologies had a return on equity of 13.97% and a net margin of 0.19%. Synchronoss Technologies’s quarterly revenue was up 19.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the firm posted $0.58 EPS. On average, analysts predict that Synchronoss Technologies will post $2.10 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark and copyright laws. The legal version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/synchronoss-technologies-inc-sncr-receives-consensus-rating-of-buy-from-analysts.html. Synchronoss Technologies Company Profile Synchronoss Technologies, Inc (Synchronoss) offers cloud solutions and software-based activation for mobile carriers, enterprises, retailers and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Company operates in providing cloud solutions and software-based activation for connected devices segment. Its software provides consumer and enterprise solutions for transactions on a range of connected devices across the world’s networks. Receive News & Ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Synchronoss Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Radware Ltd. (RDWR) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages Next » Invesco PLC (IVZ) Price Target Raised to $33.00 at Citigroup Inc. Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 4 Speculative Biotech and Biohealth Analyst Upgrades By Chris Lange January 24, 2017 12:15 pm EST Print Email Tweet The health care sector was in trouble over the past year, under fire from congressional hearings and politicians on the campaign trail. But 2017 could be different, with a new administration and new perspective that could lead to more positive trials, U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approvals and mergers and acquisitions. It seems that analysts are taking the forefront and making calls on where the biopharma industry is going ahead of action by the Trump administration. 24/7 Wall St. has collected a few of the important calls on the day thus far and added some color on them. We have included what analysts are saying about each stock, as well as a recent trading history and the consensus price target. Alynylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. (NASDAQ: ALNY) was upgraded by JPMorgan to a Neutral rating, and the price target was raised to $53 from $50. The stock had previously closed at $38.16. Shares of Alynylam were trading down 3.0% at $37.01 midday Tuesday, with a consensus analyst price target of $63.36 and a 52-week trading range of $31.38 to $80.11. Baird raised its rating on Amicus Therapeutics Inc. (NASDAQ: FOLD) to Outperform, while its price target saw a significant gain to $10 from $7. The prior close was $5.34. Shares were trading down 1.8% at $5.24. The consensus price target is $10.69, and a 52-week range is $4.41 to $9.83. Citigroup upgraded Calithera Biosciences Inc. (NASDAQ: CALA) to Neutral from Sell. The price target was also raised to $5 from $1, compared with a prior close of $4.40. Calithera Biosciences was up 5.7% at $4.65, within a 52-week range of $2.20 to $6.87. The consensus analyst target is $8.25. Needham issued a Buy rating for GenMark Diagnostics Inc. (NASDAQ: GNMK) and raised its price target to $15, up from $13. The stock had previously closed at $12.48. The shares traded down fractionally to $12.49. The 52-week range is $4.20 to $13.43. The consensus price target is $14.90. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Chris Lange « The Worst Passwords of 2016 Why Barclays Sees Apple as Dead Money in 2017 » Read more: Healthcare Business, Analyst Upgrades, biotech, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NASDAQ:ALNY) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 FA Playbook Modern Medicine Quarterly Investment Guide FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Pro Analysis Start Over| ‹ Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are 3 Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock could thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing Ford in better position than GM to benefit from Trump, RBC says This steel play will rally more than 20% this year on Trump, JPMorgan says Deutsche Bank sees Goldman, JPMorgan as best bets in banks Buy these 3 retail 'top picks' for 2017, Deutsche Bank says Facebook to report solid earnings, Pacific Crest predicts Johnson & Johnson downgraded by Wells Fargo on slowing sales concern Here's why chart experts say the Dow 20,000 breakout is for real Dow at 20,000 still looks cheap considering earnings growth ahead: strategists Goldman Sachs believes these stocks will lead the Dow to its next milestone This airline will rally at least 20% this year on fare increases, valuation, JPMorgan says 10 most important morning stories Barclays says these 8 small and mid-cap stocks are ready to pop Buy these 3 stocks because of their successful new drugs, JPMorgan says This cloud software play will rally more than 40% this year, Citi says Here are 3 FANG stocks to buy for earnings season, Jefferies says Apple downgraded on concern that consumers will take longer to buy new iPhones Three stocks that could rally on earnings, according to Morgan Stanley Breakingviews: Foxconn’s U.S. bet goes beyond politics Investors worried about President Trump should buy these stocks, Goldman says Traders bet these 5 stocks will beat Wall Street's earnings expectations Intel to rally 16% this year as earnings beat expectations, Pacific Crest says Verizon downgraded on concern end of phone subsidies will lead to sales decline Qualcomm downgraded on lawsuits by FTC, Apple 10 most important morning stories Tech investor Paul Meeks: This heavily shorted stock may pop like loaded spring Ignore earnings season and focus on Trump's agenda, Goldman Sachs says Buy Alphabet on potential YouTube TV, Pacific Crest says Deutsche Bank downgrades CSX, tells clients to avoid chasing this week's rally Facebook to rally 18% this year on higher ad pricing, Pacific Crest says BMO's Jack Ablin: Stock market is overvalued by 5 to 10 percent This stock will rally nearly 20% this year, Goldman Sachs says UBS downgrades Exxon to sell on stretched valuations, predicts 11% pullback Wells Fargo downgrades Coca-Cola on earnings risk, valuation Buy Panera Bread on early delivery service success, Goldman says 10 most important morning stories The Fed may be headed for a clash with Trump...but not over interest rates Credit Suisse makes Nordstrom, Burlington top retail picks for 2017 JPMorgan makes Salesforce a top pick for 2017 as an artificial intelligence play Disney shares to drop 19% on ESPN and movie risks, BMO says 10 most important morning stories Twitter downgraded by UBS on weak advertising revenue, negative behavior on site Morgan Stanley cuts its Apple estimates due to weak iPhone demand Goldman upgrades Disney, predicts best movie performance ever ahead Buy Netflix on subscriber surge, Mizuho says This stock will ride autonomous driving boom this year, Jefferies says Breakingviews: CNN sale in AT&T-Time Warner deal? Morgan Stanley names GrubHub its top pick in mid-cap internet space IBM to plunge more than 30% this year on weak earnings, Credit Suisse says Facebook to rally more than 20% on strong ad demand, Raymond James says Traders think these seven stocks will beat earnings expectations next week Goldman downgrades Apple supplier Skyworks on competitive threat from Broadcom Enthusiasm around Trump's fiscal spending may be overdone, Credit Suisse says Merck to rally 15 percent on successful cancer drug, Morgan Stanley says Sell Boeing on lower plane profitability, Trump trade policy risk, RBC says 10 most important morning stories Cracks in Trump’s infrastructure Bank stocks are still undervalued even after Trump rally, Strategas says Buy Conagra Brands on improving profits, Trump's tax cuts, Citi says Wells Fargo recommends Salesforce, software stocks for 2017 Deutsche Bank downgrades AT&T on increasing competition JPMorgan makes Netflix a top pick for 2017 on 'increased global profitability' 10 most important morning stories JPMorgan makes Facebook a 'top large-cap pick' Underperforming American Express to rally 29%, Oppenheimer says Here's how to invest in the coming self-driving boom, JPMorgan says Trader Jon Najarian buys these stocks on Trump's aim to boost US auto production Trump's protectionist policies may accelerate automation of US jobs: Strategist Apple is a top pick for 2017, Morgan Stanley says Wells Fargo upgrades bank stocks, names Bank of America its top pick Sell Procter & Gamble on valuation, poor sales, Goldman Sachs says Sell Coca-Cola on weak soda sales, Goldman Sachs says 10 most important morning stories Amazon may hold the Trump card The biggest bull on Wall Street last year just became the most bearish one Shake Shack downgraded on valuation and management turnover: Analyst Goldman Sachs' earnings to boom over the next two years under Trump, UBS predicts UBS downgrades McDonald's on slowing sales, valuation Hershey shares to rally on lower cocoa prices, other cost savings, analyst says Disney to rally 21% this year on over-the-top deals: RBC 10 most important morning stories Traders betting these four stocks will beat earnings expectations next week These ETFs could pop if the Trump rally continues to lose steam Here are 7 'black swan' events that could upend oil, commodity prices this year Evercore lowers its earnings outlook for Twitter Shares of disk-drive maker Western Digital to rally 27 percent in 2017, analyst says Citi downgrades Mylan, says EpiPen price scrutiny to continue RBC makes MasterCard a top pick on internet of things transactions Betting on biotech during JPMorgan's big health-care conference pays off These stocks hated by hedge funds could be ripe for a 'short squeeze' rally Breakingviews: Goldman wins again with Trump's SEC pick Bank of America upgrades cigarette maker Altria to buy on Trump Last year's losers tripling the return of the market so far in 2017 Cowen downgrades JetBlue, American and United on rich valuations Apple to rally more than 20% this year on the next iPhone, Guggenheim says Jefferies turns bearish on casual dining stocks, downgrades Dunkin' Brands › Pro Analysis Deutsche Bank's favorite bank stocks are Goldman, JPMorgan following earnings results Giovanny Moreano | @GiovannyMoreano Thursday, 26 Jan 2017 | 2:11 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES David A. Grogan | CNBC Lloyd Blankfein, chairman and CEO of Goldman Sachs at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. Deutsche Bank on Thursday revealed its favorite financial stocks, selecting Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan and Wells Fargo as its top picks given the earnings potential in the months ahead. "We continue to prefer market sensitive banks over large regionals. This reflects our view that leverage to rising rates may already be mostly (or more) priced in while there may still be upside to capital market businesses (particularly in FICC [fixed income, currencies and commodities]) from a stronger economy and a less onerous regulatory environment," equity analyst Matt O'Connor wrote in a note to clients. Deutsche Bank believes balance sheet growth will be as important as higher interest rates in 2017 and beyond, a trend that some investors might be missing by blindly buying the entire financial sector. Giovanny MoreanoInvesting Journalist Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GS --- WFC --- JPM --- Pro Analysis Here are 5 stocks that will rise on a Trump border tax, Strategas says Steve Weiss: Here's how hedge funds are setting up for next week After 20,000 milestone, finding cheap Dow stocks gets harder. Here are three Strategist Tom Lee recommends these 6 value stocks for the Trump economy This industrial stock will thrive if Trump revitalizes American manufacturing, JPMorgan says To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Cheetah Mobile Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cheetah Mobile Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) Lifted by Leerink Swann W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $2.93 Per Share, William Blair Forecasts W.W. Grainger, Inc. (GWW) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $3.01 Per Share FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) FBR & Co Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for First Commonwealth Financial Corporation (FCF) BB&T Corporation (BBT) Insider Brantley J. Standridge Sells 25,626 Shares J Joel Quadracci Sells 50,000 Shares of Quad Graphics, Inc (QUAD) Stock Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. (CFR) Chairman Phillip D. Green Sells 20,000 Shares Keane Group Inc (FRAC) Major Shareholder Sells $286,406,000.00 in Stock Brokerages Set Hammerson plc (HMSO) PT at $620.83 Brokerages Set MarineMax, Inc. (HZO) PT at $24.25 Cepheid (CPHD) Receives $42.40 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Brokerages Set Children’s Place, Inc. (The) (PLCE) PT at $95.85 Polaris Industries Inc. (PII) Expected to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.73 Per Share SunTrust Banks Analysts Cut Earnings Estimates for Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. (PB) Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) Declares $0.01 Monthly Dividend GKN plc (GKN) Receives GBX 346.45 Consensus Target Price from Analysts First Bancorp (FBNC) Reaches New 12-Month High Following Better-Than-Expected Earnings Cheetah Mobile Inc (CMCM) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Posted by Tony Sherman on Jan 26th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Cheetah Mobile Inc (NASDAQ:CMCM) from a sell rating to a hold rating in a research report report published on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “Cheetah Mobile Inc. engages in developing Internet security software. The Company operates a platform that offers mission critical applications for its users and global content distribution channels. Its mission critical applications include Clean Master; Battery Doctor; Duba Anti-virus; Cheetah Browser; Photo Grid and Antutu Benchmark. Cheetah Mobile Inc. is headquartered in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China. “ Cheetah Mobile (NASDAQ:CMCM) traded down 2.00% during trading on Wednesday, reaching $9.82. 193,096 shares of the company traded hands. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $9.79 and its 200 day moving average price is $11.03. Cheetah Mobile has a 12-month low of $8.77 and a 12-month high of $18.19. The firm’s market capitalization is $1.36 billion. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This article was published by Web Breaking News and is owned by of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark law. The correct version of this article can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/01/26/cheetah-mobile-inc-cmcm-upgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. Several institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in Cheetah Mobile by 64,852.9% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 190,312 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,808,000 after buying an additional 190,019 shares in the last quarter. Nomura Holdings Inc. raised its position in Cheetah Mobile by 65.0% in the second quarter. Nomura Holdings Inc. now owns 22,926 shares of the company’s stock valued at $222,000 after buying an additional 9,030 shares in the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC raised its position in Cheetah Mobile by 21.1% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 12,683 shares of the company’s stock valued at $158,000 after buying an additional 2,211 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new position in Cheetah Mobile during the second quarter valued at approximately $520,000. Finally, GSA Capital Partners LLP acquired a new position in Cheetah Mobile during the second quarter valued at approximately $197,000. About Cheetah Mobile Cheetah Mobile Inc is a holding company. The Company and its consolidated subsidiaries, variable interest entities (VIEs) and a VIE’s subsidiary are engaged in the provision of online marketing services, Internet value-added services, and Internet security services and others. The Company operates a platform that offers mobile and personal computer (PC) applications for its users and global content promotional channels for its customers, both of which are powered by its cloud-based data analytics engines. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Cheetah Mobile (CMCM) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Cheetah Mobile Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cheetah Mobile Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous ServiceMaster Global Holdings, Inc. (SERV) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Next » American Assets Trust, Inc. (AAT) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Ixia - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ixia with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Acquires 1,275 Shares of CDW Corporation (CDW) Dow Chemical Company (The) (DOW) Shares Sold by Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Kemper Corp Master Retirement Trust Invests $213,000 in Kilroy Realty Corporation (KRC) Horizon Investment Services LLC Boosts Position in Acco Brands Corporation (ACCO) Mastrapasqua Asset Management Inc. Cuts Position in Acadia Healthcare Company, Inc. (ACHC) Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) Cut to Sell at Zacks Investment Research Usca Ria LLC Has $1,607,000 Position in Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $3,612,000 in Stemline Therapeutics, Inc. (STML) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $10,878,000 in MacroGenics, Inc. (MGNX) Baker BROS. Advisors LP Invests $11,430,000 in Zogenix, Inc. (ZGNX) Capital International Sarl Has $2,213,000 Stake in Freeport-McMoran, Inc. (FCX) Capital International Sarl Holds Position in Anadarko Petroleum Corporation (APC) National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Ixia (XXIA) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Shares of Ixia (NASDAQ:XXIA) gapped up before the market opened on Thursday after Stifel Nicolaus raised their price target on the stock from $18.50 to $20.00. The stock had previously closed at $18.25, but opened at $17.75. Stifel Nicolaus currently has a buy rating on the stock. Ixia shares last traded at $17.68, with a volume of 472,545 shares traded. Several other analysts have also issued reports on the company. Zacks Investment Research lowered Ixia from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, January 7th. Gabelli reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Ixia in a report on Tuesday, December 6th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and three have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $14.10. In other news, insider Marie Hattar sold 10,612 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, November 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $12.31, for a total value of $130,633.72. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Over the last ninety days, insiders sold 11,966 shares of company stock worth $149,170. 24.40% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. Large investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. Swiss National Bank increased its stake in shares of Ixia by 3.3% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 90,700 shares of the company’s stock valued at $891,000 after buying an additional 2,900 shares in the last quarter. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. acquired a new stake in shares of Ixia during the second quarter valued at about $980,000. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. increased its stake in shares of Ixia by 146.4% in the second quarter. Los Angeles Capital Management & Equity Research Inc. now owns 32,600 shares of the company’s stock valued at $320,000 after buying an additional 19,370 shares in the last quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. increased its stake in shares of Ixia by 113.9% in the second quarter. Ameriprise Financial Inc. now owns 623,410 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,121,000 after buying an additional 331,932 shares in the last quarter. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. increased its stake in shares of Ixia by 28.7% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 42,111 shares of the company’s stock valued at $414,000 after buying an additional 9,386 shares in the last quarter. 62.68% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $16.46 and its 200 day moving average is $13.20. The firm has a market cap of $1.46 billion, a P/E ratio of 165.654 and a beta of 0.80. Ixia (NASDAQ:XXIA) last announced its earnings results on Tuesday, November 1st. The company reported $0.18 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.11 by $0.07. The business earned $123.90 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.30 million. Ixia had a net margin of 1.89% and a return on equity of 7.94%. The firm’s revenue was down 1.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.15 earnings per share. On average, analysts predict that Ixia will post $0.63 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Ixia (XXIA) Shares Gap Up on Analyst Upgrade” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/ixia-xxia-shares-gap-up-on-analyst-upgrade.html. About Ixia Ixia is a provider of physical and virtual network application performance and security resilience solutions. The Company’s product solutions consist of its hardware platforms, software applications and services, including warranty and maintenance offerings and professional services. The Company helps its customers to validate the performance and security resilience of their applications and networks. Receive News & Ratings for Ixia Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Ixia and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Home Bancorp Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Bancorp Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Home Bancorp, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share (HBCP) January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Home Bancorp, Inc. (NASDAQ:HBCP) – FIG Partners raised their Q1 2017 EPS estimates for shares of Home Bancorp in a note issued to investors on Wednesday. FIG Partners analyst C. Marinac now forecasts that the firm will post earnings per share of $0.58 for the quarter, up from their previous forecast of $0.57. FIG Partners also issued estimates for Home Bancorp’s Q2 2018 earnings at $0.64 EPS and Q4 2018 earnings at $0.66 EPS. Home Bancorp (NASDAQ:HBCP) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, January 24th. The company reported $0.60 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.57 by $0.03. Home Bancorp had a return on equity of 9.14% and a net margin of 20.31%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Home Bancorp, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share (HBCP)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/home-bancorp-inc-forecasted-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-58-per-share-hbcp.html. Separately, Zacks Investment Research raised Home Bancorp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $32.00 price objective for the company in a research note on Thursday, October 27th. Shares of Home Bancorp (NASDAQ:HBCP) traded down 0.05% during trading on Thursday, reaching $36.98. The company had a trading volume of 2,710 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $255.38 million, a P/E ratio of 16.44 and a beta of 0.25. Home Bancorp has a 12 month low of $23.76 and a 12 month high of $39.75. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $36.95 and its 200 day moving average price is $30.98. A number of institutional investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in HBCP. Wedge Capital Management L L P NC acquired a new position in Home Bancorp during the second quarter valued at about $258,000. Bank of New York Mellon Corp acquired a new position in Home Bancorp during the second quarter valued at about $471,000. California State Teachers Retirement System acquired a new position in Home Bancorp during the second quarter valued at about $331,000. Emerald Acquisition Ltd. purchased a new stake in Home Bancorp during the second quarter worth $110,000. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in Home Bancorp by 1,125.3% in the second quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 23,600 shares of the company’s stock worth $649,000 after buying an additional 21,674 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 41.66% of the company’s stock. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Home Bancorp, Inc. Forecasted to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.58 Per Share (HBCP)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of United States & international copyright law. The legal version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/home-bancorp-inc-forecasted-to-post-q1-2017-earnings-of-0-58-per-share-hbcp.html. In other Home Bancorp news, insider John W. Bordelon sold 10,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 12th. The stock was sold at an average price of $35.05, for a total transaction of $350,500.00. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Director John A. Hendry bought 1,524 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 16th. The shares were acquired at an average price of $32.97 per share, for a total transaction of $50,246.28. The disclosure for this purchase can be found here. Insiders have acquired a total of 3,024 shares of company stock worth $101,741 in the last quarter. 16.20% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, February 17th. Shareholders of record on Monday, February 6th will be given a dividend of $0.13 per share. This is a boost from Home Bancorp’s previous quarterly dividend of $0.12. The ex-dividend date is Thursday, February 2nd. This represents a $0.52 annualized dividend and a yield of 1.41%. Home Bancorp’s payout ratio is presently 21.33%. About Home Bancorp Home Bancorp, Inc is a bank holding company for Home Bank, N.A. (the Bank). The Bank conducts business through approximately 30 banking offices in the Greater Lafayette, Baton Rouge, Greater New Orleans and Northshore (of Lake Pontchartrain) regions of south Louisiana and the Natchez and Vicksburg regions of west Mississippi. Receive News & Ratings for Home Bancorp Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Home Bancorp Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 29° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 41F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. A few flurries or snow showers possible. Low 31F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 28, 2017 @ 2:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians walk past the New York Stock Exchange. While Wall Street celebrates yet another stock market record, surpassing 20,000 on the Dow Jones industrial average on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, most of America has little reason to cheer. The wealthiest one-tenth of Americans owns 80 percent of stock market wealth. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) U.S. stock indexes drift mostly lower; Dow ekes out gain Associated Press Jan 26, 2017 (…) The Associated Press FILE - In this Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo, pedestrians walk past the New York Stock Exchange. While Wall Street celebrates yet another stock market record, surpassing 20,000 on the Dow Jones industrial average on Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017, most of America has little reason to cheer. The wealthiest one-tenth of Americans owns 80 percent of stock market wealth. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Updated at 4:11 p.m. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow's gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. "Earnings have come in strong, for sure," said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don't go up or down in a straight line." The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 percent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,375.60. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration's policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 percent, to $305. Traders welcomed an optimistic 2017 forecast and good bookings from Royal Caribbean Cruises. The cruise operator's stock jumped $7.97, or 9.1 percent, to $95.64. New Commerce Department data indicating sales of new U.S. homes fell 10.4 percent in December didn't weigh on PulteGroup. The homebuilder's quarterly earnings and sales beat financial analysts' estimates, lifting its shares 74 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $21.18. United Rentals led the gainers in the S&P 500. The equipment rentals company announced it would acquire construction company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals vaulted $12.80, or 11.2 percent, to $127.06. A slump in toy sales over the holidays dampened Mattel's latest results. The toymaker was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.57, or 17.7 percent, to $25.99. Investors also were put off by McKesson's fiscal third-quarter results, which were hurt by weaker-than-expected prices. McKesson lost $12.55, or 8.3 percent, to $138.55. Whirlpool tumbled 8.5 percent after the appliance maker said Britain's impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $16.26 to $173.94. Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Beyond the ongoing wave of company earnings reports, investors will be looking Friday to a key gauge of the U.S. economy's health when the Commerce Department delivers its estimate of what the nation's gross domestic product was in the final quarter of 2016. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Germany's DAX rose 0.4 percent, while the CAC-40 in France slipped 0.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was flat. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.8 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.4 percent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 percent from 2.52 percent late Wednesday. The dollar increased to 114.42 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0692 from $1.0743. Energy prices moved broadly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.16, or 2.1 percent, to close at $56.24 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.54 a gallon, while heating oil added 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other commodity trading, the price of gold fell $8, or 0.7 percent, to $1,189.80 an ounce. Silver slid 13 cents to $16.85 an ounce. Copper gave up 4 cents to $2.67 a pound. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Stock Index Finance Stock Exchange Commerce S&p 500 Dow Economics View (…) comments Most popular Amazon to begin charging sales tax in Missouri Nicklaus: Right-to-work won't magically create jobs in Missouri Canada to Mexico on NAFTA: You might be on your own Dog shelter booted out of Chesterfield Mall shutting down St. Louis board approves mosque development in historic district — with no wall Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Schnucks expanding delivery as Instacart enters St. Louis St. Louis bolsters ties to Israeli startups with new Ameren tech partnership St. Louis Fed launches new forecasting game Post-Dispatch offers buyouts to employees Mallinckrodt completes sale of nuclear imaging business Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces We have the most in-depth local news coverage Find the dream job you are looking for Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Posted: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:32 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More >> Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore >> Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More >> A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore >> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Go Red For Women Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Posted: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:32 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More > Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore > Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More > A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore > Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More > A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More > A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore > New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >    By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Start 2017 off Right with 2 Great Dividend Stocks These two dividend stocks are an excellent combination of income and growth potential. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Jan 26, 2017 at 11:42AM It is my general opinion that investing in high-quality dividend stocks with the potential for growth is the best path to stock market wealth. However, not all dividend stocks are the same. Here are two in particular -- one real estate investment trust, or REIT, and one bank -- that could be excellent additions to your portfolio as we head into 2017. Image Source: Getty Images. Steady income and big growth potential Data center REIT Digital Realty Trust (NYSE:DLR) could be an excellent combination of dividends and growth for your portfolio. As of this writing, Digital Realty owns 144 data center properties consisting of 25 million rentable square feet. While the space is leased to more than 2,000 individual tenants, the company's 20 largest tenants make up more than 42% of the rental income, and are essentially a "who's who" of major tech and financial firms. Just to name a few of the largest, the tenant roster includes IBM, AT&T, Facebook, and JPMorgan Chase. The reasons to love Digital Realty are simple. Mainly, the data storage industry has grown tremendously, and continues to do so. According to projections by Cisco, global IP traffic is expected to grow by 91% from 2016 to 2019, and mobile data traffic is expected to grow even faster. To further support this, demand is growing much faster than supply of new data centers in many key markets. For example, in the Chicago metropolitan area, market absorption is three times the rate of new data center construction, and Digital Realty's new properties from the last 12 months are already 100% leased. Image Source: Digital Realty Trust Because of this growth, Digital Realty has grown its FFO per share at a 13.1% annualized rate, including strong growth during the great recession. As a result, its dividend (which only represents 62% of its 2016 core FFO) has more than tripled in that time. With a strong balance sheet and high occupancy levels, there's no reason to believe the company won't continue its market-beating performance in the coming years. The worst performing bank of 2016 Despite the financial sector rising 20% in 2016, New York Community Bancorp (NYSE:NYCB) fell by about 3%, making it the worst-performing big U.S. bank stock of the year. NYCB data by YCharts However, the bank's business is completely fine. It's still the leader in its niche market of lending on rent-controlled apartment buildings in New York City. The reason for the poor performance? Well, at first, investors weren't thrilled about the proposed merger with Astoria Financial, as it would not only push NYCB over the $50 billion regulatory threshold, but was sure to compromise the bank's efficiency and asset quality -- its key competitive advantages. And, the merger meant that the bank was sure to cut its high dividend. Then, in December, the merger agreement was surprisingly called off. I was delighted by this news -- after all, as a shareholder myself, I like New York Community Bancorp just the way it is. The market apparently disagreed, as the bank gave up all of its "Trump rally" gains in the latter weeks of the year. It's understandable that the uncertainty caused by these developments would worry investors, but I look at this as a major buying opportunity for a bank that has one of the most rock-solid business models in the industry, not to mention a generous 4.2% dividend yield. Invest for the long term To be perfectly clear, I'm suggesting both of these as long-term investments. Over shorter periods of time (say, five years or less), investors are better off looking elsewhere. For example, while rising interest rates in the coming years could be great for NYCB, they could potentially be terrible for Digital Realty's stock price. Similarly, a recession could send the entire banking sector lower, even if it doesn't have much to do with the health of the banking sector, or NYCB in particular. The point is that both stocks have some major risk factors, but most of them apply to the short-term. Over the long run, these companies both have winning business models that should produce excellent returns for shareholders, as they have in the past. Matthew Frankel owns shares of AT and T, Digital Realty Trust, and New York Community Bancorp. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Facebook. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info Jan 26, 2017 at 11:42AM Financials Stocks New York Community Bancorp NYSE:NYCB $15.19 up $0.06 (0.40%) Digital Realty Trust NYSE:DLR $106.43 down $-1.14 (-1.06%) Read More 1 Question Bank Investors Should Be Asking Come March This Just In: Upgrades and Downgrades 5 Signs Digital Realty Trust’s Best Days Are Ahead Digital Realty Trust Inc. or ARMOUR Residential REIT, Inc.: Which REIT Is Right for You? 5 Bank Stocks That Yield More Than 3% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Start 2017 off Right with 2 Great Dividend Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $NYCB, $DLR
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Top coconut water maker Vita Coco exploring sale -sources By Reuters Published: 12:29 EST, 26 January 2017 | Updated: 12:29 EST, 26 January 2017 e-mail By Martinne Geller and Lauren Hirsch LONDON/NEW YORK, Jan 26 (Reuters) - Vita Coco, the world's leading brand of coconut water, is exploring a sale of the company that could value it at up to $1 billion, according to sources familiar with the matter. Vita Coco's parent company -- whose investors include celebrities Madonna and Matthew McConaughey -- has hired JP Morgan to advise it on a sale, three sources said. They declined to be identified as the matter is private. Any sale of U.S.-based Vita Coco would come as traditional fizzy drink sales continue to slow and consumers increasingly turn to healthier drinks like coconut water. The business could attract interest from beverage companies such as PepsiCo, Coca-Cola or Dr Pepper Snapple , which late last year paid $1.7 billion for antioxident drink maker Bai Brands. PepsiCo and Coke are already the No. 2 and 3 producers of coconut water. Founded in 2004 by two childhood friends in New York, Vita Coco now has sales in 30 countries and is the global leader in coconut water, with 26 percent of a market worth $2.5 billion, according to data tracker Euromonitor International. Extracted from young, green coconuts, coconut water now enjoys prime placement in coolers across North America and Europe and was the world's fastest-growing cold drink last year, according to Euromonitor, with sales up 19 percent. "The surging demand for packaged, convenient and enhanced water products is the new engine for the beverages industry," said Euromonitor analyst Howard Telford. "Energy drinks, ready-to-drink brewed beverages and super-premium juices – most notably, coconut water – were all top global performers." Vita Coco and JP Morgan declined to comment on a possible sale. Private investment company Verlinvest, which owns a significant stake in the company, was not immediately available for comment. Verlinvest, the family office of one of the Belgian families related to Anheuser Busch InBev, took a stake in Vita Coco in 2007. In 2014, Vita Coco sold a 25 percent stake to the owner of Red Bull China in a deal that brought the drink to the world's most populous country, and valued its parent company, All Market, at $665 million. Verlinvest, founded in 1995, manages assets worth more than 1.4 billion euros, in sectors including food and beverages, e-commerce and retail. Its current food and drink investments include Popchips snacks, Le Blon cachaca and Swedish oat drink Oatly. It was an early investor in vitamin water maker Glaceau, which Coca-Cola acquired for $4.1 billion in 2007. (Reporting by Martinne Geller; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Channel Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards Game of Loans Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators One to a Million Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Credit Cards Blog Finance Blogs » Credit Cards Blog » Best cash-back credit cards: Top picks Best cash-back credit cards: Top picks By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Sunday, January 22, 2017 Posted: 4 pm ET Tweet Email Tweet Email This editorial content is not provided or commissioned by any of the referenced financial institutions or companies. Opinions, analysis, reviews or recommendations expressed here are the author’s alone, not those of any financial institutions or companies, and have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by any such entity. All products or services are presented without warranty. Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. This post contains references to our partners, and Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website. Photo Credit: Dan Dalton/Getty Images The best cash-back credit cards offer generous rewards and sign-up bonuses. But the card that's best for you depends on your spending habits and financial situation. Choosing the right card can mean hundreds or thousands of dollars back on your purchases annually. Some cash-back cards offer a flat-rate percentage on purchases, while other cards come with bonuses on specific categories and a flat-rate percentage on general purchases. CreditCards.com recently rounded up the best cash-back credit cards for its annual cash-back card competition, and the finalists were then rated by a panel of judges to narrow down the top three. CARD SEARCH: Compare cash back credit cards. Notably, the judges declared a tie for second place in this category. <!-- iframe --> Here are the three best cash-back credit cards, according to CreditCards.com: 1. Citi® Double Cash Credit Card The Citi® Double Cash Credit Card earns first place in the competition for its generous 1 percent cash back on everyday purchases and 1 percent when you pay your credit card bill on time. It has a simple rewards structure with no categories to track, no cap on cash back and no annual fee. Highlights: The Citi® Double Cash credit card offers a chance to earn cash back twice: 1 percent cash back on general purchases and an additional 1 percent when you pay your bill on time. With that 1-percent-plus-1-percent cash-back structure, this is an industry-leading card for cash back on general purchases. In addition to generous cash back, the Citi® Double Cash credit card has perks including purchase protection, and trip cancellation and interruption protection. This card comes with a 0 percent APR on balance transfers for 18 months. That makes it a good option for those interested in consolidating and paying down debt. Citi® Double Cash cardholders may also benefit from the Citi Price Rewind program. If you register your purchases online, the company will search for lower prices on those items and refund you the difference on better deals. Fees and APR: There's no annual fee with the Citi® Double Cash credit card. This card comes with a variable APR between 13.49 percent and 23.49 percent. Notes: The Citi® Double Cash credit card is best for those who would like an affordable everyday cash-back card with generous rewards on all purchases and an easy-to-use rewards structure. Perhaps the best feature of the Citi® Double Cash card, aside from the chance to earn cash back twice, is its simplicity. There's no chasing bonus categories, no rotating categories and no annual fee. Disadvantages: Carrying a balance can eat up rewards with the Citi® Double Cash card. And this card requires you to pay on time monthly in order to earn an additional 1 percent cash back. If you typically carry a balance, or often fail to pay on time, this may not be the card for you. There's also no sign-up bonus, something you'll find on other competing cards. 2. Blue Cash Preferred® Card from American Express The Blue Cash Preferred® card tied for second place with the Chase Freedom Unlimited card. Very generous rewards – 6 percent cash back at U.S. supermarkets and 3 percent cash back at gas stations and select department stores – make the Blue Cash Preferred® a top competitor in the cash-back category. Highlights: The Blue Cash Preferred® offers 6 percent cash back at U.S. supermarkets up to $6,000 per year. It also comes with 3 percent cash back at U.S. gas stations and select department stores. On general purchases, this card pays 1 percent back, filling in gaps between its bonus categories. This card offers a $150 statement credit after spending $1,000 on the card within the 1st 3 months of opening an account. Other perks with the Blue Cash Preferred® include a cash back tracker, purchase protection, return protection and roadside assistance. Fees: The Blue Cash Preferred® credit card has an APR between 13.49 percent and 23.49 percent, comparable to the other two cards on this list. This card has a $95 annual fee, which is on the high side. But the generous rewards program, when used properly, can offset that fee. Notes: The Blue Cash Preferred® credit card is best for those who spend big on groceries, gas and department stores. If you're looking for a card that has rewards for more general spending, another cash-back card may be more beneficial. In addition to its sign-up bonus and rewards, this card offers 0 percent APR on purchases and balance transfers for 12 months. That makes it a good option for anyone interested in financing a big purchase or consolidating and paying down debt. Disadvantages: The $6,000 annual spending cap on groceries means the most you could earn is $360 at 6 percent before the relatively low 1 percent rate kicks in. In addition, American Express isn't as widely accepted as Visa, MasterCard and Discover. That might make it necessary to keep a backup card or use this card strategically with others. 3. Chase Freedom Unlimited Card The Chase Freedom Unlimited card tied for second place with the Blue Cash Preferred® credit card for its low-maintenance rewards and 1.5 percent cash back on every purchase. It's ideal for the busy cardholder who doesn't have time to worry about spending on bonus categories. Highlights: The Chase Freedom Unlimited card pays 1.5 percent cash back on all purchases. While that isn't as generous as competing cards, its simplicity and reliable rewards system makes up for the lower rate. This card offers a $150 statement credit for spending $500 within the first three months of opening an account. The Chase Freedom Unlimited card allows you to redeem for cash anytime at any amount. Cash-back rewards don't expire as long as the card stays open. This card offers a 15-month 0 percent APR period on purchases and balance transfers, making it a good card for those looking to finance a large purchase or pay off debt. Car rental insurance, roadside assistance, price protection and extended warranties are included with this card. Fees: The Chase Freedom Unlimited card comes with a variable APR between 15.49 percent and 24.24 percent. There's no annual fee with this card, making it a more affordable option than the Blue Cash Preferred® credit card from American Express, but on the same fee level as the Citi® Double Cash credit card. Notes: The Chase Freedom Unlimited card is best for those who want an easy-to-use everyday cash back card with rewards for all purchases. Those who sign up for the Chase Freedom Unlimited will enjoy its flat 1.5 percent cash back on all purchases, easy redemption, large sign-up bonus and 15-month 0 percent APR period. Disadvantages: While this card can boost your rewards across the board, it isn't ideal if you do a lot of spending in one particular area. For example, if you spend a lot on groceries, the Blue Cash Preferred® card might be a better option. This card also comes with a lower flat rate (1.5 percent) than other cards in its class. The Citi® Double Cash card offers a higher 1 percent cash back on all purchases plus 1 percent cash back for paying your bill on time. Compare Cash Back Cards The bottom line The best cash back credit cards offer generous rewards and easy redemption options, but the card that's ideal for you depends on your spending habits. If you're looking to maximize your rewards across the board, a flat-rate cash back card is your best bet. Likewise, if you spend a lot in certain areas, look for a card with a high cash back rate on particular bonus categories. The Best Cash Back Credit Cards Cash back credit card Rate Cash back reward Citi® Double Cash card 13.49% to 23.49% variable Up to 2% cash back on all purchases Blue Cash Preferred® card 13.49% to 23.49% 6% cash back on groceries, 3% on gas and select department stores Chase Freedom Unlimited 15.49% to 24.24% 1.5% cash back on all purchases Related posts: Best rewards credit cards: Top Picks The best Chase credit cards: Top picks AmEx adds two cash-back cards Best business credit cards: Top 3 picks Best travel credit cards: Top picks « The best hotel credit cards: Top picks The best student credit cards: Top 3 picks » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 9 Comments Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Compare Credit Cards Balance Transfer Cards Low Interest Cards 0% APR Cards Airline Cards Bankrate.com's Best Cards Rewards Cards advertisement Today's Top Stories   Mortgage rates inch downward Can a creditor garnish jobless benefits? 2009 RMD rules for an IRA Co-signer payments will protect credit Health reform needs urgent treatment About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Foreclosure Prevention Returns to the Unknown The New York Times By STACY COWLEY 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Colleges that have produced the most billionaires The most outrageous CEO salaries and perks © Nathan C. Ward for The New York Times Justina Osorio, with her daughter, Vivianna, is one of the last participants in a government program that tries to fend off foreclosure. After an eight-year run, a troubled government effort to prevent foreclosures and keep struggling borrowers in their homes came to an end last month. What happens next will be a Trump-era laboratory experiment in how financial services companies conduct themselves when the regulatory fetters are loosened. The expired Obama-era program — known as HAMP, the Home Affordable Modification Program — was widely criticized for its poor execution. Participation was voluntary for banks, and many that opted in did so unenthusiastically. (At one bank, “the floor of the room in which the bank dumped the voluminous unopened HAMP applications actually buckled under the packages’ sheer weight,” according to a scathing oversight report.) Consumer advocates were also not thrilled; many felt that the program did not go far enough to help troubled homeowners or hold accountable the banks that contributed to their predicaments. Sign up for the Morning Briefing newsletter  But Republican-led Washington has no intention of replacing it. So now it will be entirely up to the private sector to address a lingering social ill that was brought on by the financial crisis. Banks and mortgage lenders say they are ready to step in with their own foreclosure-prevention programs, modeled on what they learned from the Obama administration’s effort. Armed with years of new data, financial companies say they now know how to make loan-modification programs successful, for both borrowers — who want to protect their homes — and lenders, who want to limit their losses on delinquent loans headed for default. “There’s tremendous public good in having an industrywide approach,” said Justin Wiseman, the director of loan administration policy at the Mortgage Bankers Association, a trade group. “No one wants things to revert to what we had before.” Still, housing advocates are skeptical, and for good reason: The mortgage industry was largely responsible for HAMP’s shortcomings (as well as for creating the need for the program in the first place). The business has long been littered with errors, confusion and outright abuses. “We’re going back into uncharted territory,” said Jacob Inwald, the director of foreclosure prevention at Legal Services NYC, which helps low-income residents fight foreclosures and evictions. Before the government stepped in “it was like the Wild West, with every servicer having their own program,” he said. President Barack Obama unveiled HAMP with fanfare in 2009 as the mortgage crisis peaked. More than 7 percent of the nation’s home loans were seriously delinquent or in foreclosure. “This will enable as many as three to four million homeowners to modify the terms of their mortgages to avoid foreclosure,” Mr. Obama said at the time. But the program fell far short of the administration’s goals. Banks and servicers routinely flouted the rules by rejecting eligible homeowners, processing applications at a snail’s pace and tossing people out even when they made their modified payments on time, according to a series of audit reports from the program’s regulatory watchdog, the office of the special inspector general for the Troubled Asset Relief Program. Around 70 percent of those who applied for loan modifications were turned down. In the end, some 1.6 million homeowners had their loans permanently modified — less than half the number the program was intended to help. Meanwhile, nearly 14 million homes went into foreclosure, according to ATTOM Data Solutions, which tracks foreclosure filings. At the end of last month, HAMP — which was always intended to be a limited-time program — expired. And the mortgage industry, and even some consumer advocates, say now is the right time for the government to step away. The housing market has stabilized. The rate of delinquencies and foreclosures is at its lowest point since 2007 and continues to decline, and home prices have risen in many places. New lending rules have eliminated many of the practices that got homeowners and lenders in trouble, like no-documentation loans and mortgages with low teaser rates. But even in a stronger market there will always be some homeowners in trouble because of a job loss, illness or other setback. Before 2009, few banks had programs in place to restructure loans. Through HAMP and other experiments, lenders say, they have learned much about how to make such efforts work. “Payment reduction, more than anything else, matters the most in making a modification successful,” said Mr. Wiseman of the Mortgage Bankers Association. “It sounds like the most obvious thing in the world, but it took us six years of data and research to get there.” The trade group convened a task force last year to develop a framework for future modifications. The proposal they came up with looks a lot like HAMP, with one key difference: its monthly payment target. The government’s program focused on housing debt as a percentage of a homeowner’s total income. Its goal was to set a borrower’s monthly mortgage costs at 31 percent or less of their earnings. The industry’s recommended new system instead emphasizes payment reduction. It targets a drop of at least 20 percent in the homeowner’s monthly bill through a series of steps that include interest-rate reductions, adding years to the life of the loan, and principal forbearance or forgiveness. Two of the nation’s largest mortgage holders, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, adopted that end goal — a 20 percent payment reduction — for their new foreclosure-prevention program, which will take effect in October. (Both have other modification programs in place until then.) A number of major banks are also on board. JPMorgan Chase will adopt the “core constructs” of the mortgage banking group’s proposal. “I think there’s a broad consensus across the industry that standardization and scalability helps everyone,” said Erik Schmitt, JPMorgan Chase’s executive director of mortgage lending, who was co-chairman of the banking association’s task force. For lenders, getting a delinquent borrower paying again on a modified mortgage is often (but not always) cheaper than foreclosing on the home and selling it. But that is not necessarily true for mortgage servicers — the companies that collect payments each month, which are sometimes independent from the loan’s underlying owner. Chasing down late payments, and tacking on fees for them, can be lucrative. Regulators have penalized companies again and again, levying billions of dollars in fines on lenders and servicers accused of illegal and abusive tactics. Just this week, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau fined two Citigroup subsidiaries nearly $29 million for “giving the runaround” to borrowers seeking payment relief. (Citigroup said in a written statement that it was “pleased to resolve these matters.”) That has left consumer advocates wary about whether, in the absence of a government program like HAMP, industry players can be trusted. Homeowners like Justina Osorio, a 40-year-old single mother in Columbus, Ohio, who is fighting to save her house, have a lot riding on the answer. Ms. Osorio bought her home in 1999 for around $110,000, and she and her husband raised four children there. But in 2014 the couple separated, and Ms. Osorio, who was unemployed at the time, fell behind on her $790 monthly payment. She and her children, now ages 7 to 23, feared they would become homeless. A worker at the local food bank referred Ms. Osorio to Homes on the Hill, a housing counseling agency. The group started helping her with a HAMP application last January. In late December, it was finally approved, making Ms. Osorio one of the program’s final participants. Based on the monthly income of her sons — one is a cook, and two are in landscaping and construction — the family’s new monthly bill is $736. If Ms. Osorio makes three trial payments on time, her arrears will be folded into a new loan. Her housing counselor, Daniel Ruggiero, said that HAMP was far from perfect, but that the modification process was typically even slower and more filled with obstacles at lenders that did not participate in the voluntary program. He is leery of what comes next. “My biggest concern is whether servicers will keep following guidelines, and not just throw all this out the window and go back to the mess it was before,” Mr. Ruggiero said. “I imagine two or three will do it really well, others will muddle through, and some will simply go back to, ‘We’re not doing modifications.’” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices More in Real Estate 10 amazing round houses from around the world Why live in a box-shaped house when you could live in home where the walls are endless? From glass domes beneath the Northern Lights to magical eco-friendly houses in the forest, we round up the most incredible circular homes from around the world. Lovemoney The top 15 American cities for young college grads Did your city make the cut? Business Insider 'The Mary Tyler Moore Show' Home For Sale in Minneapolis The Victorian mansion has enough room for Rhoda and Lou Grant. Zillow 5 Reasons It Will Be Harder to Buy a House in 2017 Nearly 5.5 million previously lived-in homes were sold last year, making 2016 the strongest for the housing market since 2006.&nbsp; Fiscal Times XD Load Error More from The New York Times When campus rapists are repeat offenders The New York Times On Lebanon's once-sparkling shores, a garbage dump grows The New York Times Gene-modified ants shed light on how societies are organized The New York Times What’s on TV Saturday: Ruth Negga in ‘Loving,’ and the new ‘Ghostbusters’ The New York Times The New York Times View the Full Site AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 26° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Overcast. A few flurries are possible. High 29F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Overcast. A few flurries are possible. Low around 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 9:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 2 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Jan 26, 2017 Updated 12 hrs ago 0 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Business General News Earnings Surprises Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Financial Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Earnings Estimates Earnings Reports Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets International Trade Currency Markets Japanese Yen × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: AMV, LLC moves to former PACAL Industries site Seasonal fudges are a hit for Coon Valley Candy Co. No unauthorized immigrants? Manufacturing, hospitality workforces would struggle Dow hits historic 20,000: Does it mean anything? Asian stocks up after Dow breaks through 20,000 milestone Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Cybersecurity Short Interest Remains Mixed By Chris Lange January 26, 2017 11:45 am EST Print Email Tweet Cybersecurity has become an increasingly important issue that companies have to address as they continue to develop new platforms and mobile apps. Hackers have been able to steal credit card and personal information from major companies like JPMorgan and Home Depot. As a result, cybersecurity has become more necessary, and instead of developing a dedicated department within a company, most opt to hire a third-party cybersecurity firm. What is interesting here is that many investors think cybersecurity is the next area in technology that needs real consolidation. The January 13 short interest data have been compared with the previous figures, and short interest moves in the selected cybersecurity stocks were mixed. FireEye Inc. (NASDAQ: FEYE) saw its short interest decrease to 20.34 million shares from the previous reading of 20.96 million. Shares were last seen at $12.93, in a 52-week trading range of $10.87 to $19.63. The short interest at CyberArk Software Ltd. (NASDAQ: CYBR) increased to 449,382 shares from the previous level of 389,162. Shares were trading at $51.94, within a 52-week range of $31.50 to $59.28. Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.’s (NASDAQ: CHKP) short interest decreased to 9.25 million shares from the previous reading of 9.59 million. Shares were trading at $97.52, in a 52-week range of $74.34 to $99.74. The number of Palo Alto Networks Inc. (NYSE: PANW) shares short ticked up to 6.67 million from the previous level of 6.65 million. Shares were trading at $145.78, within a 52-week range of $111.09 to $165.69. Fortinet Inc.’s (NASDAQ: FTNT) short interest increased to 7.48 million shares from its previous reading of 5.37 million. Shares were trading at $32.55, in a 52-week trading range of $23.16 to $37.48. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   In addition, check out the most shorted Nasdaq stocks, which included Sirius XM, Intel and Yahoo. By Chris Lange « Why Credit Suisse Sees Big Upside From Williams Why Analysts Are Chasing Boeing Shares Higher Again » Read more: Technology, short interest, Check Point Software Technolog... (NASDAQ:CHKP), FEYE, Fortinet (NASDAQ:FTNT), Palo Alto Networks (NYSE:PANW) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register January 28th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News US stock indexes drift mostly lower in morning trading Poll In light of recent local cases, are there too many delays in the judicial process? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Alex Veiga, The Associated Press on January 26, 2017. U.S. stock indexes drifted mostly lower in morning trading Thursday as the market gave up some of its gains from the day before, when the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 for the first time. Technology stocks were down the most, while financial companies led the gainers. Investors have their eye on the latest company earnings news. KEEPING SCORE: The Standard & Poor’s 500 index fell 1 point to 2,296 as of 11:15 a.m. Eastern Time. The Nasdaq composite index slid 3 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 5,651. The Dow edged up 27 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 20,111. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 7 points, or 0.5 per cent, to 1,375. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. RECORD RUN: It’s been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration’s policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. THE QUOTE: “Earnings have come in strong for sure,” said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. “This is a very important component of the rally that we’ve seen.” NO JOY: Mattel sank 14.4 per cent after the toymaker reported a big slowdown in sales over the holidays. The stock was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $4.55 to $27.01. PRICE SLUMP: McKesson slid 7.7 per cent after the prescription drug distributor said prices were weaker than it expected in its fiscal third quarter. The stock shed $11.67 to $139.43. SOLD: United Rentals jumped 12.1 per cent after the equipment rentals company said it has agreed to acquire construction equipment company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals led all the gainers in the S&P 500, climbing $13.81 to $128.06. FRESH COAT: Sherwin-Williams jumped 8.3 per cent after the paint and coatings company reported quarterly earnings and revenue that easily beat analysts’ forecasts. The stock gained $23.39 to $306.81. HEALTHY RESULTS: Biogen rose 3.6 per cent after the company reported a bigger profit than expected, which bought it back to around breakeven this year. The stock added $9.87 to $283.11. HOME SWEET HOME: PulteGroup gained 5.1 per cent after the homebuilder reported that quarterly earnings and sales beat Wall Street’s estimates. The stock was up $1.04 to $21.49. SMOOTH SAILING: Royal Caribbean Cruises Ltd. was up 7.8 per cent after the cruise line operator gave an optimistic forecast for 2017 and said bookings are good. The stock added $6.86 to $94.53. BREXIT WORRIES: Whirlpool tumbled 6.9 per cent after the appliance maker said Britain’s impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $13.04 to $177.16. MARKETS OVERSEAS: Germany’s DAX was up 0.2 per cent, while the CAC-40 in France was 0.4 per cent lower. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was down 0.2 per cent. Earlier in Asia, Japan’s Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 per cent and South Korea’s Kospi gained 0.8 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose 1.4 per cent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude oil was up 96 cents, or 1.8 per cent, at $53.71 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was up $1.20, or 2.2 per cent, at $56.62 a barrel in London. TREASURY YIELDS: Bond prices were fell. The 10-year Treasury yield rose to 2.54 per cent from 2.52 per cent late Wednesday. CURRENCIES: The dollar rose to 114.80 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0665 from $1.0743. 000000 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations By Paul Ebeling on January 26, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations $AA, $AKS, $COH, $H, $JBLU, $RIG, $VZ, $WMT Daily HeffX-LTN reviews Wall Street analysts research reports to find new investing and trading ideas for our readers. Some reports cover stocks to buy, and others cover stocks to sell or avoid. Below is a list of Wall Streets top analysts upgrades, downgrades and initiations for Thursday, as follows: Alcoa Corp. (NYSE:AA) analyst raised to Buy from Neutral with a $45 price target at Citigroup, and Deutsche Bank raised it to Hold from Sell with a 30 target. AK Steel Holding Corp. (NYSE:AKS) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at JPMorgan. AK Steel has a 52-wk trading range of 1.85  – 11.39, and it had a consensus analyst target price of 10.14. Coach Inc. (NYSE:COH) was downgraded to Neutral from Overweight at Atlantic Equities. It also was downgraded to Outperform at CLSA. The 52-wk trading range is 32.95 – 43.71, and it has a consensus target price of 43.28. Hyatt Hotels Corp. (NYSE:H) was downgraded to Hold from Buy with a 60 price target at Berenberg. Hyatt has a 52-wk trading range of 37.00 – 58.05 and a consensus target price of 55.44. JettBlue Airways Corp. (NASDAQ:JBLU) was raised to Overweight from Neutral with a 27 price target at JPMorgan. JetBlue has a 52-wk trading range of 14.76 – 23.67 and a consensus price target at 26.17. Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG) analysts raised to Neutral from Underweight with a 13.70 price target at Piper Jaffray.  Transocean has a 52-wk trading range of 7.67 – 16.66 and a consensus price target of 12.75. Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE:VZ) Verizon was downgraded to Market Perform from Outperform with a 52 target price at FBR Capital Markets. Argus maintained its Buy rating and 60 target price on Verizon. The 52-wk trading range is 46.01 – 56.95, and the consensus target price is 53.27. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE:WMT) analysts started with a Market Perform rating at Wells Fargo. Wal-Mart also has a 52-wk trading range of 62.35 – 75.19 and a consensus analysts target of 74.05. Stay tuned…   AA, AKS, buy, COH, H, hold, ideas, JBLU, market, price, RIG, sell, target, trade, trading, VZ, Wall Street, WMT Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations added by Paul Ebeling on January 26, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) LTN Favorite Ferrari (NYSE:RACE) Above Key Resistance Turned Support - January 28, 2017 Ferrari and Ford on the GT Class Poles for Rolex 24 at Daytona - January 28, 2017 US-Russia Imposed “Safe Zones” Pushes Iran Out of Syria - January 28, 2017 Related posts: Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Wall Street’s Top Analysts Upgrades, Downgrades & Initiations Subscribe You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close By Traders For Traders Live Trading News HOME Investments Real Estate Education Strategy Stocks US Stocks Australia OTC Markets Futures Asia Middle East Currencies Commodities Metals Grains Crude Oil FX Politics America Asia Australia Middle East Terrorism Lifestyle Luxury Travel Health Opinion Shayne Heffernan Paul Ebeling Sports Fishing Formula One Ferrari Horse Racing Formula One Contact Us Trading Consulting Real Estate Investing EB5 Mergers & Acquisitions CrowdFunding Commodities Metals America’s Big Banks Enter the Marijuana Industry By Paul Ebeling on January 24, 20172 Comments Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post America’s Big Banks Enter the Marijuana Industry $JPM, $BAC, $C, $WFC , $MCD, $SBUX, $AAPL, $WFM A Key issues facing the marijuana industry in the US states with legalized marijuana is their inability to find a bank willing to handle the money. That is because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, and many banks have refused to open accounts for businesses in the the industry. The country’s  biggest banks: Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) declared in Y 2015 that they did not provided banking services to marijuana related businesses. According to study conducted on behalf of “American Banker,” out of 84 applicants to operate medical marijuana dispensaries in Massachusetts filed between June 2015 and September 2016, 29 of the businesses claimed they had accounts at 1 of the  big banks or 1 of the banks’ subsidiaries. Of that total, 17 had a connection to Bank of America. The overall all perception is that big banks do not do business with cannabis businesses, but at least in some of cases that appears not to be the case. What will happen under  the Trump Administration remains to be seen, but Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions has been clear that he will enforce federal law. People in North America spent $53.3-B on legal, medical, and illicit marijuana in Y 2016. That’s more cash than Americans spend in a year at McDonald’s (NYSE:MCD) and Starbucks (NNASDAQ:SBUX) combined. According to a new report from Arcview Market Research, a leading publisher of marijuana market research, the black market is losing ground to its legal counterpart as consumers spend more money each year on legal cannabis. Progress is slow The North American legal marijuane market posted $6.7-B in revenue in Y 2016, up 30% from the year before. The illicit market generated 87% of total pot sales, down from 90% in Y 2015. The numbers suggest the legal marijuana industry is growing quickly, but it has a ways to go before it breaks the black market, which has the lion’s share of revenue. For the year, tax collections totaled $60-M, a sizable rise above the $45-M expected by state officials at the beginning of the year. Marijuana retailers have said in recent months that demand remains strong for their products, but sales have suffered because of tight supplies. Questions about pesticide use and changes in the permitting of retailers combined to decrease availability. Substance use disorder (SUD) has risen with US Vets using medical marijuana for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in the past fiscal years. From Y’s 2002 to 2014, the use of marijuana has risen 22.7% in Veteran community, according to Veterans Affairs (VA). As of Y 2014, 40,000 Veterans with both SUD and PTSD were diagnosed with cannabis use disorder, according to VA. There are some problems associated with the use of medical cannabis. Physical dependence is a state that develops as result as tolerance or adaptation from the result of use of the drug disrupting the body’s biochemical balance”. “Marijuana use by individuals with PTSD may lead to negative consequences such as marijuana tolerance,” according to VA.   Cannabis entrepreneurs, borrowing from successful retailers such as Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Whole Foods, are opening dispensaries with natural light, spacious displays and open-floor plans. With the drug now legal for recreational use in California and 7 other states, such amenities could attract an anticipated flow of new customers who are less familiar with cannabis and may be put off by the industry’s generally dingy shopping experience. Stay tuned…     AAPL, bac, Banks, C, cannabis, growers, JPM, marijuana, market, MCD, retailers, SBUX, Vets, WFC, wfm America’s Big Banks Enter the Marijuana Industry added by Paul Ebeling on January 24, 2017 View all posts by Paul Ebeling → The following two tabs change content below. Bio Latest Posts Paul Ebeling Paul A. Ebeling, polymath, excels in diverse fields of knowledge. Pattern Recognition Analyst in Equities, Commodities and Foreign Exchange and author of “The Red Roadmaster’s Technical Report” on the US Major Market Indices™, a highly regarded, weekly financial market letter, he is also a philosopher, issuing insights on a wide range of subjects to a following of over 250,000 cohorts. An international audience of opinion makers, business leaders, and global organizations recognizes Ebeling as an expert. Latest posts by Paul Ebeling (see all) LTN Favorite Ferrari (NYSE:RACE) Above Key Resistance Turned Support - January 28, 2017 Ferrari and Ford on the GT Class Poles for Rolex 24 at Daytona - January 28, 2017 US-Russia Imposed “Safe Zones” Pushes Iran Out of Syria - January 28, 2017 Related posts: Medical Marijuana, Benefits and Side Effects Marijuana Is Creating ‘Headaches’ for People in Legal US Businesses Marijuana Legalization in USA Triggering Keen Investor Interest Medical Marijuana Update Subscribe 2 Responses to "America’s Big Banks Enter the Marijuana Industry" Bill Torrington   January 25, 2017 at 1:57 pm Please consider the following as a front page article on Post Traumatic Stress Disorder – The Transcendental Meditation program has been approved by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) for over 20 years for soldiers with PTSD. Kindly watch and share with all – “PTSD and Transcendental Meditation – David George, Infantryman” (2:34; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ki4c-XkYsM / excellent!) and “Transcendental Meditation Improves Performance at Military University” (5:12; https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oIH0913lQe0 ) Also see, “Use a Treatment for PTSD That Actually Works” in The Hill, Washington DC http://thehill.com/blogs/congress-blog/healthcare/262340-use-a-treatment-for-ptsd-that-actually-works and “Transcendental Meditation May Reduce PTSD Symptoms, Medication in Active-Duty Personnel” in EurekAlert (01/11/16) http://www.eurekalert.org/pub_releases/2016-01/mcog-tmm011116.php Thanks! Bill @ BillsArtBox.com P.S. Please visit https://www.davidlynchfoundation.org/veterans.html for more information. Note: Results are available for long-standing PTSD symptoms, as well, including for Vietnam Veterans. Also, see the dramatic effects for Domestic Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder for women and children, and for PTSD for “First Responders”, at http://www.davidlynchfoundation.org/#video=6gM_sXiUPvo (5:24) Also, from http://www.army.mil/ : “Transcendental Meditation – a Path to Healing” “Doctors promised him through medication and hard work he could potentially heal over the course of years, but since transcendental meditation he has moved much closer to achieving his recovery in months.” – U.S. Army official website Log in to Reply Paul Ebeling   January 25, 2017 at 4:16 pm I am for that Bill, it works but one has to work at it. Love, peace always, Paul Log in to Reply You must be logged in to post comments :   CONNECT WITH Category Specific RSS All Topics Stocks FX Politics Horse Racing Opinion Travel Health FREE HEFFX MEMBERSHIP TODAY Enter Email * First Name * Last Name * Example: Yes, I would like to receive emails from Live Trading News. (You can unsubscribe anytime) By submitting this form, you are granting: heffx, 3 Raffles Place, Singapore, 048617, permission to email you. You may unsubscribe via the link found at the bottom of every email. (See our Email Privacy Policy (http://constantcontact.com/legal/privacy-statement) for details.) Emails are serviced by Constant Contact. Commodities Consulting Contact Us CrowdFunding EB5 Live Trading Room Mergers & Acquisitions Metals Real Estate Investing Trading Copyright 2016 HEFFX.com © 2017, ↑ Live Trading News By Traders For Traders
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe From the editor Keeping journalism alive begins with you. If you don't subscribe to The Seattle Times, we invite you to do so today. Business Markets Nation & World Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Originally published January 26, 2017 at 7:18 am Updated January 26, 2017 at 7:25 pm Share story By KELVIN CHAN The Associated Press HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar’s surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia’s S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump’s joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. Most Read Stories For thousands, light rail could be the only way through downtown Seattle next year Sumner’s Connor Wedington part of growing trend of football players opting to decommit Dense city? These maps show just how spread out Seattle actually is Seattle ‘won’t be bullied,’ will fight Trump’s sanctuary-city order, mayor says Washington’s 30-year earthquake drill for the ‘Big One’: Order studies. Ignore them. Repeat.Unlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. QUOTEWORTHY: “What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American’s trade deficits,” said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. “Whereas U.S.’s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China.” US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world’s biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. KELVIN CHAN Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Average US 30-year mortgage rate rises to 4.19 percent Previous Story US new-home sales tumble in December Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: muscatinejournal.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Customer Service Subscribe Sections e-Edition Customer Service Contact Us Subscriptions Place an ad News Crime Opinion Sports Submit news Calendar Hometown Sports High school College Entertainment Games & Puzzles People Weekly Ads Classifieds Business Directory Jobs Cars Real Estate Place an ad Newspaper Ads Special sections Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 28° Muscatine, IA (52761) Today Mainly cloudy. Tonight Mostly cloudy. Low near 25F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: January 27, 2017 @ 8:55 pm Full Forecast Obits Opinion Local Crime & Courts Classifieds Sports Close 1 of 2 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) AP Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer Jan 26, 2017 Updated 23 hrs ago 0 Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) Mark Lennihan Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) HONG KONG (AP) — Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! MuscatineJournal.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Tags Wire Business General News Earnings Surprises Earnings Financial Performance Corporate News Financial Markets Stock Prices Leading Economic Indicators Economy Earnings Estimates Earnings Reports Stock Indices And Averages Stock Markets Brent Crude Markets Crude Oil Markets Energy Markets Commodity Markets International Trade Currency Markets Japanese Yen × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. More sports headlines Muskie girls show mettle but fall short against No. 9 Knights Friday's prep report PREP SCOREBOARD | Friday, Jan. 20 Thursday's prep report Seniors relays shine as Muskies swimmers sweep triangular More on this topic California clears hurdle for cancer warning label on Roundup Tests: Maintenance workers killed by train were on drugs Feds: Arrests in scam banking on 'Hamilton,' Adele shows Bolivia: 19 miners trapped inside mine are rescued Nebraska bills aim to make online retailers pay sales tax Local Companies | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Most Popular World wide support, respect grows for Devin Martz Muscatine residents demonstrate in Des Moines Women's March Sale of a school: Washington Elementary gets a new life Greg H. Mullen "Slow equals fair," Muscatine City Attorney says Anthony ‘Tony’ James Steckman Starting conversations: addressing homelessness in Muscatine Ministry and service in times of great need: Martha Lang ordained as priest Port of Muscatine: City studies the feasibility of building a container port 1 dead in mining accident near Buffalo Currents National The county in every state with the lowest graduation rate Home and Garden Can this red hot chunk of steel melt through a frozen lake? Movies These iconic movies are celebrating big anniversaries in 2017 James, Irving help Cavs break losing streak, beat Nets In wake of Ventura's tragic death, Royals face harsh reality Welcome to Hockeywood: NHL All-Stars converge for LA party Quintana wants to stay with rebuilding White Sox TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Anchor confronts man behind voter fraud claim Khizr Khan on Trump's refugee ban Man says he can prove 2016 voter fraud Rare view of tunnels under border wall Sites & Partners muscatinejournal.com qctimes.com Hawkmania Topics & Features Obituaries E-Edition Weather Contact Us River Levels Online Features Tools & Services Buy Photos © Copyright 2017 The Muscatine Journal, 301 E. 3rd St Muscatine, IA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar business all More Global shares drift as euphoria over Dow's 20k breach fades The Associated Press  01.27.2017 Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) ShareAdjustCommentPrint LONDON - European shares traded in narrow ranges Friday as the momentum generated by the Dow Jones' breach of the 20,000 mark for the first time faded and following news the U.S. economy lost momentum in the final three months of 2016. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, France's CAC 40 dropped 0.4 per cent to 4,846 while Germany's DAX fell 0.2 per cent to 11,825. Britain's FTSE 100 was 0.1 per cent higher at 7,171. Wall Street was poised for a flat opening with Dow futures and the broader S&P 500 unchanged. TRUMP: Investors remain focused on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. His spokesman said the administration was considering slapping a 20 per cent tax on imports from Mexico to help pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "Despite the divisive nature of Trumps policies, markets have come to the realization that money talks, and with many of his other policies coming to fruition, it seems a fiscal spending package is just around the corner," said Joshua Mahony, market analyst at IG. U.S. DATA: The Commerce Department said the U.S. economy grew at an annual rate of just 1.9 per cent in the October-December period, a slowdown from 3.5 per cent growth in the third quarter. For 2016, the economy grew 1.6 per cent. It was the worst showing since 2011 and down from 2.6 per cent growth in 2015. Trump has set a goal of doubling growth through an ambitious stimulus program featuring tax cuts, deregulation and higher infrastructure spending. ASIA'S DAY: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.3 per cent to close at 19,467.40, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 per cent to 23,360.78. The S&P/ASX 200 in Australia rose 0.8 per cent to 5,714.00. India's Sensex gained 0.7 per cent to 27,902.55. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Markets in China, South Korea and Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. Many Asian countries have begun holidays of varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. CURRENCIES: The euro was up 0.1 per cent at $1.0695 while the dollar rose 0.6 per cent to 115.15 yen. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil slipped 29 cents to $53.49 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 41 cents to $56.08 a barrel in London. x Share Global shares drift as euphoria over Dow's 20k breach fades Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Business Videos Editor's Picks Gallery of the latest Aislin, Boris and Gigot cartoons Gloves or no gloves, Cook is ready to fight Butler at Bell CentreThe majority of professional prizefighters — heavyweights being the exception — ... Checking In: Fairmont embodies spirit of CharlevoixManoir Richelieu is a fairy tale castle with all-season activities for children, ... Featured Columnists Josh Freed: Look on the bright side of TrumpFAKE NEWS FLASH: Martians to land on Earth with reported mission to “lock her up... Don Macpherson: Signs of trouble for Parti Québécois leader Jean-François LiséeThe language issue could become a problem for PQ leader Jean-François Lisée at the... The Right Chemistry: Tampons, in space and on EarthWhile there is much misinformation about tampons, there is a real issue: plastic... Watchwords: Pet peeves about how English is spokenMistakes pronouncing "pronunciation," the turning of "pre" into "per" (as in "perfessionals... Top Stories Josh Freed: Look on the bright side of TrumpFAKE NEWS FLASH: Martians to land on Earth with reported mission to “lock her up... Crown calls for stiff penalties and jail terms in Quebec maple syrup theftThree men convicted of stealing $18 million worth of maple syrup should face stiff... Medical specialists reach tentative deal with Quebec over user feesThe $45-million deal, which must still be approved by the province's radiologists... Checking In: Fairmont embodies spirit of CharlevoixManoir Richelieu is a fairy tale castle with all-season activities for children, ... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump - CBS46 News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Local News Crime Cobb DeKalb Fulton Gwinnett Other Counties Georgia Politics US and World News North Georgia drought and wildfires Traffic Gas Prices Web Links News Tips WeatheRate & 3° Guarantee 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weekend Forecast Photo Friday Current Temperatures Interactive Map Live Radar Weather Maps Daily Pollen Count Weather Cams with Radar School Closings Download the CBS46 Weather App Photos CBS46 Live Stream Watch CBS Shows Metro Atlanta HD Live Look Cams Better Call Harry Videos Positively Georgia CBS46 Cares Books to Kids Events Go Red For Women Atlanta Falcons Atlanta Braves Atlanta Hawks SEC College Sports News Meet the Staff Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows Peachtree TV CBS46 Deals Job openings Internships Contests Closed Captioning Connect With CBS46 Print Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Posted: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:32 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore > Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore > In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More > Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore > Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More > A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore > Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore > Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore > 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More > A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More > A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore > Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore > New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >    By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News Video Weather Photos Station Meet the Staff Program Schedule Job Openings Online Public File Closed Captioning Childrens Programming FCC EEO Public File Report Public File Contact All content © 2000- 2017 WGCL-TV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump - News9.com - Oklahoma City, OK - News, Weather, Video and Sports | Oklahoma Headlines 9 Investigates Special Coverage My 2 Cents Politics Health About Your Retirement Strange News Submit News Tips Email Sign-Up Radars Weather In-Depth Current Temps News 9 Traffic Map Weather 101 Safety Tips Weather Community SKYCAMS Storm Zone News 9 Videos Watch CBS Shows VideoBytes Video Requests The Vault Latest Recipes By Type By Specialty Sign Up For Recipe Emails Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Text & Win Concept Home Food For Kids TV Schedules Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCH Print Asian shares rise in thin trade as markets watch Trump Posted: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:21 AM EST Updated: Thursday, January 26, 2017 10:32 PM EST NationalMore>> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:42 AM EST2017-01-28 08:42:56 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Diplomatic debut: Trump makes uneven entry onto world stage Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 3:12 AM EST2017-01-28 08:12:55 GMT President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> President Donald Trump's diplomatic debut in his first week in office has been an uneven oneMore >> Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Pence helps bring new energy to anti-abortion rally in DC Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 2:42 AM EST2017-01-28 07:42:57 GMT The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> The March for Life has become a familiar ritual in Washington after more than four decades, but this year, abortion opponents have political momentum on their sideMore >> In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights In Iowa, Trump voters cheer changes, dismiss petty fights Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 1:32 AM EST2017-01-28 06:32:53 GMT Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight...More >> Far from the cacophony enveloping Washington in Trump's first week in office, the Iowa voters who helped him capture the state and the presidency last November give the president high marks for reversing eight years of Democrat Barack Obama's policiesMore >> Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Refugees wish more focus on Syria, less on closing US doors Updated: Saturday, January 28 2017 12:12 AM EST2017-01-28 05:12:57 GMT A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S....More >> A Syrian whose family was the first to be resettled in America as part of the U.S. "surge" refugee program believes President Donald Trump should help topple Syria's regime rather than press to close off U.S. borders to more refugeesMore >> Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Pearl Harbor Navy salvage diver dies at 103 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-28 03:42:49 GMT Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Ken Hartle, who as a Navy diver during World War II had the grim task of retrieving bodies from ships sunk by the Japanese at Pearl Harbor, has diedMore >> Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Decades-old slaying of Righteous Brothers singer's ex solved Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 10:22 PM EST2017-01-28 03:22:48 GMT Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> Los Angeles County authorities say they've solved the 1976 rape and killing of the ex-wife of Righteous Brothers singer Bill MedleyMore >> 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 'Perry Mason' actress Barbara Hale dies at 94 Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:46 GMT A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, the actress who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94. Hale appeared in the courtroom drama on CBS from 1957 to 1966 and...More >> A family spokeswoman says that Barbara Hale, who played steadfast secretary Della Street on "Perry Mason," has died at the age of 94More >> A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era A mix of despair and resolve for US Muslims in Trump era Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:22 PM EST2017-01-28 02:22:45 GMT American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> American Muslims are vowing to be resilient as they confront President Donald Trump's agendaMore >> Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Prosecutors won't pursue misconduct charge against Christie Updated: Friday, January 27 2017 9:12 PM EST2017-01-28 02:12:46 GMT New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >> New Jersey prosecutors say they will not pursue a criminal misconduct case against Republican Gov. Chris Christie in the George Washington Bridge lane-closing scandalMore >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK Trump, May affirm special relationship between US, UK President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences. More >> President Donald Trump and British Prime Minister Theresa May appeared chummy as they faced a curious world together for the first time, pledging allegiance to the special relationship between their countries while trying to paper over stark differences.More >> Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight Scientists move Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight. More >> The Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists says President Donald Trump's comments on nuclear weapons and climate change factored in to its decision to move the Doomsday Clock 30 seconds closer to midnight.More >> Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico Trump proposes big tax, triggering fight with Mexico President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to Washington More >> President Donald Trump triggered a diplomatic clash and fresh fight over trade Thursday as the White House proposed a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto abruptly scrapped next week's trip to WashingtonMore >> Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Spokesman says Trump seeks 20 percent tax on Mexican imports Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Sean Spicer says the President is currently planning on implementing an import tax on Mexico to pay for border wall. More >> Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Pence hints at SCOTUS nominee Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia.  More >> Vice-President Mike Pence says President Trump will nominate someone in the "tradition of" Scalia. More >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' Trump to GOP lawmakers: 'Our chance to achieve great change' President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health care More >> President Donald Trump called on fellow Republicans to help him enact "great and lasting change" during a party retreat Thursday, but offered the lawmakers few details about his views on key issues including tax reform and health careMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agenda More >> President Donald Trump on Thursday rallied fellow Republicans who control the White House and Congress for the first time in nearly a decade, telling lawmakers they will be busier than they have been in decades helping him implement a broad agendaMore >> Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat Trump to address GOP House, Senate members at retreat President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreat More >> President Donald Trump is making his first appearance before Republican House and Senate members since taking office to address lawmakers at their annual policy retreatMore >> Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Workers, strivers, huddled masses: Immigration in America Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world events More >> Immigration to the United States has come in swells and dips over the past two-plus centuries, driven by shifts in U.S. policy, the mood in the country and world eventsMore >>    By KELVIN CHAN AP Business Writer HONG KONG (AP) - Asian stocks drifted mostly higher Friday in quiet trading as traders and investors prepared for the start of the lunar new year holiday across much of the region. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index climbed 0.4 percent to 19,474.15, helped by the dollar's surge against the Japanese yen, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng slipped 0.1 percent to 23,356.57. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 rose 0.6 percent to 5,703.30. Markets in China, South Korea, Taiwan were closed while Malaysia was open only for the morning session. LUNAR NEW YEAR: Many Asian countries are going on holiday for varying lengths, curtailing trading across much of the region. Mainland China will take the longest break, shutting down for an entire week. TRUMP: With little in the way of market-moving events expected in Asia, investors were focusing on the latest moves by U.S. President Donald Trump. He plans to slap a 20 percent tax on imports from Mexico to pay for his promised border wall, in an announcement that left markets uncertain about what it means for trade. Trump's joint press conference with visiting British Prime Minister Theresa May scheduled for later Friday could also provide trading catalysts, especially for the pound. QUOTEWORTHY: "What worries me is that Mexico accounts for only around 8 percent of American's trade deficits," said Margaret Yang, an analyst at CMC Markets in Singapore. "Whereas U.S.'s trade deficit with the Pacific Rim is approximately six times larger than that of Mexico. His hard stance toward Mexico could give us a hint of his future trade policies against the Pacific Rim countries, especially China." US DATA: Fourth-quarter U.S. economic growth estimates are due out later along with the latest round of corporate earnings. The numbers will provide fresh insight on the world's biggest economy and help guide Fed officials as they plan further interest rate increases this year. WALL STREET: Major U.S. benchmarks had a mixed finish. The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory, rising 0.2 percent to 20,100.91. But the broader S&P 500 index fell 0.1 percent to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 0.02 percent to 5,655.18. CURRENCIES: The dollar climbed to 114.89 yen from 114.46 in late trading Thursday. The euro slipped to $1.0681 from $1.0684. ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose 8 cents to $53.87 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. The contract added $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel on Thursday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, crept 1 cent higher to $56.50 a barrel in London. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News 9 7401 N. Kelley Ave. Oklahoma City, OK 73111 OKLAHOMA CITY'S OWN TM Oklahoma's Own News9.com is proud to provide Oklahomans with timely and relevant news and information, sharing the stories, pictures and loves of Oklahomans across our great state including Oklahoma City's Own. Station Profile & Public Inspection Files NEWS 9 Investigates Crime Education Special Coverage Health Politics Links Consumer Watch My 2 Cents WEATHER Interactive ESP Street Level Radar Current Temps Weather 101 Weather Community Storm Tracker Weather In-Depth FEATURED Video Share Recipes Classifieds Contests Community Contact Us Employment DIGITAL NETWORK NewsOn6.com News9.com TulsaCW.com RadioOklahoma.net OklahomaFarmReport.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KWTV. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 1/26/2017 4:00 PM US stock indexes drift mostly lower; Dow ekes out gain Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. Associated Press Screens for the Nasdaq Composite and Nasdaq-100 are displayed at Nasdaq, Thursday, Jan. 26, 2017, in New York. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. Associated Press   By ALEX VEIGA     The Dow Jones industrial average inched further into record territory Thursday, eking out a gain while the broader U.S. market indexes drifted lower. The Dow's gain came a day after closing above 20,000 for the first time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite posted small losses, snapping two days of consecutive record highs. More stocks fell than rose on the New York Stock Exchange. Financial stocks led the gainers, while health care companies lagged the most. With about 30 percent of the companies in the S&P 500 index serving up earnings this week, the quarterly report cards continued to be a focus for investors Thursday. "Earnings have come in strong, for sure," said Patrick Schaffer, global investment specialist, J.P. Morgan Private Bank. "The market continues to digest some of the earnings news, and obviously markets don't go up or down in a straight line." The S&P 500 index fell 1.69 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,296.68. The Nasdaq slid 1.16 points, or 0.02 percent, to 5,655.18. The Dow rose 32.40 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,100.91. Small-company stocks did worse than the rest of the market. The Russell 2000 lost 6.84 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,375.60. It's been a record-making week on Wall Street. The S&P 500 index and Nasdaq composite closed at all-time highs on Tuesday and Wednesday. The Dow, which tracks 30 major industrial companies, added its own milestone Wednesday after it breached the 20,000 mark for the first time. The market is getting a boost from strong company earnings and investor optimism that the Trump administration's policies on taxes, regulation and trade will be good for business. On Thursday, the stock indexes wavered between small gains and losses for most of the day as investors sized up the latest company earnings news. Several companies got a boost after they reported results that exceeded Wall Street's expectations, including Sherwin-Williams. The paint and coatings company also said it expects to complete its $11.3 billion purchase of Valspar within 90 days after making a relatively small divestiture. The stock gained $21.58, or 7.6 percent, to $305. Traders welcomed an optimistic 2017 forecast and good bookings from Royal Caribbean Cruises. The cruise operator's stock jumped $7.97, or 9.1 percent, to $95.64. New Commerce Department data indicating sales of new U.S. homes fell 10.4 percent in December didn't weigh on PulteGroup. The homebuilder's quarterly earnings and sales beat financial analysts' estimates, lifting its shares 74 cents, or 3.6 percent, to $21.18. United Rentals led the gainers in the S&P 500. The equipment rentals company announced it would acquire construction company NES Rentals for $965 million. United Rentals vaulted $12.80, or 11.2 percent, to $127.06. A slump in toy sales over the holidays dampened Mattel's latest results. The toymaker was the biggest decliner in the S&P 500, sliding $5.57, or 17.7 percent, to $25.99. Investors also were put off by McKesson's fiscal third-quarter results, which were hurt by weaker-than-expected prices. McKesson lost $12.55, or 8.3 percent, to $138.55. Whirlpool tumbled 8.5 percent after the appliance maker said Britain's impending departure from the European Union hurt its profits. The stock fell $16.26 to $173.94. Beyond the ongoing wave of company earnings reports, investors will be looking Friday to a key gauge of the U.S. economy's health when the Commerce Department delivers its estimate of what the nation's gross domestic product was in the final quarter of 2016. Major stock indexes overseas were mixed Thursday. Germany's DAX rose 0.4 percent, while the CAC-40 in France slipped 0.2 percent. The FTSE 100 index of leading British shares was flat. In Asia, Japan's Nikkei 225 surged 1.8 percent and South Korea's Kospi gained 0.8 percent. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index rose 1.4 percent. Markets in China, Hong Kong, South Korea and other Asian countries are about to begin holidays of varying lengths to mark the lunar new year, curtailing trading across much of the region. Bond prices rose. The 10-year Treasury yield slid to 2.50 percent from 2.52 percent late Wednesday. The dollar increased to 114.42 yen from 113.60 on Wednesday. The euro fell to $1.0692 from $1.0743. Energy prices moved broadly higher. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose $1.03, or 2 percent, to close at $53.78 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.16, or 2.1 percent, to close at $56.24 a barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline rose 2 cents to $1.54 a gallon, while heating oil added 3 cents to $1.64 a gallon. Natural gas futures rose 5 cents, or 1.5 percent, to $3.38 per 1,000 cubic feet. In other commodity trading, the price of gold fell $8, or 0.7 percent, to $1,189.80 an ounce. Silver slid 13 cents to $16.85 an ounce. Copper gave up 4 cents to $2.67 a pound. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska The Central America Bottling Corporation Announces Expiration and Acceptance of Cash Tender Offer News provided by The Central America Bottling Corporation Jan 26, 2017, 09:22 ET Share this article BRITISH VIRGIN ISLANDS, British Overseas Territory, Jan. 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Central America Bottling Corporation ("CBC" or the "Company") today announced that its previously announced cash tender offer (the "Tender Offer") for any and all of its outstanding 6.750% Senior Guaranteed Notes due 2022 (the "Notes") expired yesterday and that today it accepted Notes for purchase for an aggregate principal amount of US$236,597,000, representing 78.87% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes outstanding, excluding Notes tendered through the guaranteed delivery procedures. The Company also announced that the Financing Condition (as defined in the Offer to Purchase dated January 17, 2017 (the "Offer to Purchase")) has been met.  The Company has accepted for payment all Notes validly tendered.  Holders that validly tendered their Notes will receive $1,036.55 for each $1,000 principal amount of Notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest up to, but excluding, January 31, 2017 (the "Settlement Date"). Upon the terms and subject to the conditions specified in the Offer to Purchase, the Company expects to make payment for the Notes, including Notes delivered in accordance with the guaranteed delivery procedures, in same-day funds on the Settlement Date. The Company has delivered a redemption notice for all outstanding Notes pursuant to the terms of the indenture governing the Notes, and all remaining Notes not purchased pursuant to the Tender Offer will be redeemed on February 17, 2017. The Company has retained Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC to serve as the dealer managers for the Tender Offer. Questions regarding the Tender Offer may be directed to Citigroup Global Markets Inc. at Attn: Liability Management Group, (800) 558-3745 (toll-free), (212) 723-6106 (collect), ny.liabilitymanagement@citi.com, and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC at Attn: Latin America Debt Capital Markets, (866) 846-2874 (toll-free), (212) 834-7279 (collect). This press release is for informational purposes only and is not an offer to purchase or a solicitation of an offer to purchase or sell the Notes or any other securities, nor shall there be any purchase of our Notes in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or purchase would be unlawful prior to the registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. The Tender Offer is being made solely pursuant to the Offer to Purchase, the related Letter of Transmittal and the Notice of Guaranteed Delivery, which set forth the complete terms of the Tender Offer. The ISIN and CUSIP for the Notes are as follows: Rule 144A: ISIN No. US15238XAA72; CUSIP No. 15238XAA7 Regulation S: ISIN No. USG20011AA39; CUSIP No. G20011AA3 Forward Looking Statements This press release contains forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to release publicly the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements which may be made to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof, including, without limitation, changes in our business or acquisition strategy or planned capital expenditures, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. About The Central America Bottling Corporation The Central American Bottling Corporation produces, distributes and markets beverage products that include brands owned by PepsiCo and Ambev, and its proprietary brands, including its wellness brand LivSmart. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-central-america-bottling-corporation-announces-expiration-and-acceptance-of-cash-tender-offer-300397367.html SOURCE The Central America Bottling Corporation Jan 17, 2017, 21:57 ET Preview: The Central America Bottling Corporation Commences Tender Offer for Any and All of Its 6.750% Senior Guaranteed Notes Due 2022 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 17, 2017, 21:57 ETThe Central America Bottling Corporation Commences Tender Offer... Explore More news releases in similar topics Beverages Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers You just read: The Central America Bottling Corporation Announces Expiration and Acceptance of Cash Tender Offer News provided by The Central America Bottling Corporation Jan 26, 2017, 09:22 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets BlackRock in trillion dollar cost move Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC23 hours ago Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC23 hours ago                                                                               Putting on the pressure. BlackRock yanked custody services from State Street Corp. on more than $1 trillion in client assets as the asset manager seeks to cut costs by putting pressure on vendors. Bloomberg News reports that the move of assets to JPMorgan Chase & Co. is part of BlackRock’s strategy to exact lower fees, according to a person familiar with the matter. The bank said the deal was one of the largest shifts of custody assets ever. BlackRock, the world’s largest asset manager, found a partner in JPMorgan, which has been growing its custody business and now services about $20.5 trillion in assets. The bank has invested in automation technology that helps it offer services more cheaply, said another person with knowledge of the situation. The bank is expected to make tens of millions of dollars in annual fees from the deal. “Many of BlackRock’s clients will experience cost savings through decreased operating expenses at the fund level,” Derek Stein, senior managing director and head of business operations and technology at BlackRock, said in an e-mailed statement Wednesday. BlackRock has made no secret that it planned to put more pressure on vendors. President Rob Kapito said in a conference call last year that it would seek concessions as it tries to keep a lid on expenses. Hit the link below to access the complete Bloomberg News article: BlackRock’s $1 Trillion JPMorgan Move Shows Cost Strategy RBS to Take $3.8 Billion Charge Tied to U.S. Mortgage Probe And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... Vic Daniels More articles from Vic Daniels @vicdanielsHITC Google+ Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GasLog Partners LP - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Partners LP with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research GasLog Partners LP (GLOP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Zacks Investment Research cut shares of GasLog Partners LP (NYSE:GLOP) from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research report released on Wednesday. According to Zacks, “GasLog Partners LP owns, operates and acquires LNG carriers with multi-year charters. The Company charges customers for the transportation of their LNG using its LNG carriers. GasLog Partners LP is based in Monaco. “ A number of other brokerages have also weighed in on GLOP. Morgan Stanley lowered shares of GasLog Partners from an overweight rating to an equal weight rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on shares of GasLog Partners in a research note on Monday, November 21st. They set a buy rating and a $24.00 target price on the stock. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and six have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of Buy and an average price target of $21.29. Shares of GasLog Partners (NYSE:GLOP) traded up 0.843% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $20.925. 84,201 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. GasLog Partners has a 12-month low of $12.16 and a 12-month high of $22.70. The firm has a 50-day moving average of $20.75 and a 200-day moving average of $20.42. The stock has a market capitalization of $734.38 million, a P/E ratio of 9.833 and a beta of 1.63. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “GasLog Partners LP (GLOP) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold”” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this news story on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of U.S. & international trademark & copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/gaslog-partners-lp-glop-downgraded-by-zacks-investment-research-to-hold.html. A number of hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its position in shares of GasLog Partners by 47.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 297,682 shares of the company’s stock valued at $6,487,000 after buying an additional 95,588 shares during the period. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of GasLog Partners by 8.9% in the third quarter. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. now owns 24,500 shares of the company’s stock valued at $534,000 after buying an additional 2,000 shares during the period. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. boosted its position in shares of GasLog Partners by 50.7% in the third quarter. Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. now owns 1,518,330 shares of the company’s stock valued at $33,084,000 after buying an additional 510,500 shares during the period. Kayne Anderson Capital Advisors LP purchased a new position in shares of GasLog Partners during the third quarter valued at about $51,722,000. Finally, Wells Fargo & Company MN boosted its position in shares of GasLog Partners by 2.7% in the third quarter. Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 55,020 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,199,000 after buying an additional 1,471 shares during the period. 57.42% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. About GasLog Partners GasLog Partners LP is a limited partnership. The Company is focused on owning, operating and acquiring liquefied natural gas (LNG) carriers engaged in LNG transportation under long-term charters. The Company’s fleet consists of approximately eight LNG carriers, including over three vessels with tri-fuel diesel electric (TFDE) propulsion technology and approximately five steam vessels. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on GasLog Partners (GLOP) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for GasLog Partners LP Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GasLog Partners LP and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
GoSearch Replay: Friday Night Football WGNO TV Schedule Search Contact Us WGNO Menu News Morning Twist Music Sports Viewer Pics Events NOLA Marketplace About Weather 52° 52° Low 40° High 55° Sun 45° 61° Mon 47° 62° Tue 52° 71° See complete forecast Severe weather alert DOW 20,000 marks an incredible run for the markets Posted 10:00 AM, January 26, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print × DOW 20,000 marks an incredible run for the markets New Orleans (CNN) – Dow 20,000 is finally here. After weeks of close calls, the Dow made history on Wednesday by blowing past that key level for the first time ever. The Dow climbed 156 points to 20,069 and was joined in record territory by the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. The historic milestone leaves the Dow up more than 1,700 points since President Donald Trump’s victory in November. The achievement is evidence of how optimistic investors have become about the prospects for the U.S. economy. “The stock market has given him this extraordinary vote of approval. Happy days are here again,” said Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research. Wall Street is clearly betting that Trump’s plans to slash taxes, ramp up infrastructure spending and cut regulation will make the American economy grow faster. If that happens, without any disruptions to global trade, it could propel corporate profits, the lifeblood of stock prices. But the jump in stocks is also a reflection of the solid economy Trump inherited from former President Obama. The U.S. has added jobs for a record 75 straight months and the unemployment rate is sitting near a 10-year low. The Dow 20,000 milestone also shows how much has changed in the U.S. economy over the past eight years. The index crashed to a low of 6,440 in March 2009 as Wall Street feared a complete collapse of the American financial system. The astounding 13,500-point rise since then has been fueled by a consistent, albeit imperfect, economic recovery combined with the U.S. central bank’s massive stimulus program and near-0% interest rates. While the economic rebound from the Great Recession has been slower than many hoped, the unemployment rate is now at the lowest level since 2007 and corporate profits have climbed to record highs. “The economy has come a long way in eight years. Overall, it’s a healthier economy and does justify a much higher stock market than eight years ago,” said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds. Few expected the Dow to rise so much, especially after a Trump victory. In fact, many feared a market crash if Trump upset Hillary Clinton. Instead, Wall Street embarked on a very impressive post-election rally that carried the Dow above both the 19,000 and 20,000 levels. CNNMoney’s Fear & Greed Index is flashing “greed,” a vast improvement from “extreme fear” mere days before the election. The VIX, a gauge of volatility in the markets, has dropped to the lowest level since July 2014. But the Trump rally cooled off in recent months and Wall Street hit a bit of a psychological roadblock leading up to the 20,000 level. On January 6, the Dow got incredibly close, rising to 19,999.63 before backing off. Traders on Wall Street had fun with it, with some creating hats that said: “Dow Almost 20,000.” One reason for the pause: investors want more details on the timing and effectiveness of the stimulus plans rolled out by the new administration. “We’ve scaled this peak. We’re going to enjoy this view for a while and hit the pause button,” said Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. Bank stocks have been among the biggest winners during the post-election party on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley have soared more than 20%, while Goldman Sachs is up nearly 30%, as investors bet on higher interest rates and less regulation under Trump. But JPMorgan’s Kelly worries that “markets seem to be pricing in the positives, and not worrying too much about the negatives” such as a potential trade war or fiscal stimulus that overheats the economy. Quinlan agrees that trade remains a serious risk given Trump’s anti-trade rhetoric during the campaign. Already, Trump has scrapped the TPP trade deal and plans to swiftly start renegotiating NAFTA. “We need open borders, open trade and open flow of capital. If we start going down this deglobalization road, this market is going to lose its euphoric underpins pretty quickly,” Quinlan said. Yardeni said the jury is still out on whether the enthusiasm on Wall Street is overdone. “Is the market irrationally exuberant or will Trump prevail in a way that’s bullish for the economy?” he asked. “The bottom line on Trump is: love him or hate him, you don’t want to bet against him.” Filed in: Business Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Print Your Favorite Live Music Venue Where do you go for good live music? Popular ‘Can you hear me?’ Scam has police warning people to hang up immediately Coast Guard uses helicopter to evacuate man from Carnival cruise ship in Gulf of Mexico Local singer Travis Thibodaux prepares for world tour with Journey 43-year old Saintsation makes NFL Pro Bowl cheerleading squad Latest News Millions in federal money will reduce flood risk in St. Tammany Parish Pelicans defeat the Spurs Meet Gerber’s new spokesbaby, 7-month-old Riley Shines Disturbing video shows student stabbing classmate in head with pen during brawl Business National/World News News Boom: Dow hits 20,000 for first time ever Business What does the election mean for Wall Street? Business Feared market crash doesn’t happen Business National/World News News Politics 54% of Americans aren’t benefiting from Dow 20,000 National/World News News News with a Twist Politics Mexican peso plummets as Trump closes in on U.S. election win Business National/World News News Sears sells Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Business National/World News News Politics Uncertainty over Trump pushes tech stocks into the red Business Interest rates are going up National/World News News Politics Viral Old letter goes viral after Trump refuses to say he’d concede if he loses election National/World News News Politics Obama approval rating hits 60% as end of term approaches National/World News News Politics Protest movements surge ahead of Trump’s Inauguration National/World News News Politics How Donald Trump Has Already Shifted Pop Culture National/World News Politics China lodges complaint over Trump-Taiwan call Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 1 Galleria Blvd., Suite 850 Metairie, LA 70001 • Copyright © 2017, WGNO • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe J&J Locks in Actelion Price in Dollars, Avoiding Franc Swings by Phil Serafino @PhilSerafino More stories by Phil Serafino , Albertina Torsoli @atorsoli More stories by Albertina Torsoli , and Stefania Spezzati @stespezzati More stories by Stefania Spezzati January 26, 2017, 10:29 AM EST Move follows ChemChina’s use of U.S. currency in Syngenta deal Actelion’s shareholder base also tilts toward U.S. investors Why J&J Is Buying Actelion for $30 Billion Johnson & Johnson is taking no chance of a nasty surprise from the currency market on its $30 billion acquisition of Actelion Ltd. J&J’s agreement to buy Allschwil, Switzerland-based Actelion specifies that the $280-a-share price will be paid in U.S. dollars -- even though Actelion is listed on the Swiss stock market and its shares are priced in Swiss francs. The decision means an unexpected surge in the franc against the greenback won’t drive up the purchase price, though J&J also won’t benefit from a weaker exchange rate between now and when the deal closes. Bankers and executives have fresh memories of January 2015, when the Swiss National Bank shocked financial markets by abandoning the franc’s cap against the euro, sending the nation’s currency soaring. China National Chemical Corp. also priced its pending $43 billion acquisition of Swiss agrochemical company Syngenta AG in dollars. “It’s a prudent thing to do when you want to lock in the price of a transaction,” Leopoldo Zambeletti, a former head of health-care banking at JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Credit Suisse Group AG and now an independent adviser, said by phone. “This way you limit the effect of the currency-exchange fluctuation.” Paying in dollars is “consistent with what we’ve done in previous transactions,” Joaquin Duato, J&J’s head of pharmaceuticals, said at a news conference. Andre Muller, Actelion’s chief financial officer, noted that dollars are J&J’s operating currency. Shareholder Choice A shareholder in Basel-based Syngenta asked Chairman Michel Demare in April why the offer was in dollars. Demare said the market is too small to absorb such a big inflow without considerable effects on the value of the franc. Also, most of Syngenta’s large investors invest in dollars, he said. However, the smallest shareholders are often given a choice. Investors who hold as many as 500 Syngenta shares at a Swiss bank will be able to receive payment in francs. Similarly, Actelion will set up a program for its Swiss investors who own no more than 1,000 shares so that they can be paid in the local currency. For both Actelion and Syngenta, the biggest percentage of their shareholders hail from the U.S., according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Currency Impact If J&J paid in francs for even part of the acquisition, it could swing the currency, according to market analysts.  “Even one part of the operation would lead to a strong rise of the Swiss currency, so to make sure to have a stable level, they are locking the USD/CHF,” Nordine Naam, a Paris-based strategist at Natixis SA, said in an e-mail. The franc is often seen as a safe haven in times of political turmoil. Elections in France and Germany this year, unpredictable policies of U.S. President Donald Trump and the U.K.’s plan to quit the European Union may increase volatility before the Actelion purchase closes. J&J says it aims to complete the transaction by June 30. The currency is expected to depreciate to 1.04 francs to the dollar in the second quarter, according to the median forecast in a survey compiled by Bloomberg. Still, the most bullish forecast sees the Swiss franc appreciating to 0.97 against the dollar, while the most bearish sees the currency dropping to 1.11 at the end of June. The currency was trading at about 0.99 to the dollar on Thursday. After the Actelion deal was announced, the franc rose as much as 0.25 percent against the dollar and as much as 0.7 percent versus the euro, the highest since June 24. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Fitch: US Banks' 4Q Strong Capital Markets Results Led by FICC Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Financials | Thu Jan 26, 2017 | 9:36am EST Fitch: US Banks' 4Q Strong Capital Markets Results Led by FICC (The following statement was released by the rating agency) Link to Fitch Ratings' Report: U.S. Capital Markets Quarterly here CHICAGO, January 26 (Fitch) Increased trading activity following the US election helped to drive US trading banks' capital markets net revenues to their best fourth-quarter level in five years, says Fitch Ratings. Fixed income currency and commodities (FICC) continued to be the key driver of overall capital markets results, offsetting a typical seasonal slowdown at the end of the year. That said, whether strong fourth-quarter earnings will translate into sustained improvement in capital markets activity across product sectors in 2017 remains to be seen. Capital markets net revenues at the five U.S. Global Trading and Universal Banks - Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley - were up 20% on a year-over-year (yoy) basis in the fourth quarter, totaling an aggregate $24.9 billion. FICC, by far the largest contributor, reported a 48% year-over-year increase, marking a particularly strong fourth quarter when compared against a weak 4Q15. Net revenues were down on a sequential quarter basis, although less so than is typical in the fourth quarter. Client re-engagement and market positioning, particularly in credit and rates and driven by post-election market activity, helped to account for the strong FICC results. Investment banking had comparatively mixed results, with equity underwriting down while debt underwriting was up yoy. Advisory was down yoy but was boosted on a sequential quarter basis by many large deals closing. Management guidance for forthcoming investment banking revenues is optimistic, although Fitch notes that the correlation between guidance and revenues tends to be weak; market volatility is often a better predictor of revenues in this segment. Should the VIX Volatility Index dip lower, indicating lower downside volatility and increased executive management confidence, it could be positive for investment banking revenues. Despite the higher market and client activity, value-at-risk remains near historical lows due to lower inventory positions. Trading results can be episodic and heavily driven by macro or other events. With FICC and equity trading continuing to be the major drivers of capital markets revenues, projecting the extent to which the aggregate capital markets trends seen in 4Q16 will carry into 2017 is difficult. Notably, Fitch believes that structural changes to FICC markets resulting from regulatory changes and reduced inventory may be a factor that could affect revenues and weigh on a sustained cyclical upswing in the segment. Contact: Justin Fuller Senior Director, Financial Institutions +1 312 368-2057 Fitch Ratings 70 West Madison Street Chicago, IL Michael Dodge Associate Director, Financial Institutions +1 212 908-0379 Justin Patrie Fitch Wire +1 646 582-4964 Media Relations: Hannah James, New York, Tel: + 1 646 582 4947, Email: hannah.james@fitchratings.com. The above article originally appeared as a post on the Fitch Wire credit market commentary page. The original article can be accessed at www.fitchratings.com. All opinions expressed are those of Fitch Ratings. ALL FITCH CREDIT RATINGS ARE SUBJECT TO CERTAIN LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS. PLEASE READ THESE LIMITATIONS AND DISCLAIMERS BY FOLLOWING THIS LINK: here. IN ADDITION, RATING DEFINITIONS AND THE TERMS OF USE OF SUCH RATINGS ARE AVAILABLE ON THE AGENCY'S PUBLIC WEB SITE AT WWW.FITCHRATINGS.COM. PUBLISHED RATINGS, CRITERIA, AND METHODOLOGIES ARE AVAILABLE FROM THIS SITE AT ALL TIMES. FITCH'S CODE OF CONDUCT, CONFIDENTIALITY, CONFLICTS OF INTEREST, AFFILIATE FIREWALL, COMPLIANCE, AND OTHER RELEVANT POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ARE ALSO AVAILABLE FROM THE CODE OF CONDUCT SECTION OF THIS SITE. FITCH MAY HAVE PROVIDED ANOTHER PERMISSIBLE SERVICE TO THE RATED ENTITY OR ITS RELATED THIRD PARTIES. DETAILS OF THIS SERVICE FOR RATINGS FOR WHICH THE LEAD ANALYST IS BASED IN AN EU-REGISTERED ENTITY CAN BE FOUND ON THE ENTITY SUMMARY PAGE FOR THIS ISSUER ON THE FITCH WEBSITE. Copyright © 2017 by Fitch Ratings, Inc., Fitch Ratings Ltd. and its subsidiaries. 33 Whitehall Street, NY, NY 10004. Telephone: 1-800-753-4824, (212) 908-0500. Fax: (212) 480-4435. Reproduction or retransmission in whole or in part is prohibited except by permission. All rights reserved. In issuing and maintaining its ratings and in making other reports (including forecast information), Fitch relies on factual information it receives from issuers and underwriters and from other sources Fitch believes to be credible. Fitch conducts a reasonable investigation of the factual information relied upon by it in accordance with its ratings methodology, and obtains reasonable verification of that information from independent sources, to the extent such sources are available for a given security or in a given jurisdiction. The manner of Fitch's factual investigation and the scope of the third-party verification it obtains will vary depending on the nature of the rated security and its issuer, the requirements and practices in the jurisdiction in which the rated security is offered and sold and/or the issuer is located, the availability and nature of relevant public information, access to the management of the issuer and its advisers, the availability of pre-existing third-party verifications such as audit reports, agreed-upon procedures letters, appraisals, actuarial reports, engineering reports, legal opinions and other reports provided by third parties, the availability of independent and competent third- party verification sources with respect to the particular security or in the particular jurisdiction of the issuer, and a variety of other factors. Users of Fitch's ratings and reports should understand that neither an enhanced factual investigation nor any third-party verification can ensure that all of the information Fitch relies on in connection with a rating or a report will be accurate and complete. Ultimately, the issuer and its advisers are responsible for the accuracy of the information they provide to Fitch and to the market in offering documents and other reports. In issuing its ratings and its reports, Fitch must rely on the work of experts, including independent auditors with respect to financial statements and attorneys with respect to legal and tax matters. Further, ratings and forecasts of financial and other information are inherently forward-looking and embody assumptions and predictions about future events that by their nature cannot be verified as facts. As a result, despite any verification of current facts, ratings and forecasts can be affected by future events or conditions that were not anticipated at the time a rating or forecast was issued or affirmed. The information in this report is provided "as is" without any representation or warranty of any kind, and Fitch does not represent or warrant that the report or any of its contents will meet any of the requirements of a recipient of the report. A Fitch rating is an opinion as to the creditworthiness of a security. This opinion and reports made by Fitch are based on established criteria and methodologies that Fitch is continuously evaluating and updating. Therefore, ratings and reports are the collective work product of Fitch and no individual, or group of individuals, is solely responsible for a rating or a report. The rating does not address the risk of loss due to risks other than credit risk, unless such risk is specifically mentioned. Fitch is not engaged in the offer or sale of any security. All Fitch reports have shared authorship. Individuals identified in a Fitch report were involved in, but are not solely responsible for, the opinions stated therein. The individuals are named for contact purposes only. A report providing a Fitch rating is neither a prospectus nor a substitute for the information assembled, verified and presented to investors by the issuer and its agents in connection with the sale of the securities. Ratings may be changed or withdrawn at any time for any reason in the sole discretion of Fitch. Fitch does not provide investment advice of any sort. Ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security. Ratings do not comment on the adequacy of market price, the suitability of any security for a particular investor, or the tax-exempt nature or taxability of payments made in respect to any security. Fitch receives fees from issuers, insurers, guarantors, other obligors, and underwriters for rating securities. Such fees generally vary from US$1,000 to US$750,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent) per issue. In certain cases, Fitch will rate all or a number of issues issued by a particular issuer, or insured or guaranteed by a particular insurer or guarantor, for a single annual fee. Such fees are expected to vary from US$10,000 to US$1,500,000 (or the applicable currency equivalent). The assignment, publication, or dissemination of a rating by Fitch shall not constitute a consent by Fitch to use its name as an expert in connection with any registration statement filed under the United States securities laws, the Financial Services and Markets Act of 2000 of the United Kingdom, or the securities laws of any particular jurisdiction. Due to the relative efficiency of electronic publishing and distribution, Fitch research may be available to electronic subscribers up to three days earlier than to print subscribers. For Australia, New Zealand, Taiwan and South Korea only: Fitch Australia Pty Ltd holds an Australian financial services license (AFS license no. 337123) which authorizes it to provide credit ratings to wholesale clients only. Credit ratings information published by Fitch is not intended to be used by persons who are retail clients within the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 Next In Financials BRIEF-Stonegate Bank reports Q4 earnings per share $0.62 * Stonegate bank announces fourth quarter 2016 operating results UPDATE 1-Peng Zhao replaces Kevin Turner atop Citadel Securities NEW YORK, Jan 27 Kevin Turner has departed Ken Griffin's Citadel LLC less than a year after he joined as chief executive officer of the firm's market-making division, a spokesman said on Friday. UPDATE 1-U.S. brings charges over Ponzi scheme, 'Hamilton' tickets fraud NEW YORK, Jan 27 U.S. authorities on Friday unveiled criminal charges against two men accused of helping operate a hedge fund as a Ponzi scheme and of swindling investors in a ticket-reselling business for popular events, including the smash Broadway musical "Hamilton." MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT GOOGL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > The Dow Jones Industrial Average Busts Through 20,000, Looks Ahead The 20,000 level is holding the Dow Jones Industrial Average back no longer By Sam Collins, InvestorPlace Chief Technical Analyst  |  Jan 26, 2017, 8:10 am EST     Popular Posts: Trade of the Day: Cliffs Natural Resources Inc (CLF) Stock Is a Solid Investment Trade of the Day: Activision Blizzard, Inc. (ATVI) Stock Looks to Rack Up Gains Trade of the Day: Oracle Corporation (ORCL) Stock on Cloud 9 Recent Posts: Dow Jones Industrial Average Continues the Climb Trade of the Day: Home Depot Inc (HD) Stock Building Up to More Gains Trade of the Day: Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Is on the Road to more Gains View All Posts On Wednesday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average finished above 20,000 for the first time. The barrier had been a psychological line of resistance since the post-election rally began. And it took just 42 days to make the climb of 1,000 points. It was the second fastest 1,000 points in history. According to The Wall Street Journal, the climb was second only to the Dow’s 1,000-point 24-day climb in the 1999’s dot-com boom. Both the Dow industrials and the S&P 500 rose 0.8%, and the Nasdaq gained 1%. All three major indices closed at record highs buoyed by expectations of pro-business policies under President Donald Trump. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) led the Dow 30, climbing 4.2% after it beat fourth-quarter earnings expectations. Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) rose 2% and JP Morgan Chase & Co (NYSE:JPM) and Goldman Sachs Group Inc (NYSE:GS) gained 1.6% and 1.5% respectively. “Risk-On” strategies drove bonds lower, sending the 10-year Treasury’s yield to 2.5% from 2.4% on Tuesday. Gold fell 1.2% to $1,195.90 per ounce. Crude Oil (WTI) fell 0.8% to $52.75 per barrel. At the close, the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 156 points to a new closing high at 20,069, the S&P 500 gained 18, closing at 2,298, the Nasdaq rose to 5,656 for a gain of 55 points and the Russell 2000 closed at 1,382, gaining 13 points. The NYSE’s primary exchange traded 880 million shares with total volume of 3.8 billion shares. The Nasdaq crossed 1.9 billion shares. On the Big Board, advancers outpaced decliners by 1.8-to-1, and on the Nasdaq, advancers led by 2.4-to-1. On the NYSE Blocks fell to 6,263 from 6,771 on Tuesday. Click to Enlarge There are many new projections for the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Most aim at a further advance to the 20,220 area. The S&P 500, however, is not so visible. Assuming that the 500’s recent breakout was pushed by a “continuation gap,” my minimum target for it is 2,322 (close), or 2,370 (intraday). Conclusion: With a trailing 12-month P/E ratio for the S&P 500 at over 24X and a forward 12-month P/E at over 17X, the consideration of new positions should be closely examined. Only those undervalued stocks, like our Trade of the Day, should be considered for trades. Recent run-ups that collect public attraction should be avoided since whipsaws from current levels could occur at any time. Another warning: The recent AAII bullish percent has risen to 44.7%, Neutral is at just 23% “the bottom of its typical range.” Today’s Trading Landscape To see a list of the companies reporting earnings today, click here. For a list of this week’s economic reports due out, click here. Tell us what you think about this article! Drop us an email at editor@investorplace.com, chat with us on Twitter at @InvestorPlace or comment on the post on Facebook. Read more about our comments policy here. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/01/dow-jones-industrial-average-eyes/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need to Ditch Now 3 'Golden' Ammo Stocks for Big Returns 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Apple's iPhone Takes a Hit From … Netflix? ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Stocks to Buy That Already Make America Great 7 Awful Stocks You Need To Ditch Right Away 3 Retail Stocks That Are Getting Smashed Right Now 3 Healthcare Stocks to Buy Despite Trump’s Bluster 3 “Golden” Ammo Stocks to Buy for Big 2017 Returns Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Could Double by 2018 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Sell in February 10 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are SOMEHOW Still Bargains 3 Dividend Aristocrats to Buy for Income and Growth The 3 Best Sector ETFs to Buy for a Profitable 2017 The 3 Best ETFs to Put In Your IRA for Long-Term Growth Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will the 'Trump' Stock Market Rally Continue Through 2017? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Cross Country Healthcare Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (CCRN) Coverage Initiated at Benchmark Co. January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Benchmark Co. assumed coverage on shares of Cross Country Healthcare, Inc. (NASDAQ:CCRN) in a report published on Friday morning. The firm issued a buy rating and a $19.00 target price on the stock. A number of other research firms have also weighed in on CCRN. Zacks Investment Research lowered Cross Country Healthcare from a buy rating to a hold rating in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. BMO Capital Markets reissued a buy rating and set a $17.00 price objective on shares of Cross Country Healthcare in a research note on Monday, January 9th. TheStreet raised Cross Country Healthcare from a hold rating to a buy rating in a research note on Thursday, November 3rd. Finally, Cantor Fitzgerald set a $17.00 price objective on Cross Country Healthcare and gave the stock a buy rating in a research note on Wednesday, November 2nd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, four have given a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company. Cross Country Healthcare has a consensus rating of Buy and an average target price of $17.10. Cross Country Healthcare (NASDAQ:CCRN) opened at 14.42 on Friday. Cross Country Healthcare has a 52 week low of $9.72 and a 52 week high of $16.00. The stock’s market cap is $476.00 million. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $14.99 and its 200 day moving average price is $13.54. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: This article was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/cross-country-healthcare-inc-ccrn-coverage-initiated-at-benchmark-co.html. In other news, insider Vickie Anenberg sold 4,800 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $15.04, for a total value of $72,192.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 190,717 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,868,383.68. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Corporate insiders own 4.20% of the company’s stock. Several institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. JPMorgan Chase & Co. raised its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 2.0% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 2,751,066 shares of the company’s stock valued at $32,407,000 after buying an additional 53,740 shares during the period. Falcon Point Capital LLC raised its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 18.3% in the second quarter. Falcon Point Capital LLC now owns 87,915 shares of the company’s stock valued at $1,224,000 after buying an additional 13,630 shares during the period. Bank of Montreal Can acquired a new position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare during the second quarter valued at approximately $5,777,000. Swiss National Bank raised its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 5.9% in the second quarter. Swiss National Bank now owns 61,000 shares of the company’s stock valued at $849,000 after buying an additional 3,400 shares during the period. Finally, Principal Financial Group Inc. raised its position in shares of Cross Country Healthcare by 3.4% in the second quarter. Principal Financial Group Inc. now owns 230,569 shares of the company’s stock valued at $3,210,000 after buying an additional 7,485 shares during the period. 98.34% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Cross Country Healthcare Cross Country Healthcare, Inc (CCRN) is engaged in providing healthcare recruiting, staffing and workforce solutions. The Company operates in three segments: Nurse and Allied Staffing, Physician Staffing and Other Human Capital Management Services. Its nurse and allied staffing segment is engaged in providing traditional staffing, including temporary and permanent placement of travel nurses and allied professionals, and branch-based local nurses and allied staffing through its Cross Country Staffing brand, MSN, AHG, Mediscan and DirectEd brands. Receive News & Ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Cross Country Healthcare Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Conduent - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conduent with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Banco Bradesco SA (bbdo) To Go Ex-Dividend on February 2nd Research Analysts Issue Forecasts for Halliburton Company’s Q1 2017 Earnings (HAL) Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) CEO Michael Rapino Sells 140,000 Shares Webster Financial Corporation (WBS) Director C Michael Jacobi Sells 41,910 Shares On Assignment, Inc. (ASGN) Insider Jeffrey E. Veatch Sells 50,000 Shares W Capital Partners Iii, L.P. Sells 91,200 Shares of MINDBODY, Inc. (MB) Stock Elementis plc (ELM) Receives GBX 259.88 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Q1 2017 EPS Estimates for Rollins, Inc. Raised by Analyst (ROL) Analysts Set Taylor Morrison Home Corporation (TMHC) PT at $19.50 Brokerages Set Glencore PLC (GLEN) Target Price at $263.08 Cerner Corporation (CERN) Short Interest Down 9.7% in January Yahoo! Inc. (YHOO) to Post Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.10 Per Share, B. Riley Forecasts P & F Industries, Inc. (PFIN) Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.05 XO Group, Inc. (XOXO) Receives $21.75 Average Target Price from Analysts Analysts Set United Continental Holdings, Inc. (UAL) Price Target at $69.44 Q4 2016 Earnings Forecast for Ameren Corporation Issued By KeyCorp (AEE) Vmware, Inc. (VMW) Shares Gap Up on Earnings Beat Traders Sell Ford Motor Company (F) on Strength After Earnings Miss Geron Corporation (GERN) Short Interest Down 4.2% in January Nintendo Co., Ltd (NTDOY) Upgraded at Zacks Investment Research Conduent (CNDT) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc. January 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Analysts at Citigroup Inc. started coverage on shares of Conduent (NASDAQ:CNDT) in a report issued on Thursday. The firm set a “buy” rating on the stock. A number of other analysts have also recently issued reports on CNDT. Morgan Stanley assumed coverage on Conduent in a research note on Thursday, January 12th. They set an “equal weight” rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. BMO Capital Markets assumed coverage on Conduent in a research note on Friday, January 6th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $14.00 target price for the company. Cross Research assumed coverage on Conduent in a research note on Thursday, January 5th. They set a “hold” rating for the company. SunTrust Banks, Inc. assumed coverage on Conduent in a research note on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $16.00 target price for the company. Finally, J P Morgan Chase & Co assumed coverage on Conduent in a research note on Tuesday, January 3rd. They set a “neutral” rating and a $15.00 target price for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and two have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $15.25. Conduent (NASDAQ:CNDT) opened at 14.82 on Thursday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $14.48 and a 200-day moving average of $14.48. Conduent has a 52-week low of $13.10 and a 52-week high of $16.26. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “Conduent (CNDT) Earns Buy Rating from Analysts at Citigroup Inc.” was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/26/conduent-cndt-earns-buy-rating-from-analysts-at-citigroup-inc.html. Receive News & Ratings for Conduent Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Conduent and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Samstag, 28. Januar | 09:37 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 12:00 | 26.01.2017 Detroit Workforce System Leadership Development Academy Inaugural Class Announced JPMorgan Chase & Co., in partnership with Corporation for a Skilled Workforce (CSW) and The Aspen Institute, today announced the selection of twenty-two participants for the first ever Detroit Workforce System Leadership Development Academy (Academy). The Academy will leverage and build on the expertise of leaders across the workforce ecosystem through an intensive twelve month learning program, led by local Detroit leaders and guest faculty from across the nation, providing the group with an opportunity to collaborate on developing practical solutions to solve some of the city’s most challenging workforce issues. As part of JPMorgan Chase’s $100 million commitment to the city’s economic recovery, the company awarded $200,000 to CSW to allow the Academy to leverage and build on the expertise of leaders across the workforce community to help these workforce leaders to better engage employers, understand industry workforce needs, develop successful career pathway strategies and strengthen connections between training providers, job seekers and employers. “As a result of this program, this exciting group of local leaders will be able to come up with innovative and practical solutions that connect Detroiters to open jobs in a way they’ve never done before. The Academy will help advance the city’s focus on creating high-quality jobs and reducing the skills mismatch between local employers and job hunters,” said Chauncy Lennon, Head of Workforce Initiatives, JPMorgan Chase. The program includes an opening retreat in late January, five full day working sessions from March to September, a second retreat in November, and a closing capstone presentation event in December. The Academy is anchored in a world-class sector skills development model, grounded in practical application of innovative practices, and backed by an executive-level Detroit-based council of leaders. It is one in a number of strategies aimed at preparing the City’s next cohort of workforce system leaders to help offer solutions to some of Detroit’s most intractable workforce issues. “Effective workforce development strategies are developed within a particular local context and take account of a variety of factors including the specifics of their local labor market, the assets and needs of the people whose careers they seek to advance, and the resources and capacities of the local institutions with which they partner,” said Sheila Maguire, Senior Fellow with Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program. “Skilled local leaders, who can work within their organization and in partnerships with other stakeholders, are essential for success.” The academy participants will join leaders in a growing network of fellows from academies in Baltimore, Seattle, and Toronto, Canada. The following 22 individuals comprise Detroit’s 2017 cohort: Kristen Barnes-Holiday, Director of Program Outcomes for Reading Works Detroit Sister Janice Brown, Executive Director for Dominican Literacy Center Jacqueline Burau, Senior Program Officer for Detroit Local Initiative Support Corporation Devon Buskin, Director of Workforce Development for The Greening of Detroit Emily Dieppa, Executive Director for CarePath Career Center Brittany Foley, Program Manager for Michigan Community Services Shawna Forbes, Vice Chancellor, School of Continuing Education and Workforce Development for Wayne County Community College District Mary Freeman, Director, Workforce Development for Southwest Solutions Naheed Huq, Manager of Talent and Economic Development for Southeast Michigan Council of Governments Marcus Jones, Director for the Detroit Training Center Tammie Jones, VP, College and Career Pathways, and CEO for Linked Learning, UW-SEM Ann Leen, Assistant Vice President of Youth Services for SER Metro Ricardo Marble, Director of Youth Services for the city of Detroit Teresa McFadden, Director of Operations-Detroit for Vehicles for Change Chioke Mose-Telesford, Deputy Director of Workforce Development Office for the city of Detroit Stephanie Nixon, Director of Program and Service Innovation for Detroit Employment Solutions Corporation Hachem Ossarian, Operations Manager for ACCESS Veronica Sanchez Peavy, Sr. Assistant Vice President (Adult Programs) and Regional Director for SER Metro Sarah Sebaly, Senior Program Manager, Workforce Intelligence Network/Southeast Michigan Community Alliance Robert Shimkoski, Director, Policy Planning & Resource Development for the Detroit Employment Solutions Corporation Edward Steinberger, Director- Detroit Career Center for Goodwill Industries Rashida Thomas, Director, Workforce Development & Education for Focus:HOPE “This cohort of 22 leaders represents a direct investment in the bedrock of the Detroit workforce system that will influence organizations key to the city’s growth and pay dividends for years to come,” said Jeannine La Prad, President and CEO, CSW. Academy project leaders from CSW and Aspen Institute sought potential Academy Fellows in mid-to-senior level management positions with authority to implement organizational and program changes and who are high-performing, high-potential candidates for more senior roles within their own organizations or elsewhere in the system. Applications were solicited from candidates working in diverse organizations, including public workforce, economic development, health and human service agencies, nonprofit job training and work-readiness providers, community colleges or universities, community-based and faith-based organizations, business associations, unions, and other relevant agencies. Selections were made based on comprehensive application submissions from the candidates, with input and feedback from the Academy advisory council members. Corporation for a Skilled Workforce(CSW) is a national non-profit organization that partners with philanthropy, government, business, and community leaders to connect workers with good jobs, increase the competitiveness of companies, and build sustainable communities. For over 25 years, CSW has been an effective catalyst for change, identifying opportunities for innovation in work and learning and supporting transformative change in policy and practice. CSW has worked with dozens of workforce investment boards, state and local workforce agencies, community-based organizations, and community colleges to create lasting impact through their collaborative action. For nearly a decade, CSW has been a partner in Detroit’s workforce system. From research and strategic planning and counsel to implementation support, CSW has been partnered with the Mayor’s Workforce Development Board, Mayor’s Office of Workforce Development, Detroit Employment Solutions Corp. (DESC), local philanthropic investors, the Detroit Regional Workforce Fund, and community-based organizations in support of the Mayor’s vision to prepare and connect thousands more Detroiters to jobs and career pathways. More information about CSW is available at www.skilledwork.org. The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Economic Opportunities Program (EOP) advances promising strategies, policies, and ideas to help low- and moderate-income Americans connect to and thrive in a changing economy. Over its 25 years of work, EOP has focused on expanding individuals’ opportunities to connect to quality work, to start businesses, and to build assets and economic stability. For more information, visit www.aspeninstitute.org/eop. JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) is a leading global financial services firm with assets of $2.5 trillion and operations worldwide. The Firm is a leader in investment banking, financial services for consumers and small businesses, commercial banking, financial transaction processing, and asset management. A component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, JPMorgan Chase & Co. serves millions of consumers in the United States and many of the world’s most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under its J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Information about JPMorgan Chase & Co. is available at www.jpmorganchase.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170126005084/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 22:50 Uhr | 27.01.2017 WDH/RATING: Fitch stuft Türkei ... 22:46 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Fitch stuft Türkei auf ... 22:31 Uhr | 27.01.2017 AKTIE IM FOKUS 2: Alphabet nach ... 22:30 Uhr | 27.01.2017 ROUNDUP/Aktien New York Schluss: ... 22:19 Uhr | 27.01.2017 Aktien New York Schluss: ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Marijuana News Roundup: Biggest US Banks Are in the Cannabis Business By Paul Ausick January 22, 2017 9:10 am EST Print Email Tweet One of the biggest issues facing cannabis businesses in states with legalized marijuana is their inability to find a bank willing to handle their money. Because marijuana remains illegal under federal law, many banks have refused to open accounts for businesses in the cannabis industry. At least that’s what the banks say. What they do, however, may be altogether different. The country’s four biggest banks — Bank of America Corp. (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup Inc. (NYSE: C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM), and Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) — all declared in 2015 that they did not provided banking services to marijuana related businesses. According to study conducted on behalf of “American Banker,” out of 84 applicants to operate medical marijuana dispensaries in Massachusetts filed between June 2015 and September 2016, 29 of the businesses claimed they had accounts at one of the four big banks or one of the banks’ subsidiaries. Of that total, 17 had a connection to BofA. The accepted wisdom is that big banks do not do business with cannabis businesses, but at least in a relatively small number of cases that appears not to be the case. What will happen under a Trump administration remains to be seen, but Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions has been clear that he will enforce federal law. For more details on the banking study, see the American Banker website. People in the US and Canada Spent Over $53 Billion on Marijuana in 2016 People in North America spent $53.3 billion on legal, medical, and illicit marijuana in 2016. That’s more cash than Americans blow in a year at McDonald’s and Starbucks combined. According to a new report from Arcview Market Research, a leading publisher of marijuana market research, the black market is losing ground to its legal counterpart as consumers spend more money each year on legal cannabis. Progress is slow, however. The North American legal weed market posted $6.7 billion in revenue in 2016, up 30% from the year before. The illicit market generated 87% of total pot sales, down from 90% in 2015. The numbers suggest the legal marijuana industry is growing quickly, but it has a ways to go before it topples the black market, which has the lion’s share of revenue. Read more at Business Insider. Pages: 1/2 « World’s 10 Top Producing Gold Mines Trump Friend, Peter Thiel, Involved In Mexican Wireless Lawsuit » Read more: Consumer Products, entertainment, healthcare, Politics, Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup Inc (NYSE:C), JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE:JPM), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular American Cities Adding the Most Jobs This Year The Worst CEOs of 2016 America's 25 Most Affordable Housing Markets States With the Best (and Worst) Schools America's Best States to Live In Recent Rite Aid, J.C. Penney Crash into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Chevron, Wal-Mart Sink DJIA on Friday Why Analysts Are Still Chasing Caterpillar Is Southwest Airlines Really Boeing’s Launch Customer for the 737 MAX? Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Johnson & Johnson May Never Recoup Its Costs to Buy Actelion Nasdaq Composite advances 0.1% S&P 500 retreats 0.1% Dow slides 0.1% The Zacks Friday Finish Line Highlights: Can Facebook Continue Its Insane Growth? Why MasterCard (MA) May Beat on Earnings in Q4? Earnings Growth Returns, Will it Continue? U.S. economy slows on wider trade gap; business spending rises Wall Street slips after soft GDP data, earnings Buffett, Gates have hope for America after Trump ascension House to take first crack at repealing Obama-era regulations Why Shares of Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. Sank in 2016 Gentex Reflects on a Light Quarter Wells Fargo Complaints Vanish From Labor Department Website Mark Zuckerberg Listens To Native Hawaiian Concerns, Drops Lawsuits The China-Taiwan Dispute Is Fast Becoming A Divisive Issue In South Africa Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 We asked pharma executives the one question they didn't want to hear about drug pricing Lydia Ramsey Jan. 23, 2017, 11:46 AM 3,580 facebook linkedin twitter email print Skye Gould/Business Insider It's shaping up to be another rough year for the drug industry. At his first press conference since being elected, on Jan. 11, President Donald Trump said drug companies are "getting away with murder," and suggested that the US government needs to negotiate drug prices.  Biotech and pharma stocks fell on the comments and haven't really recovered. Investors might fear that a tweet from the president attacking a company over a high drug price could hit at any moment. It's not just Trump, of course: the public's been upset about the rising cost of drugs for the past few years. The outrage started with "bad apples" that were taking extreme measures to jack up prices, but slowly expanded to hit companies where list-price increases are routine. Several politicians, both Democrat and Republican, have spoken out about this. To counter that pressure, a handful of companies have already committed to sticking to only single-digit price increases on their drugs, and only increasing those prices once a year.  So, during the JPMorgan Healthcare Conference in San Francisco this month, Business Insider spoke to drug company executives about how their jobs would be impacted if the price increases that the industry takes every year—  sometimes twice a year or even quarterly — stopped being standard practice. Some insisted it wouldn't change their jobs or their companies because their growth is driven by volume instead of price increases Others brought up the need to start pricing better right off the bat when a drug gets on the market Many pointed to the discrepancy between high-rising list prices and either declining or similar net prices thanks to other players in the supply chain Keeping investors interested Drug development is a risky business, and often hypotheses don't pan out and a drug fails in clinical trials. It means investors need other reasons to back companies, and routine price increases are a way to ensure that those investors will stay interested. Removing price hikes from the business model could mean that research and development budgets within major drugmakers could get hit, as well as investor interest in very early-stage projects that could be a decade or two away from reaching the market, some executives warned. "There's a wellspring of innovation that needs to be fed coming out of the academic community in order for us have the foundation to build up the therapies of tomorrow," Scott Brun, head of AbbVie Ventures, the drugmaker's venture arm, told Business Insider.  "You need people willing to invest in that, or they're going to invest in something else." To do that, he said, there are some questions that would need to be answered, including making sure those investors have enough certainty to stick around despite the risks associated with development. If investors do leave to fund more sure bets, he said, "I think we will all lose as a consequence there." List price increases don't always translate to growth Another common defense on the issue of drug prices is to point to all the other parts of the system of getting a drug to a patient. It's true, drugmakers are part of a complex system, filled with middlemen who all get a piece of a drug's sale, and they say that system means they don't actually profit off of price hikes. So, stagnant drug prices, without any other change to the system, would just erode their profits to the pharma companies. Drugmakers pay rebates out to pharmacy benefits managers and insurance companies, and those rebates are increasing in part just so the companies can ensure their drug is kept on the list of approved drugs for a certain treatment.   Enrique Conterno, the president of Lilly's diabetes unit, offered up an example. Lilly makes Humalog — an insulin that's seen it's price steadily increase. Conterno said that the net price for Humalog, or what the drugmaker actually collects, was down 24% in the third-quarter of 2016, from the third-quarter of 2015.  Right now, there isn't a great alternative to the middlemen though, both for the drugmakers and the employers and insurance companies who count on pharmacy benefits managers.  A Type 1 diabetes patient holds up bottles of insulin. Reuters/Lucy Nicholson "I was asked a question why doesn't the whole industry just price at a different level and not do all these rebates," Horizon Pharma CEO Tim Walbert said. "And I think everyone would give the same answer: If I could just make my medicine and get it to the consumer directly, we all would." Many executives Business Insider spoke to said their businesses are driven by the volume of prescriptions they make for patients, rather than price increases. So even if list prices were to stay the same after they were originally set, the growing payout to the middlemen would mean profit erosion at the drugmaker.  Setting an initial price so high that doesn't need to be increased In the debate over drug prices, there have been two kinds of drugs that have grabbed headlines: the new drugs start out with astoundingly high prices (think of the hepatitis C treatment that has a $84,000 list price), and old drugs that have seen their price climb — suddenly or steadily over the years — (like the EpiPen, or the prices of insulin).  One response to a hypothetical world without price increases would simply be to set an initial price that is so high that it'll just reflect any foregone hikes. There are some drugs that are already priced this way, but right now the prices for those are extraordinary — think hundreds of thousands — and Big Pharma's trade organization, called PhRMA, has a new ad campaign that launched Monday to try and explain where these come from. "It's really a question of what is the initial price," said Jan Lundberg, Lilly's executive vice president of science and technology and the president of Lilly Research labs. "Our aim is to have differentiated products that can motivate a very good starting price and that's what we clearly do." Sean McCarthy, CEO of CytomX, a biotech that's developing safer ways to administer cancer immunotherapies, echoed that the initial price setting is a key issue. "I think that we need to pay a lot more attention to where we initially set price." Secretary Health and Human Secretary nominee Tom Price Alex Wong/Getty Images Will we see legislative changes to the way drugs are priced? In this hypothetical situation, the conversation was more around self-policing and changes at the company level. But Trump has said he wants to have the US negotiate prices and importing drugs from Canada, which would mean that that the way drugs are priced drastically changes.  But negotiating drug prices for Medicare wasn't something Trump's HHS pick Tom Price would commit to in a hearing Wednesday despite being pushed on it by Democratic senators. Analysts have noted that it's not a part of the Republican's healthcare plan, but with drug pricing striking such a chord with Trump, it's only a matter of time before a tweet or another soundbite sends biotech stocks into even more uncertainty.  SEE ALSO: Donald Trump just took the joy out of the drug industry's biggest investor conference DON'T MISS: A Nevada woman died from a bug that resisted 26 antibiotics — here's why it's so hard to develop new ones NOW WATCH: Here's the massive gap in average income between the top 1% and the bottom 99% in every state Loading video... More: Pharmaceutical Industry Drugs Drug pricing Donald J. Trump Medicine BI Graphics facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru We asked pharma executives the one question they didn't want to hear about drug pricing We asked pharma executives the one question they didn't want to hear about drug pricing It's shaping up to be another rough year for... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 5 innovations in radiology that could impact everything from the Zika virus to dermatology More "Digital Industry Insider" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Newsletter-controller Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured 10 Things Before the Opening Bell BI Intelligence Daily Business Insider Select Digital Industry Insider Instant MBA Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Events Tech Chart Of The Day Tech Select Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Strategy 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Advertising Select Careers Select Retail Select Strategy Select Life Breaking News Education Select Entertainment Select Life Select Tech Digital Media Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Enterprise Select Fintech Briefing IoT Chart of the Day Mobile Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Science Select Finance Finance Insider Markets Select Smart Investor Your Money Select Politics Military Select Politics Select Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Hockey great 'King Henrik' Lundqvist on growing up in a tiny Swedish town and his dad's advice to 'dream big' Read Lundqvist's letter to his teenage self » Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 09 February 2017. 6pm 23 February 2017. 6pm 09 March 2017. 6pm 23 March 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing Market Briefing - UK markets finished in positive territory yesterday, boosted by gains in financial and consumer goods shares Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:34 26 Jan 2017 ., Thu UK Market Snapshot UK markets finished in positive territory yesterday, boosted by gains in financial and consumer goods shares. Banks, HSBC Holdings, Barclays and Lloyds Banking Group, advanced 0.7%, 1.0%, and 2.1%, respectively, while Standard Chartered and Royal Bank of Scotland Group climbed 3.4% each. WH Smith jumped 7.0%, after the retailer posted an increase in group like for like sales for the 21 weeks ended 21 January 2017, mainly helped by travel revenue and upgraded its profit outlook for the year. Antofagasta edged 4.1% up, after its copper production rose in 2016. Bucking the trend, Vodafone Group tumbled 5.1%, following a broker downgrade on the stock to ‘Neutral’ from ‘Buy’. Precious metal miners, Randgold Resources and Fresnillo fell 3.3% and 4.2%, respectively, tracking a decline in gold prices. The FTSE 100 advanced 0.2%, to close at 7,164.4, while the FTSE 250 rose 0.2%, to settle at 18,133.4. US Market Snapshot US markets closed in the green yesterday, with the Dow Jones index closing above 20,000 level for the first time, led by a rally in financial sector stocks. Goldman Sachs Group, Morgan Stanley and Wells Fargo advanced 1.5%, 2.6% and 3.5%, respectively. Boeing jumped 4.2%, after its earnings for the fourth quarter surpassed analysts’ estimates. Automakers, Ford Motor and General Motors edged 0.7% and 3.5% up, respectively. Texas Instruments climbed 2.0%, after the company posted upbeat results for the fourth quarter. Cisco Systems added 0.3%, after it agreed to acquire AppDynamics for $3.7 billion in cash and stock. On the contrary, Freeport-McMoRan dropped 3.1%, after it reported lower than expected earnings for the fourth quarter. The S&P 500 gained 0.8%, to settle at 2,298.4. The DJIA rose 0.8%, to settle at 20,068.5, while the NASDAQ advanced 1.0%, to close at 5,656.3. Europe Market Snapshot Other European markets closed stronger yesterday, buoyed by gains in banking sector shares. Deutsche Bank jumped 4.9%, amid reports that it is considering to spin off its asset management unit through an initial public offering. Banco Santander advanced 4.0%, after the lender posted upbeat fourth quarter net profit following lower loan provisions and higher income from Brazil. Logitech International surged 15.5%, as its earnings for the third quarter surpassed analysts’ projections and it upgraded its outlook for 2017. Novartis edged 2.4% up, after the company announced that it would buy back shares worth up to $5.0 billion and might spin off its eye care business, Alcon. The FTSEurofirst 300 index gained 1.3%, to close at 1,448.1. Among other European markets, the German DAX Xetra 30 rose 1.8%, to close at 11,806.1, while the French CAC-40 advanced 1.0%, to settle at 4,877.7. Asia Market Snapshot Markets in Asia are trading higher this morning, tracking overnight rally in the US equities. In Japan, brokers, Daiwa Securities Group and Nomura Holdings have advanced 3.8% and 4.7%, respectively. Exporters, Canon, Sony and Panasonics have gained 1.1%, 1.7% and 1.8%, respectively, amid a weaker Japanese Yen. In Hong Kong, banks, Bank of China, HSBC Holdings and The Bank of East Asia have risen 1.4%, 1.8% and 2.8%, respectively. On the flipside, Sands China has declined 1.1%, after the company posted a drop in its year-on-year net income for 2016. In South Korea, index majors, Samsung Electronics and POSCO have climbed 1.4% and 4.3%, respectively, while LG Electronics has fallen 1.3%. The Nikkei 225 index is trading 1.6% higher at 19,366.7. The Hang Seng index is trading 1.4% up at 23,365.0, while the Kospi index is trading 1.0% higher at 2,087.4. Key Corporate Announcements Today AGMs Connect Group, Countryside Properties, Equatorial Palm Oil, Euromoney Institutional Investor, Finsbury Growth & Income Trust, Grand Group Investment (DI), Lonmin, MXC Capital, Topps Tiles, ITE Group, Daily Mail and General Trust Final Ex-Dividend Date BlackRock Frontiers Investment Trust, Blue Capital Global Reinsurance Fund Ltd (DI), Cardiff Property, Elegant Hotels Group, Fenner, Renew Holdings, RWS Holdings, Titon Holdings, Tracsis, Watkin Jones Interim Ex-Dividend Date Bankers Inv Trust, Carador Income Fund USD Shares, City Merchants High Yield Trust, City Natural Resources High Yield Trust, CQS New City High Yield Fund Limited, Games Workshop Group, GCP Asset Backed Income Fund Limited, GCP Infrastructure Investments Ltd, Investment Company, Jupiter Dividend & Growth Trust, Jupiter Dividend & Growth Trust Common, M&G High Income Inv Trust Income & Growth Units, NCC Group, Schroder Oriental Income Fund Ltd., Secure Income Reit, Sequoia Economic Infrastructure Income Fund Limited Interim Dividend Payment Date Dairy Crest Group, Hibernia REIT Quarterly Ex-Dividend Date APQ Global Limited, City of London Inv Trust, Merchants Trust Trading Announcements Anglo American, Daily Mail and General Trust A (Non.V), Great Portland Estates, Kier Group, Air Partner, Avocet Mining, Brewin Dolphin, Jimmy Choo, Kaz Minerals, Polymetal International, Sage Group, St James's Place, Card Factory, PayPoint, SSP Key Corporate Announcements for Tomorrow AGMs Caledonian Trust, Nektan (DI), Treatt, Inspirit Energy EGMs Intercede Group Final Dividend Payment Date Character Group, Inland Homes, Standard Life European Private Equity Trust Interim Dividend Payment Date Aberdeen New Dawn Investment Trust, Aberdeen Smaller Companies Income Trust, Amedeo Air Four Plus Limited, Artemis Alpha Trust, Auto Trader Group, Burberry Group, Caledonia Mining Corporation (DI), Cranswick, Dixons Carphone, Ensor Holdings, Experian, Fulcrum Utility Services LTD. (DI), Henderson High Income Trust, Invesco Perpetual Enhanced Income Limited, JPMorgan Income & Capital Inv Trust, Latham (James), Livermore Investments Group Ltd., Martin Currie Global Portfolio Trust, Marwyn Value Investors Limited, Micro Focus International, NewRiver REIT, Northern 2 VCT, Northern 3 VCT, RPC Group, Schroder European Real Estate Investment Trust, Shires Income, Speedy Hire, Supergroup, Troy Income & Growth Trust Quarterly Payment Date BlackRock Income Strategies Trust, Value and Income Trust Trading Announcements BlackRock Income Strategies Trust, Value and Income Trust Commodity, Currency and Fixed Income Snapshots Crude Oil At 0430GMT today, Brent Crude Oil one month futures contract is trading 0.89% or $0.49 higher at $55.57 per barrel. Yesterday, the contract declined 0.65% or $0.36, to settle at $55.08 per barrel, after the Energy Information Administration reported that US crude inventories advanced by 2.8 million barrels for the week ended 20 January 2017, registering its third consecutive weekly rise. Gold At 0430GMT today, Gold futures contract is trading 0.21% or $2.50 higher at $1200.30 per ounce. Yesterday, the contract dropped 1.07% or $13.00, to settle at $1197.80 per ounce, reaching a nearly 2-week low level, as a rally in the US equities dampened demand for the safe haven metal. Currency At 0430GMT today, the EUR is trading 0.10% higher against the USD at $1.0755, ahead of Germany’s GfK consumer confidence survey for February, slated to release in a while. Yesterday, the EUR strengthened 0.13% versus the USD, to close at $1.0744. In economic news, Germany’s Ifo business climate and business expectations indices declined surprisingly in January. At 0430GMT today, the GBP is trading 0.21% higher against the USD at $1.2657, ahead of UK’s GDP growth data for the fourth quarter, set to release today. Additionally, market participants will closely monitor the US initial jobless claims for the week ended 20 January and Markit composite and services PMIs, both for January, all scheduled to release later today. Yesterday, the GBP rose 0.88% versus the USD, to close at $1.2630, after UK’s Prime Minister, Theresa May, announced that the government would publish a Brexit white paper. Fixed Income In the US, long term treasury prices fell and pushed yields higher, as US stock markets gained on President, Donald Trump, move to swiftly implement his pro-growth policies. Yesterday, yield on 10-year notes jumped 6 basis points to 2.53%, while yield on 2-year notes rose 2 basis points to 1.23%. Meanwhile, 30-year bond yield gained 5 basis points to 3.10%. Key Economic News UK balance of firms reporting total order book above normal rose in January In the UK, the balance of firms reporting total order book above normal advanced to 5.00 in January, compared to a level of 0.00 in the previous month. Markets were anticipating the balance of firms reporting total order book above normal to climb to 2.00. UK CBI Business Optimism rose in 1Q 2017 In its business optimism survey, Confederation of British Industry (CBI) has indicated that optimism among London businesses for the next six months has climbed, with a net 15.00% of firms showing optimism about their business prospects in 1Q 2017, as compared to a net 8.00% of firms that showed pessimism in the prior quarter. Market expectation was for a net 8.00% of firms to show pessimism about their future business prospects. UK CBI trends selling prices climbed in January In January, CBI trends selling prices in the UK rose to a level of 28.00, compared to market expectations of a rise to a level of 30.00. CBI trends selling prices had registered a level of 26.00 in the previous month. German Ifo business climate index declined surprisingly in January Compared to a reading of 111.00 in the prior month the Ifo business climate index dropped unexpectedly to a level of 109.80 in January, in Germany. Markets were anticipating the Ifo business climate index to climb to a level of 111.30. German Ifo current assessment index recorded a rise in January In January, the Ifo current assessment index recorded a rise to 116.90 in Germany, compared to market expectations of a rise to 117.00. In the previous month, the Ifo current assessment index had registered a level of 116.60. German Ifo business expectations index declined surprisingly in January In January, the Ifo business expectations index in Germany registered an unexpected drop to 103.20, lower than market expectations of a rise to 105.80. The Ifo business expectations index had registered a reading of 105.60 in the previous month. French own-company production outlook climbed surprisingly in January In France, own-company production outlook registered an unexpected rise to 11.00 in January, compared to market expectations of an unchanged reading. Own-company production outlook had registered a level of 8.00 in the previous month. French production outlook indicator climbed unexpectedly in January The production outlook indicator in France climbed unexpectedly to 8.00 in January, compared to a level of 6.00 in the previous month. Markets were expecting the production outlook indicator to remain unchanged. French industrial business climate index fell surprisingly in January The industrial business climate index registered an unexpected drop to 104.00 in France, in January, compared to market expectations of an unchanged reading. The industrial business climate index had recorded a reading of 105.00 in the previous month. French business survey overall demand climbed in January Business survey overall demand advanced to 11.00 in France, in January. In the prior month, business survey overall demand had recorded a revised level of 3.00. Italian industrial orders climbed in November In November, on an annual basis, the non-seasonally adjusted industrial orders in Italy advanced 0.10%. In the prior month, industrial orders had fallen 3.20%. Italian industrial sales advanced in November On a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted industrial sales in Italy climbed 2.40% in November. Industrial sales had climbed 0.80% in the prior month. Italian industrial orders rose more than expected in November On a MoM basis, the seasonally adjusted industrial orders in Italy recorded a rise of 1.50% in November, higher than market expectations for an advance of 1.00%. Industrial orders had registered a revised rise of 1.00% in the prior month. Italian industrial sales recorded a rise in November The non-seasonally adjusted industrial sales climbed 3.90% on an annual basis, in November, in Italy. Industrial sales had recorded a drop of 0.90% in the prior month. Spanish PPI climbed in December In Spain, the producer price index (PPI) recorded a rise of 1.50% on a monthly basis, in December. The PPI had advanced 0.20% in the prior month. Spanish PPI recorded a rise in December The PPI in Spain advanced 2.80% in December on an annual basis. The PPI had risen 0.60% in the previous month. Swiss economic expectations index advanced in January The economic expectations index advanced to 18.50 in January, in Switzerland. The economic expectations index had recorded a reading of 12.90 in the previous month. Swiss UBS consumption indicator advanced in December In December, UBS consumption indicator in Switzerland rose to a level of 1.50, compared to a reading of 1.45 in the previous month. US housing price index advanced more than expected in November The housing price index in the US recorded a rise of 0.50% in November on a MoM basis, higher than market expectations for an advance of 0.40%. In the prior month, the housing price index had advanced by a revised 0.30%. US mortgage applications advanced in the last week Mortgage applications in the US advanced 4.00% on a weekly basis, in the week ended 20 January 2017. Mortgage applications had climbed 0.80% in the previous week. Foreign investors turned net sellers of Japanese stocks in the previous week Foreign investors turned net sellers of ¥376.10 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the week ended 20 January 2017, from being net buyers of a revised ¥238.90 billion worth of Japanese stocks in the prior week. Japanese investors turned net sellers of foreign stocks in the previous week Japanese investors turned net sellers of ¥19.10 billion worth of foreign stocks in the week ended 20 January 2017, as compared to being net buyers of ¥49.80 billion worth of foreign stocks in the previous week. Foreign investors turned net sellers of Japanese bonds in the previous week Foreign investors turned net sellers of ¥168.50 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the week ended 20 January 2017, from being net buyers of a revised ¥517.20 billion worth of Japanese bonds in the prior week. Japanese corporate service price index rose as expected in December The corporate service price index in Japan recorded a rise of 0.40% in December on an annual basis, compared to a rise of 0.30% in the prior month. Markets were expecting the corporate service price index to advance 0.40%. Japanese investors turned net sellers of foreign bonds in the previous week Japanese investors turned net sellers of ¥539.00 billion worth of foreign bonds in the week ended 20 January 2017, as compared to being net buyers of a revised ¥334.90 billion worth of foreign bonds in the previous week. Chinese industrial profits (YoY) rose in December Industrial profits (YoY) recorded a rise of 2.30% in China on an annual basis, in December. In the previous month, industrial profits (YoY) had registered a rise of 14.50%002E . Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Disclaimer: Any research has been produced by an independent third party provider. Further details can be provided on request. Guardian Stockbrokers Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Services Authority (FSA Ref: 492519). Any report has been prepared using information available from public sources, which are believed to be reliable as at the date of this report. However, Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider make no representation as to the accuracy or completeness of this report. This report should therefore not be relied on as accurate or complete. The facts and opinions on this report are subject to change without notice. Guardian Stockbrokers, its employees and its independent third party provider have no obligation to modify or update this report in the event that any information on this report becomes inaccurate. Any report is prepared for informational purpose only, with no recommendation or solicitation to buy or to sell. The background of any individual or other investor has not been considered in providing this report. Individuals and other investors should seek independent financial advice which considers their specific risks, objectives and specific constraints, and make their own informed decisions. Individuals and other investors should note that investing in shares carries a degree of risk and the value of investments can go up or down. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. Investments should be made with regard to an investor’s total portfolio. Guardian Stockbrokers, its independent third party provider and its employees make no representation or guarantee with regard to any investment noted on this report, and shall therefore not be liable with regard to any loss. RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Guardian CFDs Pre Market Briefing www.guardianstockbrokers.com Pre Market Briefing informs you of what is happening before the market opens. We believe our Pre Market Briefing is an invaluable tool to set up your trading day, therefore giving you an edge. Our Pre market briefing is just the start of our trading day at Guardian. We work with our clients to provide them with information and guidance to enhance their trading decisions. Guardian will provide you with an individual service together with the most suitable and expert advice at a fair and reasonable cost. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 17 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM JAN 28, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News JAN 28, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 17 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login BlackRock moves $1T to JPMorgan to cut fees By SABRINA WILLMER, CHARLES STEIN AND HUGH SON Bloomberg News First Published Jan 26 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Jan 26 2017 01:05 am Share This Article BlackRock Inc. yanked custody services from State Street Corp. on more than $1 trillion in client assets as the asset manager seeks to cut costs by putting pressure on vendors. The move of assets to JPMorgan Chase is part of BlackRock's strategy to exact lower fees, according to a person familiar with the matter. The bank said the deal was one of the largest shifts of custody assets ever. BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, found a partner in JPMorgan, which has been growing its custody business and now manages $20.5 trillion in assets. The bank has invested in automation technology that helps it offer services more cheaply, said another person with knowledge of the situation. The bank is expected to make tens of millions of dollars in annual fees from the deal. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Many of BlackRock's clients will experience cost savings through decreased operating expenses at the fund level," Derek Stein, senior managing director and head of business operations and technology at BlackRock, said in an emailed statement Wednesday. BlackRock has made no secret that it planned to put more pressure on vendors. President Rob Kapito said in a conference call last year that it would seek concessions as it tries to keep a lid on expenses. JPMorgan's corporate and investment bank chief Daniel Pinto has said he was focusing on the custody business because of its profit margins and steady fees. One priority is improving efficiency through automation technology, he said in a February presentation. That has helped the business generate margins of greater than 25 percent. Pinto said in a Wednesday statement that the deal is a "validation of the investments we've made and the resources we've added to the custody and fund services business." The bank has increased business with existing custody clients by 10 percent over the last 12 months, JPMorgan said in a statement Wednesday. State Street investors saw the move as a blow. The company's shares fell 3.8 percent as of 11:23 a.m. in New York. State Street Chief Executive Officer Jay Hooley said Wednesday that BlackRock approached the Boston-based custody bank as it sought to diversify its custodians. Hooley said that as BlackRock grew into a $5.15 trillion money manager it decided it needed another partner. The shift isn't indicative of a trend in the industry because most companies are looking to use fewer providers, Hooley said on the company's earnings conference call. "We appreciated where they were coming from," Hooley said. "It's a one-off adjustment for BlackRock to get better diversified." State Street had assets under custody and administration of $28.8 trillion as of the fourth quarter. It said in a presentation Wednesday that it would remain a service provider to BlackRock even after the move. Bank of New York Mellon Corp., the largest custody bank, reported $29.9 trillion in assets under custody and administration. Price competition is fierce among the top players in the industry. Improvements in technology are driving servicing costs lower and customers are demanding those savings be returned to them, Richard Bove, an analyst with Rafferty Capital Markets, said in an interview Wednesday. "It is a significant loss at a time when State Street's fees are already under pressure," said Bove. JPMorgan expects to take over administration of the assets during the next two years. Custody banks keep records, track performance and lend securities for institutional investors. They also manage money for individuals and institutions. "Shifts of this size are pretty rare," Jonathan Watkins, editor of Global Custodian, a London-based publication that covers the industry, said in a telephone interview. "Big managers tend to keep these custody relationships in place for decades."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES The battle over MormonLeaks -- two websites with one name and one goal: target the LDS Church ROTC may move from BYU to UVU after colonel bristles at Honor Code SLC shirks Trump, refuses to enforce his immigration edict Garrison Keillor: Help us, GOP, you're our only hope Dana Milbank: Don't get distracted by Trump's 'dead cats' ELEVATE H&R Block Announces Two New Offers: Refund Advance of Up to $1,250 and Free Federal 1040EZ   Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   3 Unforgettable Date Night Ideas   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets State Street shares drop after BlackRock agrees to remove $1 trillion in assets from bank's custody CNBC @CNBC1 day ago CNBC @CNBC1 day ago                                                                               Shares of State Street fell 4 percent during Wednesday's session following reports that asset manager BlackRock was taking $1 trillion out of the bank's custody. BlackRock confirmed the news early Wednesday. Shares of JPMorgan rose 1 percent as the broader market rallied and the Dow Jones industrial average topped the 20,000 milestone for the first time. A State Street spokeswoman told CNBC that the firm will still retain custody over some of BlackRock's assets. "We remain a significant service provider for BlackRock, and the transition will not be fully completed until 2018," she said. "As I'm sure you've seen from our earnings announcement, we continue to see strong client demand for our services with new asset servicing wins of approximately $1.4 trillion for 2016." On Wednesday, State Street reported fourth-quarter earnings that beat analysts' expectations, although its revenue missed. Its sales of $2.53 billion marked a 0.31 percent decline from the year-ago period. The stock finished 3.38% down Wednesday.   And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2017 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Business Live BL Premium Business Live Sign In Register Sign In Register BL Premium Login Markets Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment Politics Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Economy Business World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Life Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Video MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints Despite optimistic predictions the JSE closed weaker on Friday in subdued trade as 2016 fourth-quarter US GDP grew 1.9% rather than the expected 2.2% Most Read MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data disappoints 16 hours ago JSE tracks weaker after volatile week 21 hours ago Rand weaker on US GDP fourth-quarter growth of 1.9% versus expected 2.2% 19 hours ago Columnists Editorials Letters ANC’s pro-poor rhetoric has not translated into economic policy The government’s promises of ‘a better life for all’ have not come close to addressing the challenges of the political economy, writes Thabang Motsohi Most Read EDITORIAL: More woe for Zwane 2 days ago TWEET OF THE WEEK: #PaidANCArrogance 1 day ago BL PREMIUM ROB ROSE: Gordhanian knots 2 days ago BL PREMIUM Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment More woes for consumers as fuel prices set to rise on Wednesday Prices for both 95 and 93 octane petrol will increase by 29c/l, both grades of diesel will increase by 21c/l, while LPG goes up by 21c/kg Most Read Hawks arrest more alleged licensing department fraudsters 19 hours ago Johannesburg Water cut supply to water-wasting areas 19 hours ago Sending out SABC report without recommendations is an ANC ploy, DA says 19 hours ago Money lust ‘threatens to split the ANC’ Senior officials are breaking the tradition of closing ranks and expressing their concern about how the party is now seen as a way to secure state contracts and jobs Most Read JUSTICE MALALA: The truth behind the 'white monopoly capital' propaganda assault 5 days ago LILY GOSAM: Zuma's secret blueprint for total power 1 day ago Coalition shift could give EFF metro 3 days ago Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Prosecutors say former VW chief knew of test cheating sooner than he admits German prosecutors have broadened their Volkswagen emissions-scandal investigation, and say a former CE knew about cheating earlier than he admits Most Read LG distances itself from Gupta family-owned Oakbay 22 hours ago WATCH: ANCYL storm Absa branch in Durban CBD 1 day ago Momentum axes trio over trade secrets 1 day ago Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket Changes to the CPI basket will insure that the inflation measurement reflects changes in consumer expenditure since the last reweighting in 2013 Most Read Instant noodles and frozen pizzas among products now in CPI basket 18 hours ago Budget’s tax hikes set to target high earners 4 days ago BL PREMIUM At least 30 countries are implementing audit rotations, says watchdog 4 days ago WATCH: When a mine moves out, poverty and despair move in Blyvooruitzicht Gold Mine went into liquidation four years ago, now village residents are left in extreme poverty with no help on the horizon Most Read Cosatu cries foul over Asian workers 1 day ago Marketers must implement stringent measures to manage media costs 1 day ago Permits issued to allow for first imports of GM maize from the US 2 days ago Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East African states to discuss mass withdrawal from International Criminal Court AU summit expected to consider "withdrawal strategy" to follow if reform demands are not met Most Read Donald Trump bars entry to US of people from seven countries 2 hours ago Denmark — where negative interest rates have ensured a rich populace 17 hours ago A battle looms between US environmental lobbyists and Donald Trump 17 hours ago Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says De Villiers now takes charge of the one-day squad when the five-match series against Sri Lanka begins on Saturday Most Read Young talent in Sri Lankan cricket team is dangerous, AB de Villiers says 17 hours ago Beijing soccer club Guoan FC tops AC Milan at $800m 1 day ago Springbok coach Allister Coetzee gets reprieve 2 days ago Arts & Entertainment Books Motoring Gadgets & Gear Extreme wealth costs the Earth The effect of lavish lifestyles on the environment needs to be understood, write Peter Wells and Anne Touboulic Most Read Porsche Panamera — executive athlete gets a makeover 2 days ago Luxury SUV party 2 days ago Porsche offers environmental executive Panamera 2 days ago Most Read Markets Dow crosses 20,000 on reinvigorated Trump rally, but dollar hits seven-week low Lingering concerns about protectionism and its potential negative effects on global trade and growth remain close to the surface 25 January 2017 - 18:55 PM Jamie McGeever and Herbert Lash Picture: REUTERS London/New York — The Dow Jones Industrial Average traded above 20,000 for the first time on Wednesday and world stocks hit 19-month highs on strong Japanese trade data, stellar European corporate results and investor enthusiasm over U.S. President Donald Trump. The president’s signing of numerous executive orders since his inauguration on Friday reignited a rally that began after his election victory in November. Trump marked the milestone with a tweet:  Great! #Dow20K https://t.co/wXFhXBLgag— President Trump (@POTUS) January 25, 2017 Investors said crossing the 20,000 mark was just a number, but still nice to have. "While the Dow hitting 20,000 is one of the least meaningful data points on my screen, it does suggest that the equity rally is pretty broad-based," said Michael Purves, chief global strategist at Weeden in New York. Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Asset Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin said the moment was "like watching your odometer cross over 100,000 or peeking up at the clock and noticing that it’s exactly noon. "There are no magic numbers but we like to pretend that there are," Jacobsen said. The iconic Dow index came within a point of the historic 20,000 level on January 6 as investors banked on pro-growth policies and tax cuts from the new Trump administration. The renewed focus on Trump’s policies to reflate the US economy didn’t extend as much to bond and currency markets, where US yields only inched up and the dollar fell across the board, particularly against a resurgent British pound. Dow passes 20,000 points for the first time MSCI’s global share index rose 0.67% to 435.61 points, its highest since June 2015. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 141.33 points, or 0.71%, to 20,054.04, the S&P 500 gained 14.22 points, or 0.62%, to 2,294.29 and the Nasdaq Composite added 41.94 points, or 0.75%, to 5,642.90. The post-election rally on Wall Street had tempered in recent days as investors focused on the White House’s trade protection pronouncements. The stock move since November 22, when the Dow first closed above 19,000, has been spearheaded by financial stocks — with Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan together accounting for about 20% of the gain. The two banks have benefited as investors bet Trump’s expected fiscal stimulus will trigger inflation and stoke a rise in interest rates. In Europe, the FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares rose 1.3% and Germany’s DAX rose 1.89% to a fresh 18-month high, while France’s CAC 40 Index rose 1.17%. Earlier in Japan, the Nikkei advanced 1.4%, buoyed by data showing the country’s exports rose for the first time in 15 months in December, a positive sign for the economy even as talk of US protectionism looms over the outlook. Trump signed two executive orders on Tuesday to move forward with construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines, rolling back key Obama administration environmental actions in favor of expanding energy infrastructure. He also met chief executives of the Big Three US automakers to push for more cars to be built in the United States. Dollar down Global bond yields rose as Trump shifted his focus back to growth initiatives including promising corporate tax breaks to fuel US investment, after focusing on protectionism in his first few days in office. The yield on the benchmark 10-year US Treasury rose to 2.505%, with prices falling 8/32. European yields rose further. Germany’s 10-year Bund yield hit a six-week high of 0.389% and France’s benchmark 10-year yield hit a one-year high of 0.95%. Bond prices were weighed down by the rally in stocks and new debt supply. In currencies, the dollar failed to carry on its upward momentum from Tuesday. Lingering concerns about growing protectionism and the potential negative effects on global trade and growth remained close to the surface. In this environment, the outlook for the Federal Reserve is murky. The dollar fell 0.09% to ¥113,68, and 0.22% against a basket of currencies. The euro was up at $1.0734, shrugging off a surprised fall in German business morale this month. Oil prices reversed their overnight gains. Brent futures dipped 0.7% to $55.05 per barrel, after rising 0.4% overnight. Reuters Please login or register to comment. REGISTER LOGIN Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data ... Markets 2. JSE tracks weaker after volatile week Markets 3. Rand weaker on US GDP fourth-quarter growth of ... Markets 4. BUSINESS DAY TV: Brexit and Trump add to local ... Markets 5. JSE closes weaker as US GDP growth disappoints Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. BLPremium Need the best business news in SA? Register to try BL Premium at no cost until early 2017 – with content from Business Day, Financial Mail, Rand Daily Mail, Business Times, Financial Times and more. Most read 1. MARKET WRAP: SA markets weaker as US GDP data ... Markets 2. JSE tracks weaker after volatile week Markets 3. Rand weaker on US GDP fourth-quarter growth of ... Markets 4. BUSINESS DAY TV: Brexit and Trump add to local ... Markets 5. JSE closes weaker as US GDP growth disappoints Markets Investors Monthly is a magazine published by Times Media, Media Division included in the Financial Mail on the last Thursday of the month. Politics National Education Health Labour Media Science & Environment World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East Sport Cricket Other Sport Rugby Soccer Companies Energy Financial Services Healthcare Industrials Innovation Investors Monthly Land & Agriculture Management Mining Property Retail & Consumer Telecoms & Technology Trade & Industry Transport & Tourism Markets Business Economy Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Read More About us Contact us FAQs Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Privacy policy © 2017 Times Media Group. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy. © BusinessLIVE MMXVII
WEARECENTRALPA 29° Altoona Overcast WEARECENTRALPA 29° Altoona Overcast Sections News Weather Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News National News Healthcast Pet Patrol Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Big Game Concussion Awareness Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Auto Racing Golf Community Penn State Health Web Chats Local Events Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Contests Horoscopes Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sports Central PA Live Contests Central PA Pros Pope Francis: A Journey of Family Faith and the Future Halloween 2015 Central PA Live Dubs Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News National News Healthcast Pet Patrol Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Hidden History Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Ski Report Sports Local Sports Big Game Concussion Awareness Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Auto Racing Golf Community Penn State Health Web Chats Local Events Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Contests Horoscopes Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Don't Text & Drive Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS Dow closes above 20,000 for first time Major milestone is a reflection of solid economy By MATT EGAN Published 01/25 2017 04:13PM Updated 01/25 2017 04:16PM Dow 20,000 is finally here.After weeks of close calls, the Dow made history on Wednesday by crossing over that key level for the first time ever.The historic milestone leaves the Dow up a stunning 1,667 points since President Donald Trump's victory in November. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) The Dow Jones industrial average closed over 20,000 for the first time ever Wednesday. The index closed at 20,069 and was joined in record territory by the S&P 500 and Nasdaq. The historic milestone leaves the Dow up more than 1,700 points since President Donald Trump's victory in November. The achievement is evidence of how optimistic investors have become about the prospects for the U.S. economy. "The stock market has given him this extraordinary vote of approval. Happy days are here again," said Ed Yardeni, president of Yardeni Research. Wall Street is clearly betting that Trump's plans to slash taxes, ramp up infrastructure spending and cut regulation will make the American economy grow faster. If that happens, without any disruptions to global trade, it could propel corporate profits, the lifeblood of stock prices. But the jump in stocks is also a reflection of the solid economy Trump inherited from former President Obama. The U.S. has added jobs for a record 75 straight months and the unemployment rate is sitting near a 10-year low. The Dow 20,000 milestone also shows how much has changed in the U.S. economy over the past eight years. The index crashed to a low of 6,440 in March 2009 as Wall Street feared a complete collapse of the American financial system. The astounding 13,500-point rise since then has been fueled by a consistent, albeit imperfect, economic recovery combined with the U.S. central bank's massive stimulus program and near-0% interest rates. While the economic rebound from the Great Recession has been slower than many hoped, the unemployment rate is now at the lowest level since 2007 and corporate profits have climbed to record highs. "The economy has come a long way in eight years. Overall, it's a healthier economy and does justify a much higher stock market than eight years ago," said David Kelly, chief global strategist at JPMorgan Funds. Few expected the Dow to rise so much, especially after a Trump victory. In fact, many feared a market crash if Trump upset Hillary Clinton. Instead, Wall Street embarked on a very impressive post-election rally that carried the Dow above both the 19,000 and 20,000 levels. CNNMoney's Fear & Greed Index is flashing "greed," a vast improvement from "extreme fear" mere days before the election. The VIX, a gauge of volatility in the markets, has dropped to the lowest level since July 2014. But the Trump rally cooled off in recent months and Wall Street hit a bit of a psychological roadblock leading up to the 20,000 level. On January 6, the Dow got incredibly close, rising to 19,999.63 before backing off. Traders on Wall Street had fun with it, with some creating hats that said: "Dow Almost 20,000." One reason for the pause: investors want more details on the timing and effectiveness of the stimulus plans rolled out by the new administration. "We've scaled this peak. We're going to enjoy this view for a while and hit the pause button," said Joe Quinlan, chief market strategist at U.S. Trust. Bank stocks have been among the biggest winners during the post-election party on Wall Street. JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley have soared more than 20%, while Goldman Sachs is up nearly 30%, as investors bet on higher interest rates and less regulation under Trump. But JPMorgan's Kelly worries that "markets seem to be pricing in the positives, and not worrying too much about the negatives" such as a potential trade war or fiscal stimulus that overheats the economy. Quinlan agrees that trade remains a serious risk given Trump's anti-trade rhetoric during the campaign. Already, Trump has scrapped the TPP trade deal and plans to swiftly start renegotiating NAFTA. "We need open borders, open trade and open flow of capital. If we start going down this deglobalization road, this market is going to lose its euphoric underpins pretty quickly," Quinlan said. Yardeni said the jury is still out on whether the enthusiasm on Wall Street is overdone. "Is the market irrationally exuberant or will Trump prevail in a way that's bullish for the economy?" he asked. "The bottom line on Trump is: love him or hate him, you don't want to bet against him." Copyright 2017 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Don't Miss Community Calendar Central PA Pros Connect with Us Latest News Local National Local National Take this Job and Love it: Professionals Auto Body "Art in the Dark" 5th Annual Penn State Altoona Winter Plunge "What's Cookin' in the Easy Bake?" Flashback: Apple Crisp! Groundhog Wine Trail Wine Fest 2017 Students hold March for Life US has denied 500 Syrian refugees over possible terror ties Trump says US will prioritize Christian refugees Trump says US will prioritize Christian refugees Wild crash caught on camera Video Center Local News National News Local News National News High School Roundup (01/28/17) Ultimate Warrior Tournament underway Lady Devils heat up at right time Teens charged in Gatlinburg wildfires Teacher sketches Syria's civil war House holds moment of silence for Oakland fire victims WTAJ on Facebook WTAJ Weather on Facebook WTAJ News on Twitter WTAJ News iPhone App WTAJ Weather iPhone App WTAJ News Android App WTAJ Weather Android App Up Next Fire alarm goes off at Steelers hotel Meet the Team Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - WeAreCentralPA.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads WTAJ EEO Report WTAJ FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Sat,  28 January 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 8.20   -0.10 -1.20%   1STPRIMFMF 14.30   -0.30 -2.05%   AAMRATECH 33.30   -2.20 -6.20%   ABB1STMF 7.60   -0.20 -2.56%   ABBANK 24.40   -0.70 -2.79%   ACI   38.90   ACIFORMULA 180.50   10.40 6.11%   ACMELAB 114.10   4.10 3.73%   ACTIVEFINE 44.60   0.40 0.90%   AFCAGRO 49.80   -0.40 -0.80%   AFTABAUTO 67.10   -0.10 -0.15%   AGNISYSL 23.00   -0.50 -2.13%   AGRANINS 24.80   -0.50 -1.98%   AIBL1STIMF 8.70   -0.20 -2.25%   AL-HAJTEX 90.90   0.70 0.78%   ALARABANK 19.60   -0.50 -2.49%   ALLTEX 13.30   0.10 0.76%   AMANFEED 74.50   1.80 2.48%   AMBEEPHA 395.50   4.50 1.15%   AMCL(PRAN) 225.00   3.40 1.53%   ANLIMAYARN 29.70   0.10 0.34%   ANWARGALV 72.60   1.10 1.54%   APEXFOODS 140.40   2.50 1.81%   APEXFOOT 353.30   1.30 0.37%   APEXSPINN 113.60   1.00 0.89%   APEXTANRY 152.40   2.10 1.40%   APOLOISPAT 22.20   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 369.30   -0.60 -0.16%   ARAMITCEM 42.50   0.30 0.71%   ARGONDENIM 33.20   -1.20 -3.49%   ASIAINS 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ASIAPACINS 22.40   -0.70 -3.03%   ATCSLGF 10.80   0.10 0.93%   ATLASBANG 130.80   -0.40 -0.30%   AZIZPIPES 72.20   -0.90 -1.23%   BANGAS 124.00   -1.30 -1.04%   BANKASIA 20.10   -0.20 -0.99%   BARKAPOWER 44.10   -0.10 -0.23%   BATASHOE 1145.50   2.20 0.19%   BATBC   -7.60   BAYLEASING 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   BBS   0.30   BDAUTOCA 86.00   -1.80 -2.05%   BDCOM   -0.10   BDFINANCE 17.90   0.10 0.56%   BDLAMPS 176.70   3.10 1.79%   BDTHAI 27.70   -0.50 -1.77%   BDWELDING 11.90   -0.40 -3.25%   BEACHHATCH 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   BEACONPHAR 24.80   1.70 7.36%   BENGALWTL 44.90   -0.30 -0.66%   BERGERPBL 2349.00   51.20 2.23%   BEXIMCO 34.10   -0.50 -1.45%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.80   BRACBANK 67.00   -2.00 -2.90%   BSC   30.10   BSCCL   -0.20   BSRMLTD 144.90   5.40 3.87%   BSRMSTEEL 102.00   2.40 2.41%   BXPHARMA 92.60   4.70 5.35%   BXSYNTH 9.30   0.20 2.20%   CAPMBDBLMF 10.40   -0.20 -1.89%   CENTRALINS 23.90   -0.50 -2.05%   CENTRALPHL 27.20   0.90 3.42%   CITYBANK 34.80   -1.60 -4.40%   CITYGENINS 19.50   -1.30 -6.25%   CMCKAMAL 24.10   -0.80 -3.21%   CNATEX 11.70   -0.40 -3.31%   CONFIDCEM 135.00   2.40 1.81%   CONTININS 22.90   -0.90 -3.78%   CVOPRL 173.30   15.70 9.96%   DACCADYE 8.80   0.20 2.33%   DAFODILCOM 39.80   0.60 1.53%   DBH   0.20   DBH1STMF 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   DELTALIFE 118.20   -1.30 -1.09%   DELTASPINN 11.30   0.00 0.00%   DESCO   -0.40   DESHBANDHU 12.90   0.10 0.78%   DHAKABANK 21.10   -0.40 -1.86%   DHAKAINS 26.30   -0.80 -2.95%   DOREENPWR 103.60   -1.30 -1.24%   DSHGARME 333.50   -3.40 -1.01%   DSSL   0.50   DULAMIACOT 9.90   0.80 8.79%   DUTCHBANGL 118.80   -0.60 -0.50%   EASTERNINS 35.00   -0.90 -2.51%   EASTLAND 26.00   -0.20 -0.76%   EASTRNLUB 1125.00   24.30 2.21%   EBL   0.90   EBL1STMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   EBLNRBMF 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   ECABLES 142.60   0.50 0.35%   EHL   0.20   EMERALDOIL 33.00   0.40 1.23%   ENVOYTEX 40.70   -0.40 -0.97%   ETL   -0.50   EXIM1STMF 8.60   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 15.60   0.10 0.65%   FAMILYTEX 10.10   -0.10 -0.98%   FARCHEM 25.20   0.20 0.80%   FAREASTFIN 14.10   -0.30 -2.08%   FAREASTLIF 80.00   -0.40 -0.50%   FASFIN 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   FBFIF   -0.30   FEDERALINS 15.30   -0.50 -3.16%   FEKDIL 32.00   -1.00 -3.03%   FINEFOODS 26.00   1.00 4.00%   FIRSTFIN 10.60   -0.10 -0.93%   FIRSTSBANK 15.90   0.00 0.00%   FORTUNE 53.80   -1.40 -2.54%   FUWANGCER 19.70   -0.40 -1.99%   FUWANGFOOD 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   GBBPOWER 22.40   -0.50 -2.18%   GEMINISEA 720.30   -1.00 -0.14%   GENNEXT 10.50   -0.30 -2.78%   GHAIL   0.10   GHCL   0.10   GLAXOSMITH 1582.80   27.60 1.77%   GLOBALINS 21.90   -0.10 -0.45%   GOLDENSON 21.20   -0.50 -2.30%   GP   2.40   GPHISPAT 40.90   0.70 1.74%   GQBALLPEN 82.90   1.50 1.84%   GRAMEENS2 14.50   -0.20 -1.36%   GREENDELMF 8.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 61.20   -0.60 -0.97%   GSPFINANCE 26.70   -0.10 -0.37%   HAKKANIPUL 46.20   -1.90 -3.95%   HEIDELBCEM 556.00   -2.00 -0.36%   HFL   -0.50   HRTEX   -0.60   HWAWELLTEX 37.80   -0.20 -0.53%   IBBLPBOND 988.00   -4.00 -0.40%   IBNSINA 271.70   21.80 8.72%   ICB   15.50   ICB1STNRB 24.90   0.60 2.47%   ICB2NDNRB 10.80   0.20 1.89%   ICB3RDNRB 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.50   0.10 1.06%   ICBEPMF1S1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 6.20   -0.10 -1.59%   ICBSONALI1 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   IDLC   -2.10   IFADAUTOS 117.00   -4.50 -3.70%   IFIC   -0.40   IFIC1STMF 7.40   -0.30 -3.90%   IFILISLMF1 8.40   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   -0.40   IMAMBUTTON 15.50   -0.90 -5.49%   INTECH 14.20   -0.50 -3.40%   IPDC   0.30   ISLAMIBANK 47.50   0.60 1.28%   ISLAMICFIN 21.60   0.10 0.47%   ISLAMIINS 23.30   -1.10 -4.51%   ISNLTD 14.70   -0.20 -1.34%   ITC   -0.10   JAMUNABANK 18.80   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 217.50   5.10 2.40%   JANATAINS 16.20   0.00 0.00%   JMISMDL 181.90   6.90 3.94%   JUTESPINN 59.00   0.30 0.51%   KARNAPHULI 18.30   -0.70 -3.68%   KAY&QUE 42.80   2.00 4.90%   KBPPWBIL 21.70   0.10 0.46%   KDSALTD 77.80   -2.90 -3.59%   KEYACOSMET 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   KOHINOOR 389.70   9.00 2.36%   KPCL   -0.20   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 84.10   -0.80 -0.94%   LANKABAFIN 52.00   0.60 1.17%   LEGACYFOOT 22.50   0.70 3.21%   LIBRAINFU 460.00   -2.40 -0.52%   LINDEBD 1293.50   -5.60 -0.43%   LRGLOBMF1 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   MAKSONSPIN 9.40   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 20.20   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1055.00   8.90 0.85%   MATINSPINN 38.00   -1.10 -2.81%   MBL1STMF 8.30   0.10 1.22%   MEGCONMILK 10.00   0.10 1.01%   MEGHNACEM 110.50   -1.60 -1.43%   MEGHNALIFE 66.00   -2.00 -2.94%   MEGHNAPET 10.10   0.40 4.12%   MERCANBANK 18.30   -0.60 -3.17%   MERCINS 21.00   -0.10 -0.47%   METROSPIN 8.40   0.00 0.00%   MHSML   -0.90   MICEMENT 86.00   -0.10 -0.12%   MIDASFIN 26.20   0.00 0.00%   MIRACLEIND 53.40   1.00 1.91%   MITHUNKNIT 55.00   -0.90 -1.61%   MJLBD   1.10   MODERNDYE 171.00   0.70 0.41%   MONNOCERA 41.00   -0.60 -1.44%   MONNOSTAF 509.90   -10.30 -1.98%   MPETROLEUM 198.20   3.70 1.90%   MTB   -1.00   NATLIFEINS 186.80   0.00 0.00%   NAVANACNG 69.90   -0.70 -0.99%   NBL   -0.20   NCCBANK 14.90   -0.40 -2.61%   NCCBLMF1 8.50   -0.30 -3.41%   NFML   -0.70   NHFIL   -0.40   NITOLINS 28.30   -0.50 -1.74%   NLI1STMF 13.70   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 265.20   4.10 1.57%   NORTHRNINS 26.80   -1.10 -3.94%   NPOLYMAR 91.20   0.20 0.22%   NTC   32.50   NTLTUBES 116.20   -0.10 -0.09%   OAL   -0.50   OLYMPIC 311.70   1.70 0.55%   ONEBANKLTD 20.60   -0.10 -0.48%   ORIONINFU 59.00   -0.90 -1.50%   ORIONPHARM 50.00   0.80 1.63%   PADMALIFE 32.50   -1.20 -3.56%   PADMAOIL 233.20   12.50 5.66%   PARAMOUNT 19.60   -0.60 -2.97%   PENINSULA 31.70   0.60 1.93%   PEOPLESINS 23.40   0.20 0.86%   PF1STMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   PHARMAID 260.30   7.80 3.09%   PHENIXINS 32.80   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 34.00   1.30 3.98%   PHPMF1 7.40   -0.20 -2.63%   PIONEERINS 36.00   -0.90 -2.44%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 7.50   -0.20 -2.60%   POPULARLIF 85.60   -0.10 -0.12%   POWERGRID 55.70   -1.30 -2.28%   PRAGATIINS 35.20   -0.50 -1.40%   PRAGATILIF 102.00   -1.80 -1.73%   PREMIERBAN 13.50   0.10 0.75%   PREMIERCEM 91.00   -0.90 -0.98%   PREMIERLEA 13.50   -0.70 -4.93%   PRIME1ICBA 7.70   -0.20 -2.53%   PRIMEBANK 20.80   -0.30 -1.42%   PRIMEFIN 12.50   0.40 3.31%   PRIMEINSUR 22.00   -0.40 -1.79%   PRIMELIFE 64.40   0.10 0.16%   PRIMETEX 28.60   -0.50 -1.72%   PROGRESLIF 58.70   -2.10 -3.45%   PROVATIINS 19.70   -1.10 -5.29%   PTL   -0.50   PUBALIBANK 28.20   -1.00 -3.42%   PURABIGEN 19.50   -0.80 -3.94%   QSMDRYCELL 97.00   0.10 0.10%   RAHIMAFOOD 116.20   -3.30 -2.76%   RAHIMTEXT 243.00   1.50 0.62%   RAKCERAMIC 68.60   1.80 2.69%   RANFOUNDRY 125.00   4.80 3.99%   RDFOOD 17.80   0.20 1.14%   RECKITTBEN 1520.00   3.50 0.23%   REGENTTEX 18.20   -0.40 -2.15%   RELIANCE1 10.60   -0.50 -4.50%   RELIANCINS 54.90   -0.80 -1.44%   RENATA 1105.00   -3.60 -0.32%   RENWICKJA 599.10   6.40 1.08%   REPUBLIC 25.80   -0.80 -3.01%   RNSPIN 29.00   0.80 2.84%   RSRMSTEEL 78.00   5.10 7.00%   RUPALIBANK 32.30   0.20 0.62%   RUPALIINS 22.50   -1.60 -6.64%   RUPALILIFE 46.30   -0.20 -0.43%   SAFKOSPINN 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   SAIFPOWER 69.80   5.70 8.89%   SAIHAMCOT 17.50   -0.70 -3.85%   SAIHAMTEX 19.60   -0.10 -0.51%   SALAMCRST 38.40   -1.00 -2.54%   SALVOCHEM 17.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 28.70   1.30 4.74%   SAMORITA 82.10   0.30 0.37%   SANDHANINS 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAPORTL 46.00   -0.30 -0.65%   SAVAREFR 65.10   -4.90 -7.00%   SEBL1STMF 12.70   0.10 0.79%   SEMLLECMF 9.70   -0.10 -1.02%   SHAHJABANK 16.40   -0.40 -2.38%   SHASHADNIM 76.80   -1.10 -1.41%   SHURWID 11.80   0.30 2.61%   SHYAMPSUG 22.60   0.90 4.15%   SIBL   0.80   SIMTEX 27.10   -0.30 -1.09%   SINGERBD 205.00   2.20 1.08%   SINOBANGLA 28.60   -0.30 -1.04%   SONALIANSH 200.80   2.20 1.11%   SONARBAINS 19.90   -0.80 -3.86%   SONARGAON 12.50   0.80 6.84%   SOUTHEASTB 22.80   0.00 0.00%   SPCERAMICS 12.70   -0.10 -0.78%   SPCL   1.80   SQUARETEXT 71.60   -0.20 -0.28%   SQURPHARMA 260.80   -0.40 -0.15%   STANCERAM 53.00   1.20 2.32%   STANDARINS 18.80   -1.40 -6.93%   STANDBANKL 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   STYLECRAFT 1350.00   49.10 3.77%   SUMITPOWER 43.10   -1.50 -3.36%   SUNLIFEINS 24.00   -0.10 -0.41%   TAKAFULINS 21.60   -0.70 -3.14%   TALLUSPIN 11.20   0.00 0.00%   TITASGAS 52.40   0.20 0.38%   TOSRIFA 21.70   -0.60 -2.69%   TRUSTB1MF 7.70   -0.10 -1.28%   TRUSTBANK 26.10   -0.70 -2.61%   TUNGHAI 14.30   -0.40 -2.72%   UCB   -0.50   UNIONCAP 25.00   -0.40 -1.57%   UNIQUEHRL 57.20   -1.30 -2.22%   UNITEDAIR 7.10   0.30 4.41%   UNITEDFIN 26.50   0.50 1.92%   UNITEDINS 33.60   -0.10 -0.30%   UPGDCL 153.50   3.20 2.13%   USMANIAGL 88.00   -0.40 -0.45%   UTTARABANK 28.60   0.10 0.35%   UTTARAFIN 71.00   -1.70 -2.34%   VAMLBDMF1 9.50   0.20 2.15%   VAMLRBBF 9.40   -0.10 -1.05%   WATACHEM 174.00   5.60 3.33%   WMSHIPYARD 33.00   -0.40 -1.20%   YPL   -0.60   ZAHEENSPIN 23.00   -0.40 -1.71%   ZAHINTEX 22.30   -0.50 -2.19%   ZEALBANGLA 30.50   -2.30 -7.01%   Latest News RUET students go on strike over new credit system Ensure transparency in financial institutions: President Investors in India brace for less friendly budget Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners Power connection to businesses in 28 days Eyebrow-raising Student killed in school compound Border tax could favour Gulf oil Robbers loot valuables from house  Two fire victims die at CMCH Actor John Hurt dies at 77 TIME - 03:39 pm National Ensure transparency in financial institutions: President Economy Investors in India brace for less friendly budget World Trump suspends refugee program Stock US stocks edge lower Power connection to businesses in 28 days TOP NEWS Eyebrow-raising Border tax could favour Gulf oil Student killed in school compound Two fire victims die at CMCH SOEs' debt to govt piles up Don’t interfere in EC: Quader to foreigners NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released Hawkers take to 'mechanical tricks' to dodge eviction drives ‘Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy’ RUET students go on strike over new credit system January 28, 2017, 3:31 pm Students of Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology (RUET) went on an indefinite strike on Saturday demanding cancellation of newly adopted examination system. The students of 2013-14, 2014-15 and 2015-16 sessions observed a sit-in programme in front of Shaheed Minar on Read more Robbers loot valuables from house  January 28, 2017, 12:39 pm Robbers looted valuables including cash and gold from a house at Mandalpara in Saturia upazila of Manikganj district on Saturday. Golam Mostafa, assistant sub-inspector of Saturia Police Station, said a gang of robbers numbering 10-12 swooped on the house of grocery Read more Economy US GDP growth slows to 1.9pc in Q4 US economic growth slowed sharply in the fourth quarter, the Commerce Department said Friday. The economy grew at a 3.5 per cent annual rate in the third quarter. The Gross Domestic Japan core consumer prices fall in Dec January 27, 2017, 10:52 am Remittance $701.62m in first 20 days of 2017 January 27, 2017, 6:29 pm B'desh hosts Asia Pacific Business Forum Feb 08-09 January 27, 2017, 12:18 am Probe into Yunus' tax benefits January 26, 2017, 3:25 pm India still plans expansive budget January 26, 2017, 1:53 pm Finance Move to inject Tk 8.0b into microcredit sector The Microcredit Regulatory Authority (MRA) has taken a move to inject around Tk 8 billion in cash into the country's microcredit sector. It took the move to inject the money by cutting microfinance institutions' (MFIs) deposit funds from 15 per cent Tax-evading import up to 15pc BIDA’s act to woo investors awaits parliament approval NBR nets addl Tk 10b revenue Budget review body meeting today Editorial Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Manpower shortage at state-run BRTC The focus directed on one of the afflictions besetting the Op-Ed Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Job-stealing robots -- a growing concern Over the last decade open markets and global trade have Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Change is a constant; why not unpredictability? Spinning a top on the palm mirrors the green field Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Need for re-imagining regional cooperation Comprised of Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, the Maldives, Nepal, Pakistan, Stock Stocks end higher for 13 straight weeks Stocks finished higher for the 13 consecutive weeks that ended on Thursday as investors continued their buying spree on large-cap Asian shares drift mostly higher US stocks end flat Stocks end flat after bumpy ride Stocks flatten as investors' participation thins out NZ shares end at three-month high Nikkei surges to two-week high SE Asian stocks steady in thin trading Asian shares advance National RAB nab two Huji suspects  Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) personnel nabbed two suspected members of Harkat-ul-Jihad Bangladesh (Huji) from Karpashdanga village in Damurhuda upazila of Chuadanga district on Saturday. The arrestees were identified as Abdullah Al Mamun and Rakibul Islam, according to UNB report. Major Monir Ahmmed, company commander of Jhenidah RAB-6, said acting on a tip-off, the elite force conducted a raid at the village in Man killed by ‘wife’ in Laxmipur Search committee meets today BD moves two notches up in democracy index PM visits Tungipara on rickshaw van EC search panel controversial: BNP Road crash kills two; injures 25 Schoolgirl found dead in home Eight suffer burns in oil tanker blast Trade and Market Mexico border tax would hit US agricultural imports  The 20 per cent tax on imports floated by the Trump administration would affect a wide range of agricultural goods. Mexico exported $21 billion of food and drink north of the border in 2015, according to data from the US Department of Agriculture. •    Fresh vegetables -- The US imported from Mexico $4.84 billion of tomatoes, onions, chili peppers and other Wrapping-up rush at DITF Seven BD entities win SAFA awards Tofail asks India to lift anti-dumping taxes, trade barriers  Syria's million-tonne Russian wheat pact in jeopardy EU imposes steel anti-dumping duty on China, Taiwan Casino Moguls eye Japan Tata Steel's UK pensions trustee warns deficit to surge Alibaba buys MoneyGram for $880m World Wall destroys lives, says Berlin mayor Berlin Mayor Michael Mueller has urged US President Donald Trump "not to go down the road of isolation" with his planned border wall with Mexico. Mr Mueller warned such divides cause "slavery and pain" and would "destroy the lives of millions". The German city was divided by the Berlin Wall from 1961 to 1989. Mr Mueller's statement came as Mr Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto agreed to "work out their differences" over the issue. The planned wall was one of Mr Trump's ... May in White House for talks with Trump  Trump favours nuclear option if SC pick gets blocked Al-Shabab claims to have killed dozens of Kenyan troops Sci-tech Alphabet sees strong revenue rise Google parent Alphabet Inc posted fourth-quarter profit below analysts' estimates on Thursday, hurt by a higher tax rate, but analysts cheered the company's progress in diversifying its business beyond advertising. While advertising still accounts for the lion's share of Google's revenue, rising 17.4 per cent to $22.4 billion in the quarter, Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat underscored that the company is broadening its business - pointing to growth in hardware, app sales and the cloud business, reports Reuters. The company's other ... India plans to re-measure Mount Everest Light to moderate fog likely Faulty batteries caused Note 7 fiasco: Samsung Education DU faculty members, officials can fly with Emirates on discounted fares Emirates, one of the leading airlines in the world, has signed a corporate deal with University of Dhaka, to give No quarter if found responsible for textbook errors: minister 1,100 USTC med students' fate uncertain New role for Momtaz Sports Quasem Cup Golf Tournament begins in Rangpur RANGPUR, Jan 27 (BSS): The three-day "Quasem Cup Golf Tournament-2017" kicked off this morning on the Golf Ground of Rangpur Cantonment here in the city. The Quasem Group of Industries has been sponsoring the tournament being organised by Rangpur Golf Club (RGC), said a press release. More than 100 contestants, including males, females, junior and sub-junior golfers from different golf clubs of the country, have been participating in the gents, ladies, junior and sub-junior groups of the tournament. Rangpur Area Commander, General Officer ... Two sisters add another chapter to tennis’ greatest sibling rivalry today Nadal to meet Federer in another Grand Slam final Man Utd into Cup final despite loss Health BDRCS must ensure quality humanitarian assistances: President President Abdul Hamid Thursday asked the Bangladesh Red Crescent Society (BDRCS) to ensure humanitarian assistances at different times including the natural disasters. "Bangladesh Red Crescent Society plays a very significant role in humanitarian services . . . I hope that the new committee would gear up its activities in the days coming ahead with more effectively," he said.  Hamid said it to the new office-bearers of the BRDCS who called on the President at Bangabhaban. President's Press Secretary Joynal Abedin informed reporters that ... Brazil yellow fever outbreak kills 40 Bangladesh finds two bird flu cases Nasim asks 2 hospitals to form probe bodies over irregularities Entertainment Actor John Hurt dies at 77 The versatile actor Sir John Hurt, who could move audiences to tears in "The Elephant Man," terrify them in "Alien," I am not ready for marriage: Deepika Shia LaBeouf arrested at Anti-Trump protest Scarlett Johansson and husband split  Politics Nat’l committee to stage sit-in on Feb 25 National Committee to Protect Oil-Gas, Mineral Resources and Port-Power announced fresh action programmes, including sit-in on streets, on February 25 across the country as part of their campaign against setting up of Rampal power plant near the Sundarbans. The committee will also stage demonstrations across the country on January 28 in protest against the ‘police action’ on the committee's strike procession at Shahbagh area, reports UNB. Besides, it will hold a rally in Khulna on March 11 to express solidarity with the ... No rattles of weapons on campuses: PM Khaleda sued for ‘defamatory statement’ about Bangabandhu Bangabhaban readies before forming EC search panel Country Heroin worth 2 million seized in Rajshahi Members of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) recovered 1kg of heroin worth TK 2.0 million in 'C and B' intersection area of Godagari upazila under Rajshahi on Friday afternoon. According to a press release, a patrol team of BGB led by subedar Rezaul Karim, commander of Godagari border outpost, conducted a drive in the area around 4.30pm and seized heroin in an abandoned condition, reports UNB.  Sensing the presence of the BGB personnel, the drug peddlers fled and none was arrested in this ... Rajshahi police arrests doctor's wife with stolen newborn Road crash kills two; injures 25 Schoolgirl found dead in home PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina is responding to a question from member of the parliaments in the Jatiya Sangsad on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo Bangladesh Chhatra League (BCL) leaders greet Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina with flowers at a views-exchange meeting at Ganabhaban. –UNB Photo President Abdul Hamid, along with some female officials of Bangladesh Police, poses for photo session at a function on Wednesday at Bangabhaban on the occasion of the Police Week 2017. –Focus Bangla Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo Hundreds of people attend the first namaz-e-janaza of Mirza Ali Behrouze Ispahani, a leading industrial conglomerate of the country after Asr prayer at Gulshan Azad Mosque on Monday. Behrouze Ispahani was the managing director of the International Publications Limited, the owning company of The Financial Express. –FE Photo more news Search committee meets today January 28, 2017, 12:12 am BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am Seven BD entities win SAFA awards January 27, 2017, 10:40 pm Belgium, France, Netherlands to introduce rail ID checks January 27, 2017, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 84 ISSUES DECLINED 161 Most popular SOEs' debt to govt piles up January 28, 2017, 12:15 am Power connection to businesses in 28 days January 28, 2017, 1:55 pm BD moves two notches up in democracy index January 28, 2017, 12:08 am NBR to make available ECRs to businesses at cost price January 28, 2017, 12:14 am Keep pry level up to class V revising education policy January 28, 2017, 12:09 am Barapukuria coalmine MD stand-released January 28, 2017, 12:13 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ICB 155.00 170.50 157.00 170.50 10.00 IBNSINA 249.90 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.72 ACI 445.10 484.00 445.40 483.20 8.56 SAIFPOWER 64.10 69.90 64.10 68.90 7.49 PHOENIXFIN 32.70 35.90 32.60 35.10 7.34 RSRMSTEEL 72.90 79.90 71.90 78.20 7.27 ACIFORMULA 170.10 181.00 169.00 179.50 5.53 BSC 561.90 599.00 569.00 592.20 5.39 FINEFOODS 25.00 26.70 24.80 26.30 5.20 PADMAOIL 220.70 234.30 222.10 231.60 4.94 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation IBNSINA 250.00 271.70 248.20 271.70 8.68 SAIFPOWER 64.30 69.90 64.10 69.80 8.55 ICB 157.10 170.50 157.00 170.50 8.53 RSRMSTEEL 72.10 79.90 71.90 78.00 8.18 ACI 448.00 484.00 445.40 484.00 8.04 UNITEDINS 31.80 33.90 31.80 33.60 5.66 ACIFORMULA 171.10 181.00 169.00 180.50 5.49 BXPHARMA 87.90 93.00 87.50 92.60 5.35 PADMAOIL 222.10 234.30 222.10 233.20 5.00 ATCSLGF 10.30 10.80 10.30 10.80 4.85 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG SAVAREFR 70.00 66.00 65.00 65.30 -6.71 STANDARINS 20.20 19.50 18.50 18.90 -6.44 AAMRATECH 35.50 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.20 KDSALTD 80.70 81.80 74.50 75.90 -5.95 RELIANCE1 11.10 11.20 10.50 10.50 -5.41 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.80 -5.39 CITYGENINS 20.80 20.90 19.50 19.80 -4.81 GHAIL 48.60 50.00 46.00 46.30 -4.73 NCCBLMF1 8.80 8.80 8.40 8.40 -4.55 PUBALIBANK 29.20 29.40 27.50 27.90 -4.45 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ZEALBANGLA 32.80 32.80 30.50 30.50 -7.01 CITYGENINS 20.90 20.90 19.50 19.50 -6.70 RUPALIINS 24.10 24.20 22.50 22.50 -6.64 AAMRATECH 35.60 36.00 32.00 33.30 -6.46 PURABIGEN 20.80 20.80 19.30 19.50 -6.25 PREMIERLEA 14.40 14.60 13.50 13.50 -6.25 REPUBLIC 27.50 27.50 25.70 25.80 -6.18 HAKKANIPUL 49.20 49.20 46.20 46.20 -6.10 RAHIMAFOOD 122.90 122.90 115.20 116.20 -5.45 SAIHAMCOT 18.50 18.50 17.40 17.50 -5.41 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad FOREX-Dollar touches 7-week low on worry over US protectionism By Reuters Published: 22:58 EST, 25 January 2017 | Updated: 22:58 EST, 25 January 2017 e-mail By Yuzuha Oka TOKYO, Jan 26 (Reuters) - The dollar slumped to seven-week lows on Thursday, pressured by investors' concerns about U.S. protectionism after President Donald Trump gave the go-ahead to construction of a U.S.-Mexican border wall and prepared to impose some immigration curbs. The dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of major currencies, was last down 0.1 percent at 99.886. It dipped to 99.793 earlier in the day, its lowest level since Dec. 8. The dollar was generally weaker despite a rally on Wall Street, where the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed atop the 20,000 mark for the first time. Trump has made several business-friendly decisions since taking office on Friday, including signing executive orders to reduce regulatory burdens on domestic manufacturers and clearing the way for the construction of two oil pipelines. However, the president's broad but divisive plans to reshape U.S. immigration and national security policy rattled some investors, partly because the U.S. needs foreign capital to finance its large current account deficit. Trump on Wednesday ordered construction of a U.S.-Mexican border wall and punishment for cities shielding illegal immigrants, and he also mulled restoring a CIA secret detention program. "Amid concerns over Trump's protectionism, the correlation between U.S. Treasury yields and the dollar has gotten weaker," said Junya Tanase, chief currency strategist at JPMorgan Chase Bank. The dollar last stood at 113.38 yen against the yen, nearly flat on the day and not far from a two-month low of 112.52 yen touched on Tuesday, even as U.S. Treasuries yields stayed near four-week highs. The U.S. benchmark 10-year Treasury yield last stood at 2.523 percent, close to a 4-week high of 2.538 percent hit on Wednesday. "It's similar to the U.S.-Japan trade conflicts in 1990s. Back then, the dollar was weak despite the high U.S. interest rates. The dollar would remain weak if Trump pushes his protectionist rhetoric," said JPMorgan Chase's Tanase. On immigration policy, Trump is expected to sign an executive order in the coming days to block the entry of refugees from war-torn Syria and suspend the entry of any immigrants from Muslim-majority Middle Eastern and African countries while permanent rules are studied. However, some analysts are sceptical as to what extent Trump would back up his protectionist remarks with action. "It is highly doubtful whether Trump would go ahead with a large-scale immigration ban to an extent that would affect the markets in a long term," said Masashi Murata, senior currency strategist at Brown Brothers Harriman. "Trump would keep his strong rhetoric from his candidate days to assure his followers, but he has not detailed the actual action plans. His policy won't be a straight-forward protectionism, considering his positive comments on the strong Mexican economy," added Murata. Mexico's peso strengthened to a three-week high of 20.9300 peso on Wednesday as Trump said the country's economic future was important to the United States. The currency last stood at 21.0835 pesos per dollar. Sterling was last up 0.1 percent at $1.2648, its highest peak in six weeks. The pound was helped by expectations for a rapid trade deal between Britain and the United States, which Prime Minister Theresa May said on Wednesday would "put UK interests and UK values first." May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new U.S. president, and trade is expected to dominate their first talks on Friday. Hopes for a clarity over the Brexit plan also pushed the pound. Britain said it would publish draft legislation on Thursday seeking parliament's approval to begin formal divorce talks with the European Union as May agreed to lawmakers' demands to publish her Brexit plan. The euro was last up 0.1 percent at $1.0762 against the dollar, slightly below Tuesday's seven-week high of $1.0775. (Reporting by Yuzuha Oka; Editing by Shri Navaratnam and Richard Borsuk) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hollywood legend John Hurt dead: Two-time Oscar nominee and Elephant Man actor passes away aged 77 after battling cancer and suffering intestinal complaint Stylish jet setter Amal Clooney wears baggy jumper as she touches down in LA in with George amid baby rumours PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tour of love! Smitten Selena Gomez and The Weeknd can't keep their hands to themselves on romantic trip to Italy 'They're getting nasty': Speidi slam Jedward for 'mean' behaviour as they get evicted from Celebrity Big Brother The former Hills stars have got the boot Bombshell in black and white! Emily Ratajkowski shows off her cleavage in strapless gown for Harper's Bazaar celebration Va va voom! Kendall Jenner sizzles in sheer black gown with thigh-high slit as she leads the stars at Harper's Bazaar event Looking gorgeous Leggy blonde! Kate Upton flaunts her endless lean limbs in lace mini skirt at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala 'I'm still in shock': Drew Barrymore confesses she's 'not ready' to begin dating...five months after officially divorcing Will Kopelman Looking booty-ful! Kylie Jenner shows off her bikini body as she poses in the mirror on family trip to Costa Rica It's certainly not the usual family-friendly activity. Mischa Barton says she was drugged while having birthday drinks before meltdown that left her 'screaming about the end of the world, Ziggy Stardust and her mom being a witch' Bombshell in Balmain! Alessandra Ambrosio smoulders at Harper's Bazaar bash at Sunset Tower Hotel She's joined 'The Supers' One of the 'best dressed women in the world': Miranda Kerr stuns on the red carpet of Harper's Bazaar 150 Most Fashionable Women event in LA Three's a crowd! Charlotte Dawson rocks risqué mini dress as she enjoys date night with beau Matt Sarsfield... and her mother Tracey Bella Hadid looks chic on solo outing in New York... as her ex The Weekend whisks Selena Gomez off to Italy for romantic holiday Shows a brave face Wing woman! Nicole Richie wows with black off-the-shoulder dress and wild flared lashes at Harper's Bazaar event in Los Angeles A vision in velvet! Pregnant Ciara shows off her growing baby bump in an off-the-shoulder black gown for Harper's Bazaar event Bump on display Nothing to hide! Paris Jackson showcases nipple-piercings as she goes braless in Los Angeles Laid back look Demi Moore and daughters Tallulah and Scout Willis make for a trio of fashionistas at Harper's Bazaar event Triple fun Fabulous in her fifties! Salma Hayek stuns in intricate patterned number at Harper's Bazaar celebration in LA Indian style Gal pals Kristen Stewart and Chloe Grace Moretz spend THIRD day in a row together at gym in LA Gruelling workout She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session She's got the Midas touch! Rita Ora takes the plunge in super low-cut top for night out in LA Turned some heads DJ Khaled, John Legend, and Luke Bryan announced as new advisors on The Voice alongside Celine Dion Helping prospects to the top  All that glitters! Julianne Hough bares cleavage in sparkling Zuhair Murad outfit at Harper's BAZAAR 150 Most Fashionable Women event Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall rocks a baggy T-shirt and thigh-high boots as she hits the town for girls' night out Gal pals Casey Batchelor flaunts her eye-popping assets in plunging blue shirt and skinny jeans as she steps out for dinner in London Sizzling in stripes! Chanel Iman looks ravishing in business chic at Harper's Bazaar party Professional chic Sheer delight! Ireland Baldwin takes the plunge in a see-through low-cut black gown at Harper's Bazaar bash Plunging Anne Hathaway is movie star chic in all black ensemble with dark shades and bold red lip as she steps out in NYC Ever the A-lister Welcome to Pippa's wedding of the year: A marquee for 350 in mum and dad's back garden. A Caribbean honeymoon BEFORE the big day. And a spectacularly naughty best man 'I bet they won't be able to say these things to his face': Katie Price challenges troll who branded disabled son Harvey, 14, a 'c***'... and will take the case to Parliament Is there a CBB baby on the way? Newly evicted Speidi reported to have 'requested a pregnancy test on the show' Housemate 'believed' they are expecting Bra-vo! Heidi Klum puts on an eye-popping display as she ditches a blouse and opts for a plunging blazer at Harper's Bazaar gala Left little to imagination Quirk it! Melissa George, 40, flaunts shapely pins in bold silver mini dress complete with hot-pink sleeves as she attends awards gala in Paris 'One happy Mumma!' Laura Csortan, 40, treats herself to a luxury spa day as her mother looks after newborn baby Layla Rose Bumping beauty! Pregnant Lake Bell turns up with husband Scott Campbell to Harper's Bazaar party in LA Hilary Duff goes effortlessly chic in double-breasted black pantsuit set at star-studded Harper's Bazaar gala No time for jet lag! Alessandra Ambrosio hits the gym in Victoria's Secret gym gear... just a day after flying from Paris to LA 'Can't wait for Bali': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts pert derrière and MAJOR sideboob as she stands provocatively under a shower 'Summer Is Coming': Kelly Rohrbach sizzles and Priyanka Chopra chills in steamy 'moving posters' for upcoming Baywatch film 'What a journey': Michelle Keegan shares glamorous selfies from Tina and Bobby set on Instagram... as the final episode is praised by fans 'He's got depth': Jessica Cunningham gushes about 'charming' Calum Best after they share a sweet smooch before she is evicted from CBB Red alert! Victoria Justice and Elle Fanning stand out in scarlet at the Harper's Bazaar celebration The 'Oh yeah' song from 'Ferris Bueller's Day Off' made its one-hit-wonder writer filthy rich - but he has never even SEEN the movie Made $175million Fresh face: Reese Witherspoon looks radiant after treating herself to retail therapy at skin care store SPOILER ALERT! Wannabe Tanya Lacey attempts to wow the judges with a performance of a Whitney Houston song on The Voice 'It stems from insecurities in her own marriage': Danielle Lloyd takes ANOTHER swipe at Nicola McLean as she calls her behaviour in the CBB house 'really sad' 'I was never cool but I'm having the last laugh': Donny Osmond tells how he resisted drugs, booze and the temptations of Sin City - but not Botox and hair dye Bad hair day! Paula Patton has trouble with her locks after bombshell allegations about Robin Thicke having an affair as she fights for sole custody  CBB's James Jordan takes aims at Bianca Gascoigne and Jamie O'Hara's 'showmance' on Twitter while Jessica Cunningham remains tight-lipped  A hat trick of stars! Alyssa Milano, Jon Hamm and Michael J. Fox shine at NHL 100 Gala Game night She's clearly a fan! Michelle Rodriguez steps out in a Rolling Stones T-shirt with grey leggings for gym session Oh Balls! Former MP Ed gets kicked in the FACE onstage by partner Katya Jones during Strictly tour performance in Sheffield Cool customer! EJ Johnson rocks hot pink varsity jacket and Daisy Dukes for spot of shopping  Whole new level Paula Patton and Robin Thicke's girlfriend April Love Geary meet in a Malibu parking lot where the pair appear to communicate through a mediator amid custody battle Are roo thirsty? Wine-drinking kangaroo stars alongside bikini-clad model Ellie Gonsalves in $5MILLION Super Bowl ad for Australian wine Their love is fantastic! Newly-engaged Kate Mara and Jamie Bell beam while hand-in-hand on outing in LA Happy couple SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley poses for favourite photographer, son Damian, 14, in a £152 blue crystal bikini 'Isn't it the most beautiful thing you've ever seen': Shirtless Jason Dundas hits the Bronte Beach rockpool after flying in from L.A. for David Jones show 'I was breastfeeding in the interviews': Teresa Palmer praises film industry for being 'so accommodating' as she returns to work just weeks after giving birth  Turning the tables! Sofia Richie rocks pink jacket as she practises photography skills while out and about in LA Took a turn at the other end of the camera  Fragile Megan McKenna lashes out at trolls on Twitter after sharing sultry snaps... following her very public NTAs row with TOWIE beau Pete Wicks It's Freaky Friday! Lindsay Lohan meets with Turkish President Erdogan, his wife and a Syrian girl blogger to discuss 'efforts in helping refugees' Buxom Pamela Anderson,49, rolls back the years as she shows off her famous cleavage in plunging party dress at Paris bash 'It gets so much worse': RHOA's Kandi Burruss hits back at co-star Porsha Williams over threesome and lesbian rumours  Pretty in pattern! Jordana Brewster cuts a stylish figure in a navy and white dress for shopping outing with her son Rowan in Beverly Hills 'Drinking a lot of beer and eating a lot of cheeseburgers': Matthew McConaughey talks weight gain for new role as he transforms his body AGAIN  Revealed: Carrie Fisher wanted ex-lover and long-time friend Harrison Ford to sing Melancholy Wookiee at her Oscars tribute Great sense of humour Riddle of the ring! Eva Mendes steps out wearing an impressive piece of bling after claims she and Ryan Gosling have secretly wed Leggy blonde! Courtney Stodden steps out in platform heels and barely there shorts for lunch in Beverly Hills Australia Day USA! Hunky Australian chef Curtis Stone drops by Hollywood Today Live to promote American series of My Kitchen Rules David Foster rejected offer to perform at President Trump's inauguration after taking heat from new girlfriend Christie Brinkley for considering the invite EXCLUSIVE: 'Even before the show went to air I've been seeing someone': The Bachelorette's Sam Johnston CONFIRMS new romance... You look a bit of a plonker in that, Rodders! Rock star Stewart's new look is a little more Del Boy chic, as the French say, than millionaire crooner 'See you in one week': Ariana Grande shares sultry mirror selfie to plug upcoming Dangerous Woman tour Posed for a black-and-white mirror selfie Bikini babe Kourtney Kardashian flaunts killer figure in tiny white two-piece as she enjoys family getaway in Costa Rica  Lily Collins flashes her six-pack abs in an exercise bra and low-rise leggings as she leaves gym Spotted after a strenuous work out in Beverly Hills Scott Disick wheedles his way back into the Kardashian clan to join Kourtney in Costa Rica... and posts a saucy snap of her online Home, sweet home! Jon Hamm steps out in sweats to grab an icy drink with a female companion in LA after his latest film premieres at Sundance  TOWIE's Kate Wright confirms she is not jetting to Tenerife to film start of the new series... amid rumours of her romance with footballer Rio Ferdinand She's beautiful she even gets prisoners freed from Death Row - and she's engaged! She's the trainee lawyer played by Harry's girl Meghan Markle in Suits Paula Patton claims she found husband Robin Thicke naked in bed with two women, details how he abused her and says he even invited his DRUG DEALER to their son's birthday Revealed: Alan Thicke picked brother over son Robin to care for then-minor son Carter in 2007  Canadian entertainer died last month Former X Factor finalist Lucie Jones breaks down in tears of joy as she's picked to represent the United Kingdom at Eurovision 2017 PICTURED: Selena Gomez and The Weeknd caught holding hands on romantic date at arcade Sometimes playing games is good for a new relationship The couple that works together: Alanis Morissette and husband Mario 'Souleye' Treadway team up for wintry Snow Angel music video Todd Fisher announces joint public memorial service for sister Carrie and mother Debbie Reynolds Fit for a king (or queen)! Pregnant Cheryl and Liam Payne get baby delivery from the Royal Family's favourite pram company Baby's coming soon... PICTURED: Distraught Megan McKenna leaves the NTAs in floods of tears after explosive row with TOWIE boyfriend Pete Wicks Floods of tears Bianca Gascoigne's boyfriend CJ Meeks is left heartbroken as he reads about his love's steamy CBB antics with Jamie O'Hara on MailOnline Model life! Elsa Hosk flashes her bikini body as she poses up a storm at the beach... and posts it all on Instagram Looking hotter than ever in a sultry swimsuit. Red hot Jenna Dewan Tatum shares behind the scenes footage from her dressing room on Snapchat Not easy getting red carpet ready  'This a** is all real!': Brielle Biermann fiercely defends alleged plastic surgery rumours on her shapely rear Vented her frustrations during a Snapchat video Gigi Hadid flashes a hint of cleavage in a perilously thin polo shirt as she showcases her sartorial swagger in a chic ensemble in New York  Ant & Dec are joined by supportive wives Lisa Armstrong and Ali Astall as they receive their OBEs for services to television at Buckingham Palace Bianca Gascoigne sets pulses racing as she flaunts her eye-popping cleavage and sensational curves in skimpy swimwear for calendar shoot Made In Chelsea's Binky Felstead hides her growing baby bump in saucy thigh-grazing camouflage T-shirt from her collection, exhibiting her slender legs 'Her links with Sue made it easy': Anna Richardson 'turned down role on Great British Bake Off over show favourite and girlfriend Perkins' SPOILER ALERT: Corrie's Steve McDonald races to the registry office as Leanne Battersby fills in their baby's birth certificate... but will he be listed as the father? 'Not long to go now little angel': Rachael Finch cradles bare baby bump and reveals two boys names have been chosen as due date nears SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I plotted to behead Duke of Manchester, says Australian model ex-wife in extraordinary disclosure  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Make-up free Perrie Edwards looks glum as she takes dog Hatchi for a walk... amid rumours of a split with Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain 'You can only fall out with someone you love': Ewan McGregor looks back at his bitter 17-year dispute with T2 Trainspotting director Danny Boyle  'I had let myself go due to personal circumstances': Drew Barrymore admits she lost 20lbs for her new show after split from Will Kopelman She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculately organised pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including Kettle Chips and popcorn) 39 weeks and counting! Jessa Duggar shares side-by-side baby bump comparison in second pregnancy Due to deliver her second child in weeks  'My angel in heaven': Bobby Brown pays tribute to his late daughter Bobbi Kristina in a bomber jacket with her image on the back 'He's a pathological liar!' Richard Keys' wife blasts the ex-Sky pundit as he renews his affair with their daughter's 27-year-old lawyer friend with trysts at five-star hotel  REVEALED: Photographer Kendall Jenner takes a turn behind the lens as she shoots stunning image of Kaia Gerber, 15, for cover of Love magazine 'G'day from the Philippines!' Miss Universe hopeful Caris Tiivel flashes a hint of thigh in skimpy lace nightgown as she prepares for beauty pageant 'I was called a s***!' Charlotte McKinney reveals her bullying torment over large breasts... and why she is even considering a reduction 'There was no plan, I just lived like him': Matthew McConaughey reveals it took him SIX months of excess to put on more than THREE STONE for new film Gold Aloha! Mother-of-one Amber Rose showcases her eye-popping curves in tiny bikini while relaxing in Hawaii hotel  Shearling delight! Bethenny Frankel bundles up in sheepskin with her daughter Bryn Gone from being Nicky Hilton's nanny to a  Real Housewife  Amanda Warren set to guest star on This Is Us after signing up to play William Hill's mother Show focused on fight with cancer. Joanna Krupa wins permission to 'dig into Brandi Glanville's finances'... after she's ordered to share gynecological records in 'smelly' defamation case Make-up free Melissa McCarthy bundles up on set of her latest film project Can You Ever Forgive Me? in New York City This funny lady is back Somebody Alp me! Josie Gibson takes ANOTHER tumble on the ski slopes as she continues to train for injury-ridden series The Jump Sex J-Education: CBB's Jedward shock housemates by talking about having sex on the kitchen table and teach Jamie O'Hara how to put a condom on a banana 'I didn't show him my picture for FIVE months': Ex EastEnders star Cheryl Fergison, 51, reveals she hid her identity from now husband Yassine, 30 Rihanna shows her humble side as she meets school pupils on Malawi charity trip Visit follows reports Madonna is to adopt in the country Carrie on Homeland: Claire Danes on why the show is good for her marriage and how her neighbourhood book club keeps her sane Life's just peachy! Rebecca Ferguson is the picture of elegance in pastel dress and coat as she promotes her new album in Liverpool Showing Aaron what he's missing! Lauren Pope flaunts her fabulous figure in black lingerie... after split from Geordie Shore star A sultry selfie  'I chose velvet knickerbockers over a suit!' David Beckham discusses his flamboyant fashion history in Desert Island Discs special In bed with Lea Michele! Star strips NAKED to slip between the sheets for latest racy Instagram snap Shared a raunchy photo of herself in bed Meet Lara Croft's dad! Dominic West signs on to play Lord Richard in Tomb Raider reboot starring Alicia Vikander The Affair star has signed on to film He's ripped! Joe Jonas endured 16 weeks of intense pro-athlete training to achieve defined abs and muscles Bam! Pow! Iconic Batman Returns costume worn by Michael Keaton sells at auction for $41,250 The black rubber bat suit stands at 6'5" tall 'Job hazard': Chrissy Teigen shares photograph of her legs covered in bruises... after getting injured while dancing Sore knees 'Zayn's asleep!': Taylor Swift complains about her very early start in behind the scenes peek on I Don't Wanna Live Forever video set 'A day with him and I get so tired my eyes start to itch!' Chloe Madeley on England rugby player beau James Haskell 'pushing himself too hard' 'First day of school v prom!' Taylor Swift fans go wild for sultry new look in I Don't Wanna Live Forever with Zayn Malik At her sexiest 'I'm alive... and I feel great!' Lamar Odom on life after rehab and his brush with death  The 37-year-old has been keeping busy since coming out of the facility The name's Ratajkowski... Lisa Ratajkowski! Big Brother star Appleton emulates DKNY model Emily as she walks her dog in bra and knickers 'You never really leave': Sherlock's Amanda Abbington hints return to the show opposite ex Martin Freeman is possible... despite being killed off Now that's a statement piece! Natalie Portman carries 'Make America Read Again' tote after calling out President Donald Trump at LA Women's March 'Shove it in your mouth!' Jamie O'Hara thrusts a cream-filled scone into Bianca Gascoigne's face as they clash in latest CBB challenge 'It's a wonderful thing to have closure': Uma Thurman wins primary custody of her daughter after a bitter legal battle with financier ex Arpad Busson Tamara Ecclestone displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and chic dress as she goes hand-in-hand with daughter Sophia Mummy-daughter day PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Is this the new line-up for C4's Great British Bake Off? Michel Roux Jr joins Paul Hollywood and even a Mary Berry lookalike at 'screen test' It's Ant OR Dec! Cheeky television presenters swap places for the first time during photo opportunity after being awarded OBEs This feels weird Elizabeth Hurley, 51, parades her incredible bikini body in TINY string two-piece as she holidays in India with son Damian, 14 Sexy Instagram snap  Good Morning America host Lara Spencer heats things up in primetime as she breaks for MULTIPLE makeout sessions during three-hour dinner date The Muse! Sharon Stone, 58, relaxes in her bikini as she paints watercolours in the pool while on 'retreat' She's inspired many over the year, too 'She made me re-evaluate how I see life': Russell Brand rocks grungy leather trousers for The One Show... as he gushes about his two-month-old daughter Mabel Multi-tasking mamma! Jennifer Garner catches up on calls as she juggles her bags after a busy school run in Los Angeles 'We're NOT engaged': GBBO winner Candice Brown denies her convicted drug dealer boyfriend has proposed but says they will definitely marry There's no hiding it now! Zooey Deschanel shows off her baby bump on set of New Girl despite being yet to confirm she is expecting her second child 'Blondes Rule!' Paris Hilton posts a nostalgic throwback picture with old pal Britney Spears It's a flashback of two iconic beauties!  Just a pair of ordinary teens! Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull look in good spirits as they join tube-goers for London rush-hour commute 'Slow down, you're drunk': CBB's Nicola McLean scolds Bianca Gascoigne after she puts on a very steamy display with Jamie O'Hara  Kelly Brook flashes her ample cleavage in colourful plunging leotard as she poses for busty calendar shot She commanded attention Lady Victoria Hervey puts on an eye-popping display as she attends pyjama party TOPLESS... covering her modesty in nothing but a pair of nipple tassels That made her morning! The Queen flashes a smile as she's greeted by topless men in traditional Fijian grass skirts at an exhibition in Norwich Bad hair day: Nicolas Cage disheveled look reveals his thinning locks at LAX Actor battles with baldness on Thursday Dream team! Celine Dion joins Gwen Stefani as her key adviser for season 12 of The Voice 'There's nobody like Celine. Everybody's going to be so mad ... that I got you.' Portrait of my lady! Evan Ross shows off his sketching skills with wife Ashlee Simpson as his model and muse He can act, sing, and also draw Royally good pals! Princess Eugenie embraces Hollywood star Felicity Jones as they unexpectedly bump into each other while shopping in London 'Backyard bum shots': Bikini-clad Skye Wheatley flaunts her pert derrière as former Big Brother star poses beside busty brunette friend A house to remember! Mandy Moore secretly buys unusual Mid-century modern home on the outskirts of Los Angeles for just under $2.6 million Ouch! Sarah Hyland hobbles around on crutches 'nursing an ankle injury' on set of Modern Family Performing through pain never looked so good.  Our little helpers! Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka's twins stir up something sweet in the kitchen Something for all the family Rachel Weisz wraps up warm as she shoots scenes in London as Rachel McAdams' lover for new movie Disobedience Remarkably relaxed  'I know what it feels like to be vulnerable': Charlie Webster reflects on her harrowing sexual abuse ordeal as she visits women's refuge for domestic violence  Bikini-clad Danielle Lloyd shows off her curves as she puts her troubles behind her in Dubai... after publicly slamming ex-husband Jamie O'Hara City chic! Bella Hadid shows off her flawless figure in a plunging mini dress as she hits the streets of Manhattan in a fierce new DKNY campaign 'Orlando Bloom is just chilling behind my house... WHAT': Actor's school visit sends teenagers into meltdown  What I go to school for First ladies first? Trump didn't wait for Melania at their car when they arrived at the White House to meet the Obama's... unlike Barack, George and Bill 'She's giving me a headache': Kelly Brook is slammed on Twitter for being too 'loud and hyper' following fashion segment on Lorraine  Didn't go down well Chloe Ferry bounces back from CBB eviction as she hits the town with Geordie Shore gal pals Charlotte Crosby and Sophie Kasaei Back on the toon Goodman gracious three! Ex On The Beach star Chloe oozes sex appeal in plunging red dress as she hits the town with sisters Lauryn and Amelia Fleeing the country? Scott Eastwood enjoys an escape to Fiji after threats of $300 fine for dangerous cliff diving After making headlines for a cliff dive  Rafa's secret weapon! The childhood sweetheart who almost NEVER goes on tour whose support has helped send Nadal to Australian Open Have Perrie Edwards and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain split already? Little Mix star DELETES her only Instagram snap of the footballer 'Whisper in her ear that it's okay to go': Carl Reiner reveals what he told actress Mary Tyler Moore's husband the day before she died  Time to go Making a splash! Selfie queen Karen Danczuk flaunts her curves in a VERY low cut swimsuit on Spain's Costa Blanca  Former Labour councillor 'I need to do what's best for my family!' Heather Dubrow reveals she's quitting Real Housewives after five seasons She's a TV veteran Mischa Barton taken to hospital for mental evaluation after neighbours found her 'screaming about end of the world and her mum being a witch'  EXCLUSIVE 'I attract toyboys!' Wild Lisa Appleton says she wants to bag a younger man during lively appearance on Lizzie Cundy's radio show Rita Ora falls victim to a gust of wind as she reveals her legs in extreme thigh-split skirt and cow-print fur jacket while leaving recording studio Hugh Jackman isn't perfect - there's video proof! Aussie triple threat hilariously fumbles classic cane twirl with face smacking results Lily Collins rocks casual workout gear as she gets her morning caffeine fix... after revealing she battled an eating disorder as a teen Back to business: Amy Adams puts on a brave face as she runs errands following VERY awkward Oscars snub The actress is still smiling Game, set and perfect match! Rafael Nadal shares a cuddle and passionate kiss with girlfriend Xisca Perello at Melbourne hotel before the tennis Got this covered! Heidi Klum looks lovely in layers as she heads to the on location set of Germany's Next Top Model Wrapping up warm He's got t-issues! Richard Madeley struggles to blow his own nose as he nurses a bandaged arm after shattering his elbow It's a rough time Who needs Kim? Jonathan Cheban enjoys a walk with Kardashian lookalike in London as his BFF heads to Costa Rica with Saint and North The playful Prince! Albert is poked by his adorable two-year-old son as he joins his wife and daughter on the balcony on Saint Devote Day in Monaco It's them or me! Amir Khan's 'paranoid' wife gives boxer a family ultimatum because she can't get over 'Michael Jackson' jibe and fears MORE sex tapes Jennifer Lopez, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she accidentally flashes her flesh-coloured bra in low-cut white dress at shoe collection launch '21 feels amazing!' AFL WAG Rebecca Judd thanks fans for the 'bday love' as she is gifted with large bouquet of flowers... before bonding with twins Well he is a Saint! Kim Kardashian can't stop kissing her son's cherubic cheeks as they join North onboard jet to Costa Rica... but Kanye isn't there! From slumdog to Hollywood: Incredible rags to riches story of Indian boy, 8, plucked from Mumbai ghetto to star in Nicole Kidman's Lion blockbuster Ex TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong parties with Kate Wright's new love interest Rio Ferdinand as former footballer reopens his Manchester restaurant Racy Kylie Jenner flashes major underboob as she exposes her lace bra and flat stomach in a cropped sweatshirt on night out with Tyga PICTURED: Proof Madonna IS trying to adopt four-year-old twin sisters in Malawi as she is seen leaving court... hours after she denied it  Larry Lamb channels notorious thief Brian Reader in dramatic new trailer for The Hatton Garden Job... based on real-life jewellery heist by ageing gang 'We need a DNA test...' Pregnant Rochelle Humes claims Chris Kamara could be the father of her unborn baby during playful interview  'Of course we're getting married!' GBBO winner Candice Brown's convicted drug dealer boyfriend CONFIRMS wedding plans Robin Thicke 'loses custody' of son Julian as judge issues 'restraining order blocking him from going near his child and ex-wife Paula Patton' Nicole Richie looks stylish in Beetlejuice inspired top and shaggy coat as she supports husband Joel Madden for latest music venture Perfect pair Eamonn Holmes, Davina McCall and Kirstie Allsopp rally behind Gary Lineker who said homework should be BANNED (and calling for a boycott day) Bella Thorne proudly shows off new piercing as she goes braless in tight top after boasting about nipple ring Sure to give a view of the area to her fans 'Baby, baby, I feel crazy': Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik trash luxurious hotel room in sizzling video for I Don't Wanna Live Forever At long last, it's landed Oh yes she (Ha)did! Braless Bella shares racy Instagram snap of her sheer crystal-studded gown from opulent Christian Dior masquerade ball Kourtney's son Reign, 2, sports cute man bun while Kardashian clan leave for Costa Rica (but Scott Disick was uninvited) Doting mom  She's usually flawless! Kris Jenner appeared windswept as hair sticks straight up while boarding private jet to Costa Rica Here comes mama Liza Minnelli digs up mother Judy Garland's remains and has them moved 3,000 miles from New York to Hollywood celebrity cemetery, 48 years after her death  'He's my escape from it all!' Faye Brookes credits boyfriend Gareth Gates following NTA win... as she admits there's extra pressure due to their schedules Playing without the boys! Josephine Skriver shows off her beach volleyball skills as Victoria's Secret models shoot sexy sporty set in Santa Monica 'She can't control her eye': Nicola McLean 'may need emergency corrective surgery after leaving Big Brother house' as new medical woes are revealed  Suddenly shy? Emily Ratajkowski covers up in a tight top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a dinner date at Catch LA  Uncharacteristically covered up Happy family! Mariah Carey's boyfriend Bryan Tanaka bonds with her children as the couple take them to gym class in LA  Seem to be serious 'Total lies': Shane Warne and ex-wife Simone Callahan blast magazine claims their daughter Brooke, 19, is a 'wild girl' who parties too hard She DOES eat crisps! Gwyneth Paltrow reveals her immaculate pantry containing some surprisingly normal snacks (including popcorn and pasta) 'A disgrace': President Trump blasts SNL writer for targeting his son Barron and calls Madonna 'disgusting' for talking about blowing up the White House Ivanka settles into DC life: First Daughter shares charming picture of her children playing at a local park after the family's move to Washington  'What I should've said': Ayda Field shares funny NTAs debrief video with husband Robbie Williams... after her awkward presenting moment fell flat Out and a pout! Katie Price displays alarmingly fuller lips just one day after demure NTAs appearance... before she's slapped with a parking ticket  Make-up free Kaley Cuoco shows off her natural beauty as she cuts a casual figure in baggy sweatshirt and jeans while enjoying some pamper time  From Page 3 girl to grown-up glamour: How Kelly Brook's astonishing wardrobe transformation has earned her an unlikely gig as a fashion editor Anna Wintour heads to Dolce & Gabbana show in Milan... amid claims feud with Alexandra Shulman could be to blame for her stepping down from British Vogue Paula Patton cast as protective mom in ABC summer series amid ongoing custody war with Robin Thicke ABC thriller called Somewhere Between 'We're completely in love!' Delighted Alex Jones, 39, reveals she's given birth to a baby boy as she announces the news live on The One Show 'They look like great tits!' Kate Garraway has to apologise to viewers after Ben Shephard gets naughty talking about 'chasing birds' on Good Morning Britain Glum Megan McKenna appears downcast during solo outing... just hours after 'she was left hysterical amid furious row with beau Pete Wicks at NTAs' Whitney survives the Walford bus crash and soon feels well enough to snog her father-in-law Mick (Danny Dyer) in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley  Kim Kardashian starts new trend as she shows off PIERCED nails (but it's only for the truly pampered) Not for everyone  'I can do whatever the fig I like!' Nadia Sawalha defends her actions after she was caught on camera swearing about Loose Women losing at NTAs to This Morning 'We went for it!': EastEnders' Emma Barton reveals soap's cast did lift a REAL double decker bus while filming controversial crash scene 'I'll be at the hotel!' Third Williams sister will NOT be going to Venus and Serena's Australian Open final - because she doesn't want to choose a side Seeing double! Rob Kardashian compares baby pictures of himself and daughter Dream on Instagram He's been nothing but adoring  Ben Price QUITS Coronation Street to spend more time with his family after seven years playing Nick Tilsley Hope she isn't fishing for compliments! Christina Milian wears hideous multicoloured gown to seafood restaurant in Los Angeles  Sarah Paulson is a fashionable flyer while touching down at LAX... as girlfriend Holland Taylor calls their relationship 'the most wonderful thing' Janet Jackson spotted out for first time since welcoming son Eissa just weeks ago as she shops at baby boutique in London A galaxy far, far away! Star Wars actor Ben Mendelsohn cast in Netflix film 'The Land of Steady Habits'... after wife Emma Forrest files for divorce 'Why are we on her mind so often?' Paris Jackson hits back at Wendy Williams after chat show host said she did not deserve Rolling Stone cover Is that you, Charlene? Kylie Minogue provides a throwback to Neighbours in retro overall outfit as she starts work on wedding and a name change Nothing casual about it! Gigi Hadid dons a sweat suit with a full face of make-up after  Maybelline photoshoot Heading back to her apartment in NYC Wait for us! Kylie Jenner holds King Cairo's hand as duo sprint to private jet for family trip to Costa Rica Playing stepmum She's a walking advert! Mary Berry totes her new recipe book as she arrives at the Radio 4 studios after taking a swipe at Paul Hollywood  Self-promotion He's got axes to grind! Jason Momoa carries multiple hatchets while heading to chat show in Hollywood Heading to a television appearance She's a beaming bride-to-be! Kate Mara smiles while out with doting fiance Jamie Bell in Beverly Hills Had the look of love on Thursday 'Baby, I'm so proud of you!' Gareth Gates performs an impromptu rap in celebration of girlfriend Faye Brookes' NTA win as they relax in bed together 'Don Draper would be dead': Jon Hamm doesn't think his Mad Men character would be alive today He'd be in his 80s by now Astonishing forgiveness of fallen TV star Rory's wife: She stands by McGrath despite his 14-month harassment of married lover who ended affair 'You talk so much b****cks!': CBB's Nicola McLean unleashes a scathing attack on Jedward as she labels them 'f***ing p***ks' . 'I'm feeling for you': CBB's Jamie O'Hara forgives love-interest Bianca Gascoigne as the pair kiss and make-up... after she lied about being single Ladies who lunch! Cara Santana and Jamie Chung don knit jumpers for meal at WeHo restaurant Have yet to collaborate onscreen Braless Sam Faiers slips into risqué gown to flaunt her perky assets... as she flashes 'PK' phone case in homage to beau Paul Knightley and baby son  Who needs Adrian? Rocky star Sylvester Stallone shows off elegant wife Jennifer Flavin at charity gala He will forever be known for his on-screen love  Oops she did it again! Britney Spears posts sexy lingerie snap just a day after almost breaking the internet by showing off her nether region tattoos Ben Affleck's passion project flop Live By Night results in $75 million loss for Warner Bros The gangster flick has not made a profit Rod Stewart borrows style tips from Only Fools And Horses as he channels Del Boy in shearling coat and flat cap while touching down in NYC Cheeky Anna Friel lauds Paddy McGuinness' hunky physique... as they transform into Rocky characters for new sketch show Bond babe Olga Kurylenko flashes her BARE BREASTS in raunchy caged jumpsuit as she leads sizzling stars at Paris Fashion Week gala dinner So Fancy! Charli XCX goes green in an ab-flashing cropped tee with matching tracksuit bottoms as she shows off her painting skills during radio appearance In the jeans! Julia Roberts keeps it casual in denim as she flashes a big smile with her son Finn, 12, in Malibu The 49-year-old enjoyed a relaxing day  Lottie Moss channels her inner zen at SAME Turkish retreat enjoyed by sister Kate before her infamous easyJet 'basic b***h' meltdown 'I'm good now': Khloe Kardashian helps Jill whose parents died as teen lose 30 pounds on Revenge Body Regained her personality Family business! Bella Hadid and brother Anwar pose up a storm in new Zadig & Voltaire ad campaign Working together for her latest modelling gig 'Practically twins': Beyonce's mom Tina Knowles shares sweet photo collage of super star and lookalike granddaughter Blue Ivy Posted on Instagram All that glitters! Aubrey Plaza wows in thigh-skimming sequined mini as she joins Mary Elizabeth Winstead at Legion premiere Walking the red carpet Dazzling Depp! Lily-Rose, 17, sparkles in a shimmering cropped catsuit as she lends her rising star power to Paris fashion charity bash Still got it! Melanie Griffith shows off taut legs as she steps out in West Hollywood with a male friend A stroll through the neighbourhood  Coldplay star Chris Martin shows off his cycling form as he goes for a ride in revealing shorts in Malibu  It is not every day you see Chris on a bike Another day, ANOTHER soiree! Jet-setter Pixie Lott takes the plunge in stunning black gown as she parties in Paris, 24 hours after NTAs 'I'll miss you Mair': Valerie Harper, 77, takes to Twitter and posts emotional tribute to co-star Mary Tyler Moore To remember her beloved late co-star  Mike Connors of Mannix fame dies aged 91 ONE WEEK after being diagnosed with leukemia His son-in-law Mike confirmed the news Pamela Anderson looks chic in a white playsuit with wide-brimmed hat for Paris sightseeing trip... a day after surprise visit to France's refugees Ashley James continues to flaunt her newly-slimmed down frame as she slips into a tight plunging yellow dress for night out on the town 'I'm a fitness Barbie': Khloe Kardashian displays her toned derriere in tiny bodysuit as she shares behind-the-scenes video from steamy shoot Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg New Year Bonanza to Lift Bets on Macau The world's biggest gambling hub emerges from the doldrums. by Adam Haigh @adhaigh More stories by Adam Haigh and Kana Nishizawa More stories by Kana Nishizawa January 25, 2017, 9:28 PM EST Investors are turning more positive about Macau following a two-year slump in the world's biggest gambling hub.  A sharper focus on the more profitable mass market is paying off for casino operators, while VIP punters are starting to return after their wings were clipped by Chinese President Xi Jinping's crackdown on corruption. Betting in Macau rose 10 percent last quarter to 60.4 billion patacas ($7.6 billion).  The signs of recovery are scaring away the bears.  Rattled by the recent slowdown, casinos and resorts in Macau looked to middle-class tourists to revive sales. Wynn Macau Ltd.'s new casino on the Cotai strip and Sands China Ltd.'s Parisian -- a hotel complex with a half-size replica of the Eiffel Tower -- are attracting crowds, while restrictions on cash machine withdrawals weren't as harsh as some had feared.  Macau is set for a further boost over the week-long Lunar New Year holiday, which this year starts on Jan. 27. This is usually peak season for visitors.  DS Kim, a Hong Kong-based analyst at JPMorgan Chase & Co., said booking trends for junkets and hotels are upbeat and might be on track to surpass the Golden Week holiday in October last year. "We stay bullish on the sector for genuine upturns in demand, profits and cash flows in 2017 and onward," he said.   Las Vegas Sands Corp. offered a note of caution when it kicked off casino earnings season in the U.S. on Wednesday. Results missed forecasts largely because of the success of punters at the newly launched Parisian in Macau, it said. In the earnings call, the company's president Rob Goldstein singled out one gambler in particular. "She wins every day and she is doing very well. And, she affected the numbers," he said. Over the past 12 months, returns on a Bloomberg gauge of casino stocks were almost three times higher than those of the Hang Seng Index. In January 2016, Wynn Macau's shares touched a record low and Sands China was trading at the lowest level since 2012. They’re up 84 percent and 52 percent from this time last year. Galaxy Entertainment Group Ltd., another industry leader, has jumped 72 percent.   Morningstar analyst Chelsey Tam said in a recent note that Macau's mass gaming revenue growth will peak at 15 percent in 2019, as the Chinese traveling population grows and the opening of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macau Bridge and light rail transit alleviate capacity constraints and help increase visitors. Growth will taper to high single digits through 2025, Tam said.  While valuations have come off November highs, when the Bloomberg Intelligence Macau Gaming index had a price-earnings multiple of 29, the highest since April 2010, the gauge is still trading at 25 times estimated earnings.  "It all comes down to valuation,'' said Angelamaria Hanlee, an analyst at China Merchants Securities (Hong Kong) Co.  "Although the long term growth looks pretty good, it's more like the market already knows about it so I don't think there is much room to improve.'' Risks to the recovery include a wider smoking ban in VIP gaming areas later this year and potential for Chinese government policies restricting capital outflows. "Capital flight controls from the continued depreciation of the yuan could limit VIP growth and junket operators' financing capabilities," said CICC Research, which is "cautiously optimistic" on the Macau gaming sector.   Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Warms to House Republicans’ Proposed Border-Adjusted Tax China’s Army of Global Homebuyers Is Suddenly Short on Cash Trump Greets U.K.'s May as World Leaders Look For Cues Dutch Regulator Accidentally Posts Soros’s Short Positions Scaramucci Scores Millions From Buyer With Mystery Investors Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 35 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it? Post to Facebook What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it?  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kteRS6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs What Is the Dow Jones Industrial Average? The Motley Fool Published 11:45 a.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 | Updated 8:52 p.m. ET Jan. 25, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share The Dow Jones industrial average closed above 20,000 points for the first time, the latest milestone in a record-setting drive for the stock market. (Jan. 25) AP Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed over the 20,000 mark for the first time after at the opening bell. (Photo: Andrew Gombert, EPA) The Dow is the most recognized stock index in the U.S., but what is it? The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA), often referred to as the "Dow Jones" or simply as "the Dow," is a price-weighted average of the stocks of 30 large American publicly traded companies. Created by Charles Dow in 1896, it is the most well-known U.S. stock index and is used to gauge the market's performance from day to day. What is a price-weighted index? In a nutshell, a price-weighted index means that higher-priced stocks have more influence over the index's performance than lower-priced ones. Consider a fictional index made up of just three stocks, with share prices of $10, $30, and $60. Since the highest-priced stock makes up 60% of the total combined value of the three, a 10% gain in that stock's price would raise the index by 6%. In contrast, a 10% gain in the lowest-priced stock would only result in a 1% rise in the index. In the case of the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the prices of all 30 stocks in the index are added together and then divided by the "Dow divisor," which changes over time due to stock splits and other events. The divisor is much less than one, which is why the value of the index is greater than the sum of the stock prices. The current "Dow 30" As of the most recent adjustments, which went into effect after the market's close on March 18, 2015, here are the 30 stocks that currently make up the DJIA, listed in alphabetical order. 3M American Express Apple Boeing Caterpillar Chevron Cisco Systems Coca-Cola E I du Pont de Nemours ExxonMobil General Electric Goldman Sachs Home Depot IBM Intel Johnson & Johnson JPMorgan Chase McDonald's Merck Microsoft Nike Pfizer Procter & Gamble Travelers UnitedHealth Group United Technologies Verizon Visa Wal-Mart Walt Disney It's worth noting that these components change frequently. Apple, Goldman Sachs, Nike, and Visa have all been added to the index within the past three years. Also, only one of the Dow's original 12 components (General Electric) from 1896 remains on the index today. Drawbacks of the DJIA Although it's the top number you see when you look at any stock market coverage, there are some shortcomings to the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Most obviously, the Dow Jones only includes 30 stocks. There are more than 5,300 common stocks that trade on the NYSE and Nasdaq, so the Dow 30's performance may not be the best indicator of how the overall market is doing. Also, the price-weighting means that some of the Dow components have much more influence on the index than others. For example, as of this writing, Goldman Sachs trades for about $235 per share, while Pfizer trades for just $31. Therefore a move in Goldman Sachs' share price would have more than four times the effect of a similar (percentagewise) move in Pfizer. For these reasons, the broader and market-cap-weighted S&P 500 is widely accepted as a better indicator of how the stocks of large U.S. corporations are performing. This article is part of The Motley Fool's Knowledge Center, which was created based on the collected wisdom of a fantastic community of investors. We'd love to hear your questions, thoughts, and opinions on the Knowledge Center in general or this page in particular. Your input will help us help the world invest, better! Email us at knowledgecenter@fool.com. Thanks -- and Fool on! The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple, Chevron, Coca-Cola, Johnson and Johnson, Nike, Verizon Communications, Visa, and Walt Disney. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil, General Electric, and Microsoft and has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends American Express, Cisco Systems, Home Depot, Intel, Procter and Gamble, and UnitedHealth Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. 35 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kteRS6 NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Dow tops 20,000 mark on Trump hopesAAP – Thu, Jan 26, 2017 10:18 AM AEDT The Dow Jones Industrial Average index's has popped over 20,000 crowning a frenetic post-U.S. election rally that featured the second fastest-ever climb between 1,000-point milestones in the index's 120-year history. The rally, driven by enthusiasm over pro-growth policies from newly-minted U.S. President Donald Trump and an optimistic start to earnings season, has led to some speculation that stocks have run up too far. Analysts and investors, however, remain optimistic that the nearly nine-year bull run in equities will continue as long as the economy and corporate profits continue to show growth. "While the Dow hitting 20,000 is one of the least meaningful data points on my screen, it does suggest that the equity rally is pretty broad based," said Michael Purves, chief global strategist and head of derivatives research at Weeden & Co. "What's important is that the Dow is going up." The 42-session surge from the first close above 19,000 was driven by financial stocks, specifically Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, which were together responsible for more than 20 percent of the move. The fastest move between these thousand point milestones was 24 trading days between 10,000 and 11,000, from March 29 to May 3 of 1999. The rise from 18,000 to 19,000 took the Dow 483 trading sessions. Much of the gains have come from stocks expected to benefit as the administration moves to put its policies in place. Banks have been among the best performers since the November 8 US presidential election, as investors bet that Trump's expected fiscal stimulus will trigger inflation and bring higher interest rates. The largest contributor to the index's run from November 22 was Goldman, which has single-handedly added more than 170 points. Goldman is the only Dow component stock that trades above $US200, so its influence in the price-weighted index is naturally larger. The president expressed his enthusiasm over the milestone, with a "Great!" tweet on the official Twitter account of the office. The advance has also been fuelled by a solid start to quarterly earnings season, which has encouraged investors and helped equities resume their upward trajectory after consecutive weeks of modest declines. "In our view, investors have focused too much on Trump," said Maximilian Kunkel, Ultra High Net Worth Investment Strategist at UBS Wealth Management. "But it is clearly earnings that are driving the rally." Fourth-quarter earnings are now expected to show growth of 6.8 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, marking the strongest growth in two years. The rise from November 22, when the Dow first closed above 19,000, has been so steep that the Dow is just over two percent away from hitting the level analysts expected at the end of 2017, according to the most recent Reuters poll. The pace of gains has caused some concern and increasingly cautious moves by some traders. The Dow's trailing price-to-earnings valuation is at 20.6 - the highest level in over seven years. "The big question for us is how much of that better earnings growth, or the anticipation of it, is already reflected in prices," said David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial in Boston. "We need that earnings growth to justify the multiples where they already are," he said. Some analysts have cautioned that stocks could also be held back if the administration's policies become bogged down in the political process as the year rolls on. Other potential pitfalls would be a strengthening US dollar and a Federal Reserve that may move more aggressively than anticipated. "To the extent that there is room for disappointment on the policy side, we may see the market back away from these exuberant highs," said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, in Cleveland. Even if the Dow remains the proxy for stocks' performance for the person on the street, its importance as a benchmark has withered over time. A total of just $35.9 billion is indexed against it, compared with $2.1 trillion indexed against the S&P 500, according to data from S&P Dow Jones Indices. Market watchers played down the significance of the round number hit as a psychological milestone but not a particularly meaningful one. "It's like watching your odometer cross over 100,000 or peeking up at the clock and noticing that it's exactly noon," said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. "There are no magic numbers, but we like to pretend that there are." Top Stories » Give Libs small business in cabinet: AbetzAAP Former minister Eric Abtez believes the small business portfolio should be put back into cabinet and given solely … London-tourist tax mulled by mayorAAP Buffett, Gates have hope for AmericaAAP China accuses EU of protectionism over new steel taxesAFP Sponsored  On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Australian Open Perth Accommodation Matthew Perrin Mortgage calculator LNP Sam Cox Pet insurance Ellie Gonsalves Flowers Trump Pena Nieto Budget Rent a Car Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 10 P/SUNNY TOKYO (6 p.m.) Markets 115.23 ¥/$ (5 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ A trader works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) as the Dow Jones Industrial Average passes the 20,000 mark shortly after the opening of the trading session in New York Wednesday. | REUTERS Business / Financial Markets Dow tops 20,000, raises hopes of recharged rally, fears of teetering precipice Reuters Jan 26, 2017 Article history Online: Jan 26, 2017 Last Modified: Jan 26, 2017 PRINT SHARE NEW YORK – The Dow Jones Industrial Average index’s pop over 20,000 on Wednesday crowns a frenetic post-U.S. election rally that featured the second fastest-ever climb between 1,000-point milestones in the Dow’s 120-year history. The rally, driven by enthusiasm over pro-growth policies from newlyminted U.S. President Donald Trump and an optimistic start to earnings season, has led to some speculation that stocks have run up too far. Analysts and investors, however, remain optimistic that the nearly nine-year bull run in equities will continue as long as the economy and corporate profits continue to show growth. “While the Dow hitting 20,000 is one of the least meaningful data points on my screen, it does suggest that the equity rally is pretty broad-based,” said Michael Purves, chief global strategist and head of derivatives research at Weeden & Co. “What’s important is that the Dow is going up.” The 42-session surge from the first close above 19,000 was driven by financial stocks, specifically Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase, which were together responsible for more than 20 percent of the move. The fastest move between these thousand-point milestones was 24 trading days between 10,000 and 11,000, from March 29 to May 3 of 1999. The rise from 18,000 to 19,000 took the Dow 483 trading sessions. Much of the gains have come from stocks expected to benefit as the administration moves to put its policies in place. Banks have been among the best performers since the Nov. 8 election of Trump, as investors bet that his expected fiscal stimulus will trigger inflation and bring higher interest rates. The largest contributor to the index’s run from Nov. 22 was Goldman, which has single-handedly added over 170 points. Goldman is the only Dow component stock that trades above $200, so its influence in the price-weighted index is naturally larger. The president expressed his enthusiasm over the milestone, with a “Great!” tweet on the official Twitter account of the office. The advance has also been fueled by a solid start to quarterly earnings season, which has encouraged investors and helped equities resume their upward trajectory after consecutive weeks of modest declines. “In our view, investors have focused too much on Trump,” said Ultra High Net Worth Investment Strategist Maximilian Kunkel at UBS Wealth Management. “But it is clearly earnings that are driving the rally.” Fourth-quarter earnings are now expected to show growth of 6.8 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data, marking the strongest growth in two years. The rise from Nov. 22, when the Dow first closed above 19,000, has been so steep that the Dow is just over 2 percent away from hitting the level analysts expected at the end of 2017, according to the most recent Reuters poll. The pace of gains has caused some concern and increasingly cautious moves by some traders. The Dow’s trailing price-to-earnings valuation is at 20.6 — the highest level in over seven years. “The big question for us is how much of that better earnings growth, or the anticipation of it, is already reflected in prices,” said David Joy, chief market strategist at Ameriprise Financial in Boston. “We need that earnings growth to justify the multiples where they already are,” he said. Some analysts have cautioned that stocks could also be held back if the administration’s policies become bogged down in the political process as the year rolls on. Other potential pitfalls would be a strengthening dollar and a Federal Reserve that may move more aggressively than anticipated. “To the extent that there is room for disappointment on the policy side, we may see the market back away from these exuberant highs,” said Bruce McCain, chief investment strategist at Key Private Bank, in Cleveland. Even if the Dow remains the proxy for stocks’ performance for the person on the street, its importance as a benchmark has withered over time. A total of just $35.9 billion is indexed against it, compared with $2.1 trillion indexed against the S&P 500, according to data from S&P Dow Jones Indices. Market watchers played down the significance of the round number hit as a psychological milestone but not a particularly meaningful one. “It’s like watching your odometer cross over 100,000 or peeking up at the clock and noticing that it’s exactly noon,” said Brian Jacobsen, chief portfolio strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. “There are no magic numbers, but we like to pretend that there are.” Photos Click to enlarge Keywords Donald Trump, Dow Jones, S&P 500, stocks Related Trump issues orders to build Mexico border wall, ax funds to 'sanctuary cities' Business Toshiba chairman to resign over struggling U.S. nuclear business U.S. economic momentum faces wild card in Trump trade policy Japan may begin auto trade talks with Trump administration ANA concerned Trump’s policies may slow global growth Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now Abe’s kanji gaffe makes Twitter’s trend tally Education in Japan in 2016: new solutions and age-old problems, from teaching English to bullying Trump’s planned border wall with Mexico faces reality check Kisenosato becomes first Japanese-born yokozuna in almost two decades ‘Good parent’ ditched in custody case reversal Russia urges Trump to be cautious on Syria safe zones plan as U.K. signals about-face on Assad Foreign workers in Japan hit the 1 million mark for the first time last autumn: ministry Abe’s Trump dilemma: Getting Japan to buy U.S. cars Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Super Prize! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Search Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Super Prize! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Latest Update Germany Holocaust Day Springfield Foster Parent Sentenced For Sexual Abuse Family Battles With Their Newborn Son’s Disease “Can You Hear Me?” Phone Scam SPD receives report of armed robbery at MSU Shooting in Springfield leaves teen dead OTC Offering Free AEL Classes In Springfield Aircraft Crashes In Christian County Annual Homeless Count Taking Swimming Lessons At An Early Age Could Help Decrease The Number Of Drownings Dow closes above 20000 for first time 0 tweet (1/25/2017)-The wait for Dow 20000 is over. The blue-chip average sailed past what had been an elusive milestone Wednesday after President Donald Trump demonstrated in recent days he is serious about fulfilling campaign promises. The Dow’s march toward the psychologically-significant level captivated Wall Street ever since Trump’s surprise election in November, and it finally broke through just 64 days after crossing the 19000 threshold for the first time ever. It was the second-fastest 1,000 point run in history. But the Dow flirted with the milestone for weeks, and came within a fraction of a point of 20K  on January 6, stalling as investors awaited more concrete evidence the president would follow through on the issues he championed on the campaign trail, including lower taxes and less regulation. The Dow has rallied nearly 1,700 points since Election Day with help from its biggest gainers during that period, Goldman Sachs (GS), JPMorgan (JPM) and American Express (AXP). On Wednesday, the index leaped as much as 163 points, or 0.82% to 20076 as Boeing (BA), Caterpillar (CAT), and Apple (AAPL) led the gains. Strength in the materials and financial sectors helped push the Dow across the threshold after Trump on Tuesday gave the green light for the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines – two projects that stalled under President Barack Obama’s administration. In recent days, Trump has also met with U.S. business leaders, including the chief executives of the Big Three American automakers amid a push for more domestically-built automobiles. Financial-sector stocks have also been a key element in the post-election rally that has led not only to Dow 20K, but fresh records on both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq Composite indexes. While action in the sector cooled in recent weeks, improving global economic growth and consolidation in the U.S. dollar/U.S. Treasury yields has been a support for risk assets, said Dennis DeBusschere, senior managing director at Evercore ISI. “A weak U.S. dollar and an accommodative Fed are in the new administration’s best interest and as long as a significant policy ‘mistake’ is avoided, risk assets should move higher as economic growth improves,” he said. Trump’s fiscal policies, though, are just one piece of the 2017 market puzzle. With expectations of added stimulus from Washington, policymakers down the road from the White House at the Federal Reserve are calculating the pace at which the short-term federal funds rate will need to increase to keep up with a growing economy while also not allowing it to overheat. The Fed in December said it expects three 0.25 percentage point rate increases this year, which it believes will allow inflation to move closer to the 2% target while the job-creation rate remains steady. In that environment, investors may stand to benefit from putting more weight on cyclical stocks including financials, energy, consumer discretionary and real estate, rather than in defensive sectors that include health care and utilities. “What we’re likely to see in 2017 is a resumption of an earnings-driven market where there’s tangible earnings growth. That’s going to be essential to sector performance,” said U.S. Bank Private Client Group Chief Investment Officer Bill Northey. With fourth-quarter earnings season underway, he explained energy stocks could see positive yearly earnings thanks to the rise in benchmark oil prices over the last year, while the landscape for financial services stocks has also improved thanks in part to the outlook for a relaxation of the onerous Dodd-Frank financial reform law. “There are some tangible elements likely to transpire in 2017 that warrant the kind of reaction we saw in 2016, but broadly speaking, we saw index levels run beyond what the underlying fundamentals were doing,” Northey added. Though the overall economy is on solid footing, headwinds for both equities and the economy are beginning to emerge warned Ameriprise Chief Market Strategist David Joy. “[We’re seeing warnings that] higher rates are a drag on housing, that the stronger dollar is a drag on exports and that wage gains are being eroded by rising inflation,” he explained while also outlining worries that a lack of skilled workers threatens to stand in the way of the ongoing recovery. Still, it’s also worth looking at 2017 in a way that detaches the economy from company-to-company performance as investors weigh the prospect of new fiscal policies, said Ralph Bassett, head of North American Equities at Aberdeen Asset Management. “Lower tax rates are a great thing for domestic companies that we’ll see a greater benefit from. While our economy is very much domestic and service-related, companies are headquartered here and generate jobs here. They are impacted by our trade policy, which is the biggest question mark through the new year,” he said. Previous PostFoundation for Springfield Public Schools ranks nationally Next PostTrump orders construction of border wall, targets sanctuary cities Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Recent Posts Germany Holocaust Day Springfield Foster Parent Sentenced For Sexual Abuse Family Battles With Their Newborn Son’s Disease “Can You Hear Me?” Phone Scam SPD receives report of armed robbery at MSU Shooting in Springfield leaves teen dead Quick Links About Us Employment Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Children's Programming Current EEO Report Online Public File Website Terms of Service Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Owned and operated by Koplar Communications, LLC. Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance GCP Applied Technologies Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News National Asset Management Inc. Has $607,000 Stake in American Water Works (AWK) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Boosts Position in eBay Inc. (EBAY) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Buys 989,883 Shares of Baxter International Inc. (BAX) Panagora Asset Management Inc. Has $49,920,000 Position in Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Eli Lilly and Company (LLY) Position Lowered by Capital International Sarl Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The) (GS) Position Reduced by Capital International Sarl Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Canadian National Railway Company (CNI) Capital International Sarl Maintains Position in Cognizant Technology Solutions Corp (CTSH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Acquires 2,304,519 Shares of Verifone Systems, Inc. (PAY) Blackstone Group L.P. Invests $13,851,000 in Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (TTWO) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Cuts Position in Continental Building Products, Inc. (CBPX) TPG Group Holdings SBS Advisors Inc. Sells 3,273 Shares of LinkedIn Corp (LNKD) National Asset Management Inc. Has $858,000 Position in Medtronic PLC (MDT) E.W. Scripps Company (The) (SSP) Shares Bought by Blackstone Group L.P. Blackstone Group L.P. Maintains Stake in NantHealth Inc (NH) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Has $59,582,000 Stake in Cabot Corporation (CBT) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 9,719 Shares of MTS Systems Corporation (MTSC) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Sells 494,508 Shares of El Paso Electric Company (EE) Fuller & Thaler Asset Management Inc. Decreases Position in Brink’s Company (The) (BCO) Cheniere Energy Partners LP Holdings LLC (CQH) Position Cut by Blackstone Group L.P. KeyCorp Weighs in on GCP Applied Technologies Inc.’s Q1 2017 Earnings (GCP) January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (NYSE:GCP) – Research analysts at KeyCorp issued their Q1 2017 earnings estimates for GCP Applied Technologies in a report released on Monday. KeyCorp analyst I. Marcuse anticipates that the firm will post earnings of $0.23 per share for the quarter. A number of other equities research analysts have also recently weighed in on the company. Zacks Investment Research raised GCP Applied Technologies from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 11th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $33.00 price target on shares of GCP Applied Technologies in a report on Wednesday, November 16th. Finally, Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on GCP Applied Technologies in a report on Friday, January 20th. They set a “buy” rating and a $32.00 price target for the company. Three analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and four have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $27.25. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/keycorp-weighs-in-on-gcp-applied-technologies-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-gcp.html. Shares of GCP Applied Technologies (NYSE:GCP) traded up 1.13% during midday trading on Wednesday, hitting $26.95. The stock had a trading volume of 334,457 shares. The stock has a market capitalization of $1.91 billion and a price-to-earnings ratio of 24.93. GCP Applied Technologies has a 52 week low of $14.47 and a 52 week high of $30.12. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $26.98 and a 200-day moving average price of $27.35. GCP Applied Technologies (NYSE:GCP) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, November 9th. The company reported $0.35 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.41 by $0.06. The firm earned $342.50 million during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $362.50 million. GCP Applied Technologies had a net margin of 5.61% and a return on equity of 1,424.27%. A number of large investors have recently added to or reduced their stakes in GCP. JPMorgan Chase & Co. boosted its stake in GCP Applied Technologies by 295.3% in the third quarter. JPMorgan Chase & Co. now owns 1,394,212 shares of the company’s stock worth $39,484,000 after buying an additional 1,041,494 shares in the last quarter. York Capital Management Global Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies during the third quarter worth approximately $23,833,000. Victory Capital Management Inc. raised its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 95.0% in the third quarter. Victory Capital Management Inc. now owns 1,583,108 shares of the company’s stock worth $44,833,000 after buying an additional 771,129 shares during the last quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. raised its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 14.6% in the second quarter. Adage Capital Partners GP L.L.C. now owns 3,804,896 shares of the company’s stock worth $99,079,000 after buying an additional 485,079 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Numeric Investors LLC raised its position in shares of GCP Applied Technologies by 249.0% in the second quarter. Numeric Investors LLC now owns 510,997 shares of the company’s stock worth $13,306,000 after buying an additional 364,564 shares during the last quarter. 81.82% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. WARNING: This piece of content was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright legislation. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/25/keycorp-weighs-in-on-gcp-applied-technologies-inc-s-q1-2017-earnings-gcp.html. In related news, President Gregory E. Poling sold 53,950 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 4th. The stock was sold at an average price of $26.71, for a total transaction of $1,441,004.50. Following the completion of the sale, the president now directly owns 40,280 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,075,878.80. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at the SEC website. About GCP Applied Technologies GCP Applied Technologies Inc (GCP) is engaged in the production and sale of specialty construction chemicals, specialty building materials, and packaging sealants and coatings. The Company operates through three segments: Specialty Construction Chemicals (SCC), Specialty Building Materials (SBM) and Darex Packaging Technologies (Darex). Receive News & Ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for GCP Applied Technologies Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
