continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 57 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 20, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 20, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 57 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login English bank bosses soften tone on Brexit By GAVIN FINCH Bloomberg News First Published Nov 19 2016 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Nov 19 2016 01:05 am Share This Article Global bank executives are softening their warnings that Britain's looming withdrawal from the European Union will spur an imminent exodus of staff from London. Bankers are gaining confidence that U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May will be able to secure a lengthy transition period that would carry them over from the current rules to whatever fresh terms of trade are agreed with the EU, according to two people with knowledge of their firm's contingency plans. That's led to more measured language from many of the industry's leaders. "Wait and see is also UBS's attitude toward Brexit," UBS Group AG Chairman Axel Weber said Wednesday at a conference in the U.K. capital. "No doubt London will remain an important financial center. UBS will be here." VIDEOS TOP JOBS The shift in tone, also evident from banks including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Barclays Plc, comes after May sought to quell fears in the finance industry that her government wouldn't fight to protect it from the fallout of Brexit when negotiations begin early next year. Bank of England Governor Mark Carney also called this week for a long transition period to give banks a chance to adapt. "Nobody wants to make a bad decision by moving quickly with the amount of uncertainty around," Daniel Pinto, JPMorgan's head of corporate and investment banking, said in an interview. "We will be ready to make a permanent decision once we have a better idea of the direction of travel." Banks continue to plan for the worst: the loss of their right to sell services freely around the EU from London after the end of the two-year Brexit negotiation period. And they are ready to start the process of moving people abroad within weeks of Britain triggering Article 50, scheduled for March, as May would still have to convince EU counterparts to agree to a transition period. But bankers have paused on issuing warnings of pandemonium and threats to relocate abroad that circulated in the months before and after June's referendum. "I don't think London will lose its gravitational pull in terms of the management of capital in any reasonable time-frame," Barclays Chief Executive Officer Jes Staley said at a conference this week. "I would not underestimate at all the ability of the U.K. to remain as creative as it's been historically." Before the referendum, JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon said he would relocate as many as 4,000 employees to the continent after Brexit. In September, UBS said that it may have to move 1,500 staff out of London after Brexit, or 30 percent of its U.K. workforce. That same month, one of JPMorgan's top executives in Europe said there would be "pandemonium" unless there was an agreement for a transition period. Relations between the finance industry and May's government reached a low point at the Conservative Party conference in early October when officials said banks would get no special favors in the Brexit negotiations and suggested their threats to leave London were empty. Since then, there has been a concerted effort within government to mend relations with the City, officials said earlier this month. That involved Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond, who campaigned against Brexit, and pro-leave lawmakers such as David Davis setting aside their ideological differences in pursuit of a common strategy to quit the EU. Davis said recently he was "determined to get the best possible deal" for London-based banks. Recently, bankers have laced their warnings with some optimism. Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc Chairman Howard Davies said Sunday in an interview on ITV that triggering Brexit without a transitional deal would be damaging to all parties. Asked whether a deal is likely, Davies said: "It is possible."   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Op-ed: Should Mormons who voted for Trump get temple recommends? Exonerated Arizona man shows Utah lawmakers the human face of death row mistakes Kirby: My 'little factory,' my business Comments: Utah football: Stunning loss to Oregon ends Utes' South Division hopes Dana Milbank: Trump's fake-news presidency ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know in markets today Oscar Williams-Grut Nov. 16, 2016, 1:48 AM 388 facebook linkedin twitter email print A man walks through a garden on an autumn day in Srinagar, India November 15, 2016. REUTERS/Danish Ismail Good morning! Here's what you need to know in markets on Wednesday. EU antitrust regulators are set to fine HSBC, JPMorgan, and Credit Agricole by the end of the year for rigging financial benchmarks linked to the euro, two people familiar with the matter said on Tuesday. Reuters reports that charges were levied in May 2014 against the three banks, which denied wrongdoing. The European Commission could penalise HSBC, JPMorgan, and Credit Agricole next month, the people said. The decision has been delayed several times and another hold-up could still occur. Google still plans to open a new UK headquarters building in London, which the BBC reports could create up to 3,000 jobs in the country by 2020. Sundar Pichai, the CEO of Google, told the BBC the company sees "big opportunities" in the UK despite the country's vote to exit the European Union in June. Employment and wage data is coming. UK earnings and job figures for September and October are due at 9.30 a.m. GMT (4.30 a.m. ET). The unemployment rate is forecast to remain steady at 4.9% and wage growth is forecast to be 2.3%, the same as in the prior month. The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied for a seventh straight day on Tuesday, clinching another record closing high overnight near 19,000. The rout in the bond market finally paused as traders bought Treasurys, sending yields lower for the first time since last week's election. Japan's Nikkei hit a 9 and a half month high. The Japanese stock market closed up 1.1% at its highest level since February, buoyed by the weak yen helping exporters. Elsewhere in Asia, China's Shanghai Composite is down 0.07% at the time of writing (6.25 a.m. GMT/1.25 a.m. ET) and the Hong Kong Hang Seng is up 0.45%. Saudi Arabia will reveal how much oil it is sitting on as it prepares to sell shares in Saudi Aramco. "This is going to be the most transparent national oil company listing of all time," Khalid al-Falih, Saudi Arabia’s energy minister, told the Financial Times in an interview. Intel will invest more than $250 million (£200 million) to make autonomous driving a reality. Intel wrote in a press release that the investment will be geared toward advancing tech related to connectivity, communication, deep learning, and cybersecurity for cars. Deutsche Bank has shaken up some of its senior ranks in its US investment bank. The firm has promoted Michael Santini to vice chairman of Americas corporate finance and John Anos to cohead of global industrials alongside Richard Sheppard. Senior Morgan Stanley executives collectively earned about $10.5 million (£8.4 million) over the past week by exercising options and selling shares, with most of them profiting from an election-fueled rally in bank stocks, according to securities filings. The executives made the sales after shares of Morgan Stanley, which traded as low as $22 in the last 12 months, reversed course to become the best performing of the six largest US banks so far this year, closing Monday at $39.35. An aggressive tax avoidance scheme used by temp recruitment agencies is depriving the taxpayer of “hundreds of millions” of pounds a year, a Guardian investigation has found. A number of agencies have been making large windfalls by using “contrived” financial arrangements to slash their employer’s national insurance bills. NOW WATCH: These are the watches worn by the smartest and most powerful men in the world Loading video... More: 10 Things Before European Markets Open facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know in markets today 10 things you need to know in markets today Good morning! Here's what you need to know in... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Janet Yellen Says Interest Rates Could Rise "Relatively Soon" The Fed chairwoman seemed to hint in testimony to Congress on Thursday that the central bank may increase rates at its monetary policy meeting next month. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:09PM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. The good news keeps rolling in for banks. On Thursday, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, told Congress that an interest rate hike "could well become appropriate relatively soon." Interest rates are the single most important variable for investors in bank stocks to watch right now. It's why I've talked ad nauseam about the issue for much of the past year, as the most widely held bank stocks -- JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup (NYSE:C), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) -- all stand to profit handsomely once rates increase in earnest. Indeed, the most likely reason to explain why all four of these stocks climbed on Thursday was Yellen's testimony. Bank Thursday (11/17) Stock Performance JPMorgan Chase 0.65% Bank of America 1.64% Wells Fargo 1.72% Citigroup 1.71% Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Three reasons Yellen is optimistic Yellen focused on three specific things in her remarks to Congress, the first being the rosy jobs picture. The unemployment rate stayed at 4.9% in October, which continues to be below the Fed's definition of maximum employment, defined as an unemployment rate of 5%. The Fed chairwoman noted that the rate of jobs growth continues to be "above trend" and that the labor force participation rate has remained constant despite headwinds from an aging population -- which, holding all else equal, causes labor force participation to fall as retirees exit the workforce. But the best sign on the employment front in the United States right now relates to jobless claims. The latest data, released Thursday, shows that the number of Americans applying for first-time unemployment benefits dropped to the lowest level in more than four decades. You have to go back to 1973 to see a comparable level. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. Yellen also found economic growth data to be a positive sign. Although output grew at just 1% for the first six months of 2016, it's estimated to have nearly tripled to just under 3% in the third quarter. It did so in spite of the ongoing concerns about the integrity of the European Union and moderating growth in China. Last but not least, the one area that monetary policymakers continue to watch for improvement is inflation. And while the most recent data shows that inflation remains below the Fed's 2% target rate -- it came in at 1.6% in October -- the trend in consumer prices is heading in the right direction as well. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. This is the variable, in turn, that investors in JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Citigroup should watch most closely. The higher inflation goes, the more likely the Fed is to raise rates and thereby boost the amount of money that each of these banks earns from their multibillion-dollar portfolios of loans and securities. On the low end, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase will earn between $2 billion and $3 billion in added net interest income each year from a 1-percentage-point increase in rates. On the high end, Bank of America's net interest income would climb by $5.3 billion under the same scenario. (Wells Fargo's disclosures around interest rate sensitivity are less specific.) With this in mind, Yellen's comments about a possible rate hike coming soon should be music to bank investors' ears. According to the Fed chief, at the latest meeting of the committee in charge of monetary policy, its members "judged that the case for an increase in the target range had continued to strengthen and that such an increase could well become appropriate relatively soon." John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:09PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $55.46 up $0.01 (0.02%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $20.00 down $0.08 (-0.40%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $77.71 down $0.31 (-0.40%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.82 up $0.33 (0.63%) Read More Is America the New Japan? How Does Citigroup’s Dividend Compare to Other Bank Stocks? Bank of America Reports Solid Third-Quarter Earnings Bank of America's Stock Is Approaching a Very Significant Threshold 3 Reasons Shares of Citigroup Are Down in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Breaking News Trump considers Mattis, Romney for top national security jobs Pence not offended by comments to him at 'Hamilton' show Protesters target gathering of white nationalists in Washington: reports Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks India train derails, at least 119 killed, more than 150 injured Merkel says wants to run for 4th term as German Chancellor Rockets into Saudi Arabia, reported air strikes in Yemen strain truce Church in northern Iraq reopened after two years under IS control French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election China's Xi calls for 'smooth transition' in relationship with U.S. Sun 20 Nov 2016 - 20 Safar 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Salim Al Shueili Home Head stories Local International Analysis Business Sports Features Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Entertainment Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor Books Lifestyle People Spotlight WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive Home → Business → JP Morgan Chase in $264m US settlement over China bribes JP Morgan Chase in $264m US settlement over China bribes Friday 18th, November 2016 / 19:53 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: Banking giant JP Morgan Chase has agreed to pay more than $264 million to resolve allegations it bribed officials in China by giving prized jobs and internships to friends and relatives, officials announced. “Awarding prestigious employment opportunities to unqualified individuals in order to influence government officials is corruption, plain and simple,” Leslie Caldwell, Chief of the US Justice Department’s criminal division, said in a statement. Over a seven-year period, between 2006 and 2013, the bank hired about 200 interns and full-time employees at the request of clients in the region, including nearly 100 referred by government officials at 20 different state-owned businesses in China, according to the US Securities and Exchange Commission, which was part of the settlement. The Chinese firms then entered into transactions earning the bank more than $100 million in revenue, according to the SEC. Since 1977, the United States has criminalised bribing foreign officials to win business under a statute known as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.— AFP About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Tesla shareholders approve merger with SolarCity Japan budget airline Peach to buy 13 Airbus aircraft → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Council celebrates National Day School students mark National Day Cruise tourism opens up new job vistas CBO launches OmanNet debit card to boost e-commerce Read More ... Facebook Twitter 5 hours agoRedArrows tesm in #Muscat as part of #46thnationalday celebrations @rafredarrows @UKinOman /t.co/p58UoguqkT /t.co/wO2yJQgbkB 6 hours ago@rafredarrows perform in Muscat, Oman /t.co/VW812OofBa 8 hours agoRed Arrows to perform at 3pm today along the area between Grand Hyatt and Inter-Continental Muscat @rafredarrows /t.co/S67Lbq3rSK Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
null
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Take Advantage of Your Empty Vertical Space With These 15 Tricks Winter Is Coming: 30 Ways to Save Money Around the Holidays Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 35 Ways to Save for Your Emergency Fund 10 Best Student Savings Accounts Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips CD Loans: How to Borrow Against Your Certificate of Deposit How to Close Your CD Early Without Paying a Fee Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans What Is an Unsecured Loan? What Is a Secured Loan? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News 5 Precious Metal Investments Better Than Gold The Most Anticipated IPOs of 2017 Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 13 Everyday Habits That Destroy Your Retirement Fund 7 Hidden Fees to Watch Out for in Retirement Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts 10 Free Student Checking Accounts What Is a Checking Account? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News How Do Credit Unions Make Money? Are Banks Open on Black Friday 2016? Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips Best Credit Card Offers, Deals and Bonuses 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards Best Peer-to-Peer Lenders: Prosper, Lending Club and More follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Credit Cards > Credit Card Promotions > Best Promotional Credit Card Rates > Best Credit Card Offers, Deals and Bonuses Best Credit Card Offers, Deals and BonusesCheck out the credit card reviews for the best credit card deals of the year. By Ashley Eneriz November 18, 2016 Africa Studio / Shutterstock.com With so many credit card options out there, it can be challenging to find the best credit card offers for your spending habits. If you’re in the market for a new credit card, start by comparing the best credit card deals, sign-up bonuses, promotions and rewards for new and active customers. If you’re wondering, “What is the best credit card for me?”, check out this roundup of the best rewards credit cards; choices are based on current promotions, sign-up bonus and credit card deals’ pros and cons. See: 9 Best Credit Card Hacks to Save Money on Everything Here are the best credit card offers, deals and bonuses: Best Credit Card for Travel Offers Best Credit Card for Cash Back Bonus Best Bonus Credit Card for Students Business Credit Card With Best Sign-On Bonus Best $0-Fee Credit Card for Business Top Rewards Credit Card Best Travel Card for Air Travel Offers Best Bonus Credit Card for Poor Credit Best Credit Card for Travel-Reward Redemption Offers Best Credit Card Offer for Everyday Spending Best Reward Offer Credit Card for Frequent Travelers Best Miles Offer Credit Card Best Bonus Credit Card for Hotel Stays Best Credit Card for Business With Highest Cash Back Bonus Best Travel Bonus Credit Card for Those With Excellent Credit Best Travel Credit Card With No Fees Best Credit Card Offer for Infrequent Spending Best Business Card With 0-Percent Transfer Fee Best Business Card With 0% APR Offer Best Credit Card for Grocery Shopping Bonus Credit Card Annual Fee Intro APR Ongoing APR Bonus Offer  Rewards Details How to Apply BankAmericard Travel Rewards Credit Card $0 0% for 12 cycles 15.24-23.24% 20,000 online bonus points after making at least $1,000 in purchases in first 90 days ($200 statement credit) Unlimited 1.5 points for every $1 spent on purchases Learn More Discover it Card $0 0% for 12 months 11.24-23.24% Dollar-for-dollar cash back match at the end of the first year 5% cash back in categories that change each quarter up to a max of $1,500; 1% cash back on all other purchases Learn More Discover it for Students Card $0 0% for 6 months 13.24-22.24% Dollar-for-dollar cash back match at the end of the first year 5% cash back in categories that change each quarter up to a max of $1,500; 1% cash back on all other purchases; $20 cash back for each school year your GPA is 3.0 or higher for up to 5 years Learn More Capital One Spark Cash for Business Card $59 N/A 17.24% $0 annual fee first year; $500 cash bonus after spending $4,500 on purchases in first 3 months. Earn 2% cash back on all purchases Learn More Capital One Spark Cash Select for Business Card $0 0% intro APR for 9 months 13.24-21.24% $200 cash back bonus after spending $3,000 in purchases in first 3 months 1.5% cash back on all purchases Learn More Citi Prestige Card $450 N/A 15.49% 40,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 in first 3 months; annual $250 air travel credit 3x points on air travel and hotels; 2x points on dining and entertainment; 1x point on all other purchases Learn More Discover it Miles Travel Credit Card $0 0% for 12 months 11.24-23.24% Matches all miles earned at end of first year for new cardholders Earn unlimited 1.5 miles on every dollar spent Learn More Discover it Secured Credit Card $0 N/A 23.24% Matches all cash back earned at end of first year for new cardholders  2% cash back at restaurants or gas stations for up to $1,000 in combined purchases each quarter; 1% cash back on all other purchases Learn More Chase Sapphire Preferred Card $95 N/A 16.24-23.24% $0 intro annual fee first year; 50,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 in purchases in first 3 month 2x points on travel and dining; 1 point per $1 on all other purchases Learn More Chase Freedom Unlimited Credit Card $0 0% for 15 months 14.24-23.24% $150 bonus after spending $500 on purchases in first 3 months; $25 bonus after adding first authorized user and making first purchase within same 3-month period Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase Learn More Chase Sapphire Reserve Card $450 N/A 16.24-23.24% Earn 100,000 bonus points after spending $4,000 in purchases in first 3 months; $300 annual travel credit 3x points on travel and dining worldwide; 1x point per $1 on all other purchases Learn More United Mileage Plus Explorer Card From Chase $95 N/A 16.24-23.24% $0 annual fee for first year; 30,000 bonus miles after spending $1,000 in purchases in first 3 months 2x miles earned for every $1 spent on United purchases, 1 mile per $1 spent on all other purchases Learn More The Hyatt Credit Card From Chase $75 N/A 16.24-23.24% 2 free nights at Hyatt hotels worldwide after making $2,000 in purchases in first 3 months 3x points per $1 spent on Hyatt properties; 2x points per $1 spent at restaurants, airline tickets directly from airline and car rental agencies; 1x point per $1 spent on all other purchases Learn More Chase Ink Cash Business Credit Card $0 0% for 12 months 13.49-19.49% $300 bonus cash back after spending $3,000 in purchases in first 3 month 5% cash back on first $25,000 spent in combined purchases at office supply stores and phone/internet/cable services each anniversary year; 2% cash back on first $25,000 spent at gas stations and restaurants each anniversary year; 1% on all other purchases Learn More Capital One Venture Rewards Card $59 N/A 13.24-23.24% $0 annual fee first year; 40,000 bonus miles after spending $3,000 in first 3 months Earn unlimited 2x miles per dollar on every purchase Learn More Capital One VentureOne Rewards Card $0 0% for 12 months 12.24-22.24% 20,000 bonus miles after spending $1,000 on purchases in first 3 months Unlimited 1.25 miles per $1 spent on every purchase Learn More Capital One Quicksilver Rewards Card $0 0% for 9 months 13.24-23.24% $100 bonus after spending $500 on purchases in first 3 months Unlimited 1.5% cash back on every purchase Learn More Capital One Spark Miles for Business Card $59 N/A 17.24% $0 annual fee for first year; 50,000 bonus miles after spending $4,500 in purchases in first 3 months 2x miles per $1 spent on all purchases Learn More Capital One Spark Miles Select for Business Card $0 0% for 9 months 13.24-21.24% 20,000 bonus miles after spending $3,000 on purchases in first 3 months 1.5x miles per $1 spent on all purchases Learn More Blue Cash Preferred Card From American Express Card $95 0% for 12 months 13.24% – 23.24% 10% back on Amazon purchases in first 6 months, up to $200; $250 back after spending $1,000 in the first 3 months 6% cash back at supermarkets Learn More Best Credit Card for Travel Offers: BankAmericard Travel Rewards Credit Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 12 months Ongoing rates: 15.24% to 23.24% APR Earn 1.5 unlimited points you can redeem toward flights, vacation packages, cruises and other travel rewards. Not only is this card great for booking your next trip or vacation, it comes with 0% APR for the first 12 months and has no foreign transaction fee charges. Check Out: 7 Preapproved Credit Card Facts You Need to Know Before Applying Rewards and Bonuses After you make at least $1,000 in purchases in first 90 days, you get 20,000 online bonus points, which translates to a $200 statement credit. Earn unlimited 1.5 points for every $1 you spend on purchases. Pros 10 percent bonus points on every purchase for customers with an active checking or savings account $0 fraud liability Credit card chip for extra protection Cons Variable rate based on creditworthiness 3-percent balance transfer fee for each transaction Redemptions for cash or gift cards are of lesser value Best Credit Card for Cash Back Bonus: Discover it Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 12 months Ongoing rates: 11.24% to 23.24% APR Not only can you earn 5 percent cash back in bonus categories each quarter, you can also earn 1 percent cash back on every other purchase. At the end of the first year, Discover will match new members’ cash back rewards dollar for dollar. Rewards and Bonuses 5 percent cash back — up to $1,500 — in categories that change each quarter Unlimited 1 percent cash back on all other purchases Pros Cash back rewards can be used for Amazon.com purchases View FICO score for free Cons 5 percent cash back bonus limited to $1,500 3-percent balance transfer fee 25.24% APR for cash advances Best Bonus Credit Card for Students: Discover it for Students Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 12 months Ongoing rates: 13.24% to 22.24% APR Don’t fall for bad-credit card offers in college. This card rewards students with cash back for every purchase and gives them a $20 cash back bonus every year they maintain a 3.0 GPA. Students also receive free, monthly FICO statements so they can begin building credit. Rewards and Bonuses 5 percent cash back — up to $1,500 — in categories that change each quarter 1 percent cash back on all other purchases $20 cash back for each year GPA is 3.0 or higher; available for up to five years Pros Redeem cash back rewards any time for any amount $0 fraud liability No foreign transaction fees Cons Variable rate based on creditworthiness 3-percent balance transfer fee 25.24% APR for cash advances Business Credit Card With Best Sign-On Bonus: Capital One Spark Cash for Business Card Annual fee: $0 for one year, $59 after that Rate: 17.24% APR, variable For business owners with excellent credit, this card offers the best credit card bonus when you open an account. Business owners can earn 2 percent cash back on all purchases, plus they can earn a sign-on bonus of $500 after they spend $4,500 within the first three months of opening a new card. Rewards and Bonuses $500 cash bonus after spending $4,500 on purchases in first three months 2 percent cash back on all purchases Pros Unlimited rewards Collision-damage waiver benefit for auto rentals Cons 29.65% penalty APR Up to $39 fee for late payments Best $0-Fee Credit Card for Business: Capital One Spark Cash Select for Business Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for nine months Ongoing rates: 13.24% to 21.24% APR For business owners who want the perks of a business credit card without an annual fee, this one might a good fit. It earns 1.5 percent cash back on all purchases and features a 0% APR for the first nine months. You can also spend $3,000 within the first three months of your account opening and earn a bonus $200 cash back. Rewards and Bonuses $200 cash back bonus after you spend $3,000 in purchases within the first three months 1.5 percent cash back on all purchases Pros $0 fraud liability No foreign transaction fees Cons Must have excellent credit score Up to $39 fee for late payments Top Rewards Credit Card: Citi Prestige Card Annual fee: $450 Rate: 15.49% APR Don’t let the hefty $450 annual fee scare you away from the amazing credit card rewards this card has to offer. Each year, cardholders enjoy a free $250 air travel credit. Also, cardholders can extend their trips with a free, fourth-night stay at any hotel if they book a minimum four-consecutive night stay through the Citi Prestige Concierge. Rewards and Bonuses 40,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 within the first three months Annual $250 air travel credit 3x points on air travel and hotels, 2x points on dining and entertainment and 1x point on all other purchases Pros No foreign transaction fees $100 global entry application fee credit Cons High annual fee Up to 29.99 percent penalty APR Best Travel Card for Air Travel Offers: Discover it Miles Travel Credit Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 12 months Ongoing rates: 11.24% to 23.24% APR If you fly frequently, try pairing your airline rewards program with a rewards credit card like this one. It offers travel perks that include no blackout dates or airline exclusions, and you’ll get reimbursed for up to $30 of in-flight WiFi purchases each year. Rewards and Bonuses Matches all miles earned at end of first year for new card members Earn unlimited, 1.5 miles on every dollar you spend Pros In-flight WiFi reimbursement Free monthly FICO score on statement Cons Intro 0% APR not valid for balance transfers 25.24% APR for cash advances Best Bonus Credit Card for Poor Credit: Discover it Secured Credit Card Annual fee: $0 Rate: 23.24% APR The Discover it Secured Credit Card can help individuals build or rebuild credit. With this secured card, your credit line is tied to the amount of money you put down as a deposit. The card has no annual fee and even rewards users with cash back on all purchases. Rewards and Bonuses Matches all new card members’ cash back earned at end of first year 2 percent cash back at restaurants or gas stations — for up to $1,000 in combined purchases — each quarter 1 percent cash back on all other purchases Pros First late payment fee waived Free monthly FICO report Cons High APR 3-percent balance transfer fee Best Credit Card for Travel-Reward Redemption Offers: Chase Sapphire Preferred Card Annual fee: $0 for first year, $95 after first year Rates: 16.24% to 23.24% APR, variable When card members redeem their reward points for travel through this card, they receive 25 percent more money toward travel. All travel and dining purchases earn 2 percent cash back. Rewards and Bonuses 50,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 in purchases within the first three months, which equals $625 toward travel 2x points on travel and dining, 1 point per dollar on all other purchases Pros No foreign transaction fees 1:1 point transfer Cons 25.24% APR for cash advances $95 annual fee after one year Best Credit Card Offer for Everyday Spending: Chase Freedom Unlimited Credit Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 15 months Ongoing rates: 14.24% to 23.24% APR, variable If you don’t want to bother with confusing reward categories, you earn 1.5 percent cash back on all purchases with this card. You can redeem your cash back for any amount at any time. Rewards and Bonuses $150 bonus after you spend $500 on purchases within the first three months $25 bonus after you add a first authorized user and make your first purchase within the same three-month period Unlimited 1.5 percent cash back on every purchase Pros $0 fraud liability Extended warranty protection Cons 5-percent balance transfer fee Points forfeited if your account status changes Best Reward Offer Credit Card for Frequent Travelers: Chase Sapphire Reserve Card Annual fee: $450 Rates: 16.24% to 23.24% APR, variable If you want to travel the globe, this card can help. Although it comes with a significant annual fee of $450, it includes a yearly $300 travel credit. Rewards and Bonuses 100,000 bonus points after you spend $4,000 in purchases within the first three months $300 annual travel credit 3x points on travel and dining worldwide, 1 point per dollar on all other purchases Pros No blackout dates or travel restrictions No foreign transaction fees Cons Each additional card costs $75 per year 5-percent balance transfer and cash advance fees Best Miles Offer Credit Card: United Mileage Plus Explorer Card From Chase Annual fee: $0 for first year, $95 after that Rates: 16.24% to 23.24% APR, variable If you want to earn miles instead of cash back, this card offers 30,000 bonus miles after you spend $1,000 within the first three months. Card members also receive 10,000 additional bonus miles each year they spend $25,000 or more. Rewards and Bonuses 30,000 bonus miles after you spend $1,000 in purchases within the first three months 2x miles earned for every $1 spent on United purchases, 1 mile per $1 spent on all other purchases Pros First checked bag free on United flights Two free United Club one-time passes after account opening and every 12 months thereafter Priority boarding for cardholder and companions Cons Some benefits limited to United flights 5-percent balance transfer and cash advance fees Best Bonus Credit Card for Hotel Stays: The Hyatt Credit Card From Chase Annual fee: $75 Rates: 16.24% to 23.24% APR, variable Earn one night’s free stay at a Hyatt hotel every year with this card, which is a good choice to pair with Hyatt’s loyalty reward program. You can earn two free nights if you apply now and spend $2,000 within the first three months. Rewards and Bonuses Two free nights at Hyatt hotels worldwide after you make $2,000 in purchases within the first three months 3x points per $1 spent on Hyatt properties 2x points per $1 spent at restaurants, airline tickets directly from airlines and car rental agencies Pros Free night’s stay every year No foreign transaction fees Travel and purchase coverage Cons Not great if you prefer hotels other than Hyatt 5-percent balance transfer and cash advance fees Best Credit Card for Business With Highest Cash Back Bonus: Chase Ink Cash Business Credit Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for 12 months Ongoing rates: 13.49% to 19.49% APR, variable This rewards credit card offers free employee cards, along with a way to track and change employee spending limits. You can also earn 5 percent cash back on the first $25,000 worth of purchases you make at office supply stores and other select businesses. Rewards and Bonuses $300 bonus cash back after you spend $3,000 in purchases within the first three months 5 percent cash back on the first $25,000 you spend on combined purchases at office supply stores and phone/internet/cable services each anniversary year 2 percent cash back on the first $25,000 you spend at gas stations and restaurants Pros No limit on credit card rewards 0% APR for balance transfers during first 12 months Cons Penalty interest rate of up to 29.99% APR Short grace period of 20 days Best Travel Bonus Credit Card for Those With Excellent Credit: Capital One Venture Rewards Card Annual fee: $0 for first year, $59 after that Rates: 13.24% to 23.24% APR, variable This card enables you to earn two miles for every dollar you spend, and you can book travel through any airline or travel website, which is great if you don’t want to be tied to a specific airline or hotel company. The card also comes with no foreign transaction fees and full liability coverage. Rewards and Bonuses 40,000 bonus miles after you spend $3,000 within the first three months Unlimited 2x miles per dollar on every purchase Pros Extended warranty protection No foreign transaction fees Cons Up to $35 late fee charge Must have excellent credit Best Travel Credit Card With No Fees: Capital One VentureOne Rewards Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR first 12 months Ongoing rates: 12.24% to 22.24% APR Everyone loves free travel perks for everyday spending — this card comes with a $0 annual fee and you earn 1.25 miles for every $1 you spend as a credit card bonus. Rewards and Bonuses 20,000 bonus miles after you spend $1,000 on purchases within the first three months Unlimited 1.25 miles per dollar you spend on every purchase Pros 24-hour travel assistance Extended warranty coverage Cons Up to $35 late fee charge 3-percent cash advance fee Best Credit Card Offer for Infrequent Spending: Capital One Quicksilver Rewards Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for nine months Ongoing rates: 13.24% to 23.24% APR Many of the best credit cards offer great perks for high spenders. However, you might not use your credit card often but still want to reap the benefits of those perks. The Capital One Quicksilver Rewards card requires you to have credit, and it will earn you 1.5 percent cash back for every purchase you make. Rewards and Bonuses $100 bonus after you spend $500 on purchases within the first three months Unlimited 1.5 percent cash back on every purchase Pros No limit to how much cash back you can earn No foreign transaction fees Cons 3-percent balance transfer and cash advance fees Up to $35 late payment fee Best Business Card With 0% Transfer Fee: Capital One Spark Miles for Business Card Annual fee: $0 for one year, $59 after that Rate: 17.24% APR If you need to transfer your business debt, this card has a $0 transfer fee. You will also earn two miles for every purchase you make, and you can even earn a one-time bonus of 50,000 miles — which is worth $500 — if you spend $4,500 within the first three months. Rewards and Bonuses 50,000 bonus miles after you spend $4,500 in purchases within the first three months 2x per dollar you spend on all purchases Pros Free employee cards $0 fraud liability No foreign transaction fees Cons Penalty interest rate of 29.65% APR $39 late payment fee Best Business Card with 0% APR Offer: Capital One Spark Miles Select for Business Card Annual fee: $0 Introductory rate: 0% APR for nine months Ongoing rates: 13.24% to 21.24% APR, variable Take advantage of this business card’s sign-up bonus of $0 transfer fees and 0% APR for the first nine months. Even better, enjoy a $0 annual fee. You can also earn 20,000 miles after you spend $3,000 in purchases within the first three months. Rewards and Bonuses 20,000 bonus miles after you spend $3,000 on purchases within the first three months 1.5x miles per dollar you spend on all purchases Pros $0 fraud liability Unlimited rewards Cons 3-percent cash advance fee Up to $39 late-payment fee Best Credit Card for Grocery Shopping Bonus: Blue Cash Preferred Card From American Express Card Annual fee: $95 Introductory rate: 0 percent for 12 months Ongoing rates: 13.24% to 23.24% APR Apply for the Blue Cash Preferred Card from American Express by Nov. 11, 2017, and earn 10 percent cash back on amazon.com purchases — up to $200 — in your first six months. You’ll also enjoy low interest rates with 0% APR for the first 12 months. Rewards and Bonuses 10 percent cash back at amazon.com if you apply by Nov. 11, 2017 $250 back after you spend $1,000 on purchases within the first three months 6 percent cash back — up to $6,000 per year — at U.S. grocery stores Pros Return protection Extended warranty coverage Travel accident insurance Cons Amazon.com cash back can be redeemed only as statement credit 3-percent balance transfer and cash advance fees Keep Reading: Best Cash Advance Credit Cards With Low Fees and Low Rates GOBankingRates is a personal finance and consumer interest rate website owned by ConsumerTrack, Inc., an online marketing company serving top-tier banks, credit unions, and other financial services organizations. Some companies mentioned in this article might be clients of ConsumerTrack, Inc., which serves more than 100 national, local and online financial institutions. Rankings and roundups are completely objective, and no institution, client or otherwise, paid for inclusion or specific placement. Any opinions, analyses, reviews or recommendations expressed in this article are those of the author’s alone and have not been reviewed, approved, or otherwise endorsed by the companies included in the article. Share This Article Loophole in CARD Act Results in Credit Card Rates as High as 59% All You Need to Know About Credit Cards Related Articles The Top 9 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About Best Business Credit Card Offers of 2016 10 Best High-Limit Credit Cards 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now These responses are not provided or commissioned by the bank advertiser. Responses have not been reviewed, approved or otherwise endorsed by the bank advertiser. It is not the bank advertiser's responsibility to ensure all posts and/or questions are answered. We would love to hear your comments and feedback Advertiser Disclosure Most Popular Credit Cards Articles 6 Pros and Cons of Store Credit Cards Best Cash Advance Credit Cards With Low Fees and Low Rates Which Credit Cards Do Oprah, Warren Buffett and Kim Kardashian Use? 7 Inventive Ways to Make Money Using Your Credit Card Most Viewed Personal Finance Video Fark Module Find Interest Rates Near Me Banking CD Rates Savings Account Checking Accounts Personal Loans Car Loans Mortgage Rates Credit Cards Go! Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available. Featured In: Back To top GOBankingRates Newsletter: Subscribe × About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers Back To top © 2016 GOBankingRates. All Rights Reserved.
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Instant Analysis: Expedia's Trivago Files for IPO The travel site initially aims to raise up to $400 million. Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:04PM What happened? Confirming rumors that had been swirling for several months, accommodation booking and search company Trivago, currently majority-owned by online travel agency giant Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE), has filed for an initial public offering. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES In the filing, Trivago revealed that it aims to raise up to $400 million in the issue. In conjunction with a number of its shareholders -- but not Expedia -- it will do so by floating American depositary shares, a common form of stock issued by foreign companies that trade on U.S. exchanges. Although Expedia is a U.S.-headquartered company, Trivago is based in Dusseldorf, Germany. In the wake of the stock market flotation, there will be two classes of shares. Class A shares will be the ones issued in the IPO; class B shares will be held by Expedia. No firm date has yet been set for the issue, and Trivago did not specify the number of American depositary shares it plans to sell. The company will list on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol TRVG. The IPO's underwriters are JPMorgan Chase unit JPMorgan Securities, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley. Does it matter? At this early stage, it's hard to determine just how much of an impact the Trivago IPO will have on Expedia's stake. We still don't know how many shares will be offered, plus initial deal sizes have a way of changing as an IPO gets closer to realization. Regardless, Trivago's market debut is sure to be beneficial for Expedia. After all, the online travel incumbent acquired 62% of the fast-growing site in 2012 for around $531 million. This looks like a good deal these days considering that a minority stake is initially being valued at up to $400 million. A boost in the value of the Trivago stake would, theoretically, increase the attractiveness of Expedia. The latter's stock has traded up only slightly this year, in contrast to the nearly 20% rise enjoyed by archrival Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN). The latest developments for Priceline Group have been encouraging; it posted a third quarter that saw revenue rise by 19% on a year-over-year basis and adjusted net profit grow by 20%.  In Expedia's most recently reported quarter, it beat Priceline Group on a revenue growth basis, with top line improving by 33%. Net profit, however, declined slightly due to an increase in expenses. Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Priceline Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Eric has been writing about stocks and finance since the mid-1990s, when he lived in Prague, Czech Republic. Over the course of a varied career, he has also been a radio newscaster, an investment banker, and a bass player in a selection of rock and roll bands. A native New Yorker, he currently lives in Los Angeles. Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:04PM Consumer Goods Stocks Priceline Group NASDAQ:PCLN $1,507.35 down $-5.55 (-0.37%) Expedia NASDAQ:EXPE $125.67 down $0.91 (-0.72%) Read More Investing in the Online Travel Industry: Does Your Portfolio Need a Getaway? Instant Analysis: Report Says Expedia Picks Underwriters for Trivago IPO TripAdvisor Trips Over Itself as Growth Falls Short Americans' Tastes Are Changing -- How You Can Profit Why Expedia Inc. Stock Flew Higher Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Instant Analysis: Expedia's Trivago Files for IPO Fox News Fox Business News Instant Analysis: Expedia&#039;s Trivago Files for IPO By Eric Volkman - November 18, 2016 149 What happened? Continue Reading Below Confirming rumors that had been swirling for several months, accommodation booking and search company Trivago, currently majority-owned by online travel agency giant Expedia (NASDAQ: EXPE), has filed for an initial public offering. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES In the filing, Trivago revealed that it aims to raise up to $400 million in the issue. In conjunction with a number of its shareholders — but not Expedia — it will do so by floating American depositary shares, a common form of stock issued by foreign companies that trade on U.S. exchanges. More From Fool.com Although Expedia is a U.S.-headquartered company, Trivago is based in Dusseldorf, Germany. In the wake of the stock market flotation, there will be two classes of shares. Class A shares will be the ones issued in the IPO; class B shares will be held by Expedia. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT No firm date has yet been set for the issue, and Trivago did not specify the number of American depositary shares it plans to sell. The company will list on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol TRVG. The IPO’s underwriters are JPMorgan Chase unit JPMorgan Securities, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley. Does it matter? At this early stage, it’s hard to determine just how much of an impact the Trivago IPO will have on Expedia’s stake. We still don’t know how many shares will be offered, plus initial deal sizes have a way of changing as an IPO gets closer to realization. Regardless, Trivago’s market debut is sure to be beneficial for Expedia. After all, the online travel incumbent acquired 62% of the fast-growing site in 2012 for around $531 million. This looks like a good deal these days considering that a minority stake is initially being valued at up to $400 million. A boost in the value of the Trivago stake would, theoretically, increase the attractiveness of Expedia. The latter’s stock has traded up only slightly this year, in contrast to the nearly 20% rise enjoyed by archrival Priceline Group (NASDAQ: PCLN). The latest developments for Priceline Group have been encouraging; it posted a third quarter that saw revenue rise by 19% on a year-over-year basis and adjusted net profit grow by 20%. In Expedia’s most recently reported quarter, it beat Priceline Group on a revenue growth basis, with top line improving by 33%. Net profit, however, declined slightly due to an increase in expenses. 10 stocks we like better than Expedia When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Expedia wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Priceline Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleThis Threat to Intel Corporation Probably Isn&#039;t Real Next articleArgentines protesters demand law to fight growing poverty Eric Volkman RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Why Donald Trump Wasn't Completely Wrong About Ford's Plans for Mexico Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Search WGMD 45 F Rehoboth Beach, DE Sunday, November 20, 2016 LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET Home Fox News Fox Business News Janet Yellen Says Interest Rates Could Rise “Relatively Soon” Fox News Fox Business News Janet Yellen Says Interest Rates Could Rise “Relatively Soon” By John Maxfield - November 18, 2016 64 Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. Continue Reading Below The good news keeps rolling in for banks. On Thursday, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, told Congress that an interest rate hike “could well become appropriate relatively soon.” Interest rates are the single most important variable for investors in bank stocks to watch right now. It’s why I’ve talked ad nauseam about the issue for much of the past year, as the most widely held bank stocks — JPMorgan Chase (NYSE: JPM), Bank of America (NYSE: BAC), Citigroup (NYSE: C), and Wells Fargo (NYSE: WFC) — all stand to profit handsomely once rates increase in earnest. Indeed, the most likely reason to explain why all four of these stocks climbed on Thursday was Yellen’s testimony. More From Fool.com Bank Thursday (11/17) Stock Performance JPMorgan Chase 0.65% Bank of America 1.64% Wells Fargo 1.72% Citigroup 1.71% Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT Three reasons Yellen is optimistic Yellen focused on three specific things in her remarks to Congress, the first being the rosy jobs picture. The unemployment rate stayed at 4.9% in October, which continues to be below the Fed’s definition of maximum employment, defined as an unemployment rate of 5%. The Fed chairwoman noted that the rate of jobs growth continues to be “above trend” and that the labor force participation rate has remained constant despite headwinds from an aging population — which, holding all else equal, causes labor force participation to fall as retirees exit the workforce. But the best sign on the employment front in the United States right now relates to jobless claims. The latest data, released Thursday, shows that the number of Americans applying for first-time unemployment benefits dropped to the lowest level in more than four decades. You have to go back to 1973 to see a comparable level. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. Yellen also found economic growth data to be a positive sign. Although output grew at just 1% for the first six months of 2016, it’s estimated to have nearly tripled to just under 3% in the third quarter. It did so in spite of the ongoing concerns about the integrity of the European Union and moderating growth in China. Last but not least, the one area that monetary policymakers continue to watch for improvement is inflation. And while the most recent data shows that inflation remains below the Fed’s 2% target rate — it came in at 1.6% in October — the trend in consumer prices is heading in the right direction as well. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. This is the variable, in turn, that investors in JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Citigroup should watch most closely. The higher inflation goes, the more likely the Fed is to raise rates and thereby boost the amount of money that each of these banks earns from their multibillion-dollar portfolios of loans and securities. On the low end, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase will earn between $2 billion and $3 billion in added net interest income each year from a 1-percentage-point increase in rates. On the high end, Bank of America’s net interest income would climb by $5.3 billion under the same scenario. (Wells Fargo’s disclosures around interest rate sensitivity are less specific.) With this in mind, Yellen’s comments about a possible rate hike coming soon should be music to bank investors’ ears. According to the Fed chief, at the latest meeting of the committee in charge of monetary policy, its members “judged that the case for an increase in the target range had continued to strengthen and that such an increase could well become appropriate relatively soon.” 10 stocks we like better than Bank of America When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Bank of America wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of November 7, 2016 John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleJudge: Mom&#039;s confession in sons&#039; deaths can be used at trial Next articleInstant Analysis: Expedia&#039;s Trivago Files for IPO John Maxfield RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Foe dubs proposed Providence high-rises 'towers of evil' 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Is Cutting the Cord With Cable Worth It? Why Donald Trump Wasn't Completely Wrong About Ford's Plans for Mexico Just in Time for Christmas, AeroVironment Unveils Its New Drone Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube HOME NEWS WGMD LOCAL NEWS LOWER EASTERN SHORE NEWS HEADLINE NEWS NATIONAL NEWS BUSINESS NEWS WORLD NEWS FOX NEWS OPINION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY HEALTH NEWS WEATHER & TRAFFIC WEATHER CLOSINGS & DELAYS STORM CENTER TRAFFIC SPORTS BALTIMORE Baltimore Orioles Baltimore Ravens Delmarva Shorebirds WASHINGTON Washington Capitals Washington Nationals Washington Redskins Washington Wizards PHILADELPHIA Philadelphia Eagles Philadelphia Flyers Philadelphia Phillies Philadelphia 76ers Wilmington Blue Rocks COLLEGE OTHER SPORTS NASCAR LISTEN LISTEN LIVE PROGRAM SCHEDULE WGMD SHOWS MIKE BRADLEY BOB STEELE DUKE BROOKS WGMD TV EXTRAS ADMINISTRATION OPENINGS EEO PRIVACY TERMS OF USE CONTACT / PSAs PICTURE OF THE DAY COMMUNITY EVENTS CALENDAR WGMD FLEA MARKET © Resort Broadcasting Company, LLC 2016 - Designed and Managed by DATATECH DIGITAL in association with OXLEY EVERYTHING WEB
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Instant Analysis: Expedia's Trivago Files for IPO The travel site initially aims to raise up to $400 million. Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:04PM What happened? Confirming rumors that had been swirling for several months, accommodation booking and search company Trivago, currently majority-owned by online travel agency giant Expedia (NASDAQ:EXPE), has filed for an initial public offering. IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES In the filing, Trivago revealed that it aims to raise up to $400 million in the issue. In conjunction with a number of its shareholders -- but not Expedia -- it will do so by floating American depositary shares, a common form of stock issued by foreign companies that trade on U.S. exchanges. Although Expedia is a U.S.-headquartered company, Trivago is based in Dusseldorf, Germany. In the wake of the stock market flotation, there will be two classes of shares. Class A shares will be the ones issued in the IPO; class B shares will be held by Expedia. No firm date has yet been set for the issue, and Trivago did not specify the number of American depositary shares it plans to sell. The company will list on the Nasdaq under the ticker symbol TRVG. The IPO's underwriters are JPMorgan Chase unit JPMorgan Securities, Goldman Sachs, and Morgan Stanley. Does it matter? At this early stage, it's hard to determine just how much of an impact the Trivago IPO will have on Expedia's stake. We still don't know how many shares will be offered, plus initial deal sizes have a way of changing as an IPO gets closer to realization. Regardless, Trivago's market debut is sure to be beneficial for Expedia. After all, the online travel incumbent acquired 62% of the fast-growing site in 2012 for around $531 million. This looks like a good deal these days considering that a minority stake is initially being valued at up to $400 million. A boost in the value of the Trivago stake would, theoretically, increase the attractiveness of Expedia. The latter's stock has traded up only slightly this year, in contrast to the nearly 20% rise enjoyed by archrival Priceline Group (NASDAQ:PCLN). The latest developments for Priceline Group have been encouraging; it posted a third quarter that saw revenue rise by 19% on a year-over-year basis and adjusted net profit grow by 20%.  In Expedia's most recently reported quarter, it beat Priceline Group on a revenue growth basis, with top line improving by 33%. Net profit, however, declined slightly due to an increase in expenses. Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Priceline Group. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Eric Volkman (TMFVolkman) Eric has been writing about stocks and finance since the mid-1990s, when he lived in Prague, Czech Republic. Over the course of a varied career, he has also been a radio newscaster, an investment banker, and a bass player in a selection of rock and roll bands. A native New Yorker, he currently lives in Los Angeles. Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:04PM Consumer Goods Stocks Priceline Group NASDAQ:PCLN $1,507.35 down $-5.55 (-0.37%) Expedia NASDAQ:EXPE $125.67 down $0.91 (-0.72%) Read More Investing in the Online Travel Industry: Does Your Portfolio Need a Getaway? Instant Analysis: Report Says Expedia Picks Underwriters for Trivago IPO TripAdvisor Trips Over Itself as Growth Falls Short Americans' Tastes Are Changing -- How You Can Profit Why Expedia Inc. Stock Flew Higher Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Home World news Here are the top contenders for key jobs in Donald Trump’s administration Here are the top contenders for key jobs in Donald Trump’s administration Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job. By: Reuters | Washington | Published: November 20, 2016 4:59 AM Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job.(Associated Press) President-elect Donald Trump held talks on Saturday with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a meeting between famous foes fueling speculation that Romney could be in line to be the new US secretary of state. Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job. On Friday it was announced that Trump had chosen Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to be national security adviser and Republican Congressman Mike Pompeo to head the CIA. Trump announced on Sunday he would make Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus his White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump’s campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, ex-CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp SUPREME COURT VACANCY The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. LABOR SECRETARY * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants.   Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Search FACTBOX-Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration by Reuters Saturday, 19 November 2016 22:33 GMT Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says Myanmar refugee doctor wins humanitarian prize for clinic in Thailand 'The old me is gone': Rise in transgender children in UK fuels identity fears Impoverished families flout Guatemala's child marriage ban Myanmar's abused, intimidated LGBT people long for acceptance in new era By Ginger Gibson and Richard Cowan WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump held talks on Saturday with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a meeting between famous foes fueling speculation that Romney could be in line to be the new U.S. secretary of state. Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job. On Friday it was announced that Trump had chosen Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to be national security adviser and Republican Congressman Mike Pompeo to head the CIA. Trump announced on Sunday he would make Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus his White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, ex-CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp SUPREME COURT VACANCY The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. LABOR SECRETARY * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants. (Additional reporting by Caren Bohan and Steve Holland; Editing by Mary Milliken) Share Tweet Share Email Comment EXPLORE MORE NEWS Yemen truce strained by reports of air strikes and fighting Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid-UN refugee chief In Mali, waning fortunes of Fulani herders play into Islamist hands Syrian family of six among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2016 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Merkel says wants to run for 4th term as German Chancellor French conservatives choose candidate for 2017 presidential election Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine Syrian family, pupils among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says Join Us Comments Close FACTBOX-Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration We welcome comments that advance the story through relevant opinion, anecdotes, links and data. If you see a comment that you believe is irrelevant or inappropriate, you can flag it to our editors by using the report abuse links. Views expressed in the comments do not represent those of the Thomson Reuters Foundation. For more information see our Acceptable Use Policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration By Reuters Published: 17:37 EST, 19 November 2016 | Updated: 17:37 EST, 19 November 2016 e-mail By Ginger Gibson and Richard Cowan WASHINGTON, Nov 19 (Reuters) - President-elect Donald Trump held talks on Saturday with 2012 Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney, a meeting between famous foes fueling speculation that Romney could be in line to be the new U.S. secretary of state. Working to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20, Trump also met for an hour with retired Marine General James Mattis, who is considered a strong contender for defense secretary or another high-ranking job. On Friday it was announced that Trump had chosen Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to be national security adviser and Republican Congressman Mike Pompeo to head the CIA. Trump announced on Sunday he would make Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus his White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * James Mattis, retired Marine general * David Petraeus, ex-CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp SUPREME COURT VACANCY The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. LABOR SECRETARY * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants. (Additional reporting by Caren Bohan and Steve Holland; Editing by Mary Milliken) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Justin, where's your car? Bieber 'loses' blue Ferrari after night out... and it takes three weeks to work out where he left it! Oops doesn't cover it! Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The cobalt outfit clung to her slender frame 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Log In Register My Account My Profile My Comments My Reviews My Friends Sign Out FOLLOW: Facebook Twitter Instagram Subscribe to New York Magazine Give a Gift Subscription of New York Magazine Digital Edition of New York Magazine Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. NYMag.com Daily Intelligencer Vulture The Cut Science of Us Select All Grub Street Bedford & Bowery Like Us Follow Us Get the Newsletter Newsletter Get Daily Intelligencerʼs Top Stories Delivered Daily Enter your email Thank you for signing up! An error occurred. Please try again. Close the newsletter signup modal. Popular on NYMag.com Ad will collapse in seconds… CLOSE November 17, 2016 4:25 p.m. Trump Has Made Wall Street Giddy Again By Eric Levitz Share Facebook iconShare Twitter iconTweet LinkedIn iconShare Google Plus iconShare Email iconEmail Comment iconComment Print icon Print Steve Mnuchin at Trump Tower.Photo: Drew Angerer/Getty Images The finance industry had resigned itself to another eight years of burdensome regulations, subpoenas, and instantly viral harangues from an ever more powerful Elizabeth Warren. More than resigned — most of Wall Street had consented to this fate. The banking industry channeled the bulk of its campaign donations into Hillary Clinton’s campaign. Among corporate titans more broadly, only one chief executive of an S&P 100 company — Emerson Electric’s David Farr — invested in Donald Turump’s presidential bid. This industry-wide shunning of Trump — combined with the candidate’s manifest unfitness for office and radically incoherent policy agenda — fed a common wisdom that the mogul’s election would be a pox on the market. And then the Republican nominee won. And Wall Street suddenly remembered that Trump had promised tax cuts and deregulation — and bankers love tax cuts and deregulation. Then the populist crusader — who had accused hedge-fund managers of “getting away with murder,” derided his opponent as a puppet of the big banks, and vowed to “drain the [D.C.] swamp” (that special interests had turned so fetid) — revealed that he and Wall Street have the same taste in economic managers. Per Politico: Former Goldman Sachs banker Steven Mnuchin has been seen at Trump Tower amid rumors that he’s the leading candidate for Treasury secretary. Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross appears headed to the Commerce Department. Steve Bannon, another Goldman alum, will work steps from the Oval Office. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon remains a possibility as Treasury secretary and will serve as an outside adviser if he doesn’t get the job. It’s a restoration of Wall Street power — and a potential flip in the way the industry is regulated — perhaps unparalleled in American history. “There is a joke going around here that if I’d have known how good Trump was going to be for Wall Street, I’d have campaigned for him,” one Goldman Sachs executive told the outlet. “What people are reacting to is this incredible cultural shift. People thought it might be 10 or 15 years until regulators stopped demanding heads and now all of a sudden you can envision it happening overnight.” The S&P 500’s financial companies saw their stocks jump 11 percent the week after the election. And it isn’t hard to see why. Trump’s advisers have already signaled that they will eliminate the Obama administration’s “fiduciary rule,” which requires financial advisers to put their clients’ interests ahead of their own (specifically, it bars advisers from dumping lousy products onto their clients, for the sake removing them from their own firms’ balance sheets). Trump’s team has also promised to repeal the vast majority of the post-crisis financial reforms passed through Dodd-Frank. Meanwhile, the president-elect is expected to deliver massive, supply-side tax cuts and deficit spending — a recipe for Keynesianism, country-club style, that’s likely to spur faster growth (in the short term), higher interest rates, and an even greater concentration of wealth in the hands of the few. Thus, Trump has done wonders for the economic anxiety of any banking executive who wasn’t sure that he (or she) could afford that new winter home or second yacht. And that giddy relief seems to have dispelled any worries they may have previously harbored about entrusting an emotionally volatile authoritarian with the most powerful army in human history. “There’s a good chance that the ‘craziness’ factor will be smaller and play a lesser role in driving outcomes than many had feared,” Ray Dalio, founder of Bridgewater Associates, the world’s largest hedge fund, wrote on LinkedIn this week. “Our very preliminary assessment is that on the economic front, the developments are broadly positive—the straws in the wind suggest that many of the people under consideration … probably won’t recklessly and stupidly drive the economy into a ditch.” Even if we bracket the concern that Trump will use state power to entrench a kleptocracy, there’s reason to think his economic plans will cause havoc in the long run. The argument for expansionary fiscal policy at a time of low inflation and low interest rates is strong — but the case for pursuing that policy primarily through tax cuts for the very wealthy is not. Trump’s plan will do little to shore up the bargaining power — and, thus, the purchasing power — of ordinary American workers. His deregulatory measures heighten the risk of further financial crisis. And his profligate deficit spending could eventually lead to higher borrowing costs — and will immediately strengthen calls for decimating social spending on the poor, the sick, and the elderly. And then, of course, Trump’s agenda has a high chance of ensuring the end of organized human life within a matter of centuries. But there’s an old Wall Street saying about the importance of living in the moment: “[By the time shit hits the fan] I’ll be gone and you’ll be gone.” (And so will the Medicaid expansion. And Bangladesh.) Tags: donald trumpwall streetpopulismtax cutsderegulationdodd frankelizabeth warrenMore Share on Facebook Tweet this Story Top StoriesTrump Met With His Indian Business Partners Last Week, Raising Pay-to-Play FearsJohn McCain Warns Trump Not to Bring Back TortureForeign Diplomats Are Apparently Lining up to Do Business at Trump’s D.C. Hotel Most Viewed Stories Here’s What President Obama Told Sasha and Malia After Trump Won the Election All the Terrifying Things That Donald Trump Did This Week Michael Shannon Tells Trump Supporters It’s Their Time to Die Now Donald Trump Continues His Hamilton Attacks, Says the Show Is ‘Highly Overrated’ Donald Trump Building Team of Racists How the Loyal Opposition Will Work in Trump’s America Here’s the First Designer to Say She Won’t Dress Melania Trump Mike Pence Says He ‘Wasn’t Offended’ by This Whole Hamilton Situation Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump Returns to SNL and Comes to the Horrifying Realization That He Has to Fulfill His Campaign Promises Ivanka Trump Should Show Us the Women Who Work to Make Her Life Possible Most Watched on Daily Intelligencer Latest News from Daily Intelligencer 12 mins ago Trump Met With His Indian Business Partners Last Week, Raising Pay-to-Play Fears But Trump’s new Chief of Staff says the American people have nothing to worry about. Yesterday at 6:38 p.m. John McCain Warns Trump Not to Bring Back Torture Trump and the majority of his staff want to bring back waterboarding. McCain says he’ll take them to court if they try. Yesterday at 4:21 p.m. Foreign Diplomats Are Apparently Lining up to Do Business at Trump’s D.C. Hotel The conflict of interest between Trump’s presidency and his businesses is no longer hypothetical. Yesterday at 10:33 a.m. Trump: The ‘Only Bad Thing’ About Becoming President Is Settling Fraud Case He’s upset with the consequences of the election too. 11/18/2016 at 6:12 p.m. Every Terrifying Thing That Donald Trump Did This Week All the norms the president-elect has already destroyed. 11/18/2016 at 5:53 p.m. Where Does 2020 Presidential Candidate Kanye West Stand on the Issues? He’s concerned about prison reform and income inequality, but may be anti-book. 11/18/2016 at 5:39 p.m. Why Latino Voters Didn’t Bury Trump Trump may have done better than Romney among Latinos. Some may have been indifferent to immigration policy, while others really did not like Mitt. 11/18/2016 at 5:28 p.m. What the Trump U. Case and Trump’s Candidacy Have in Common The president-elect has dodged litigation with a $25 million settlement, but the saga illuminates how he sees the working class. 11/18/2016 at 4:28 p.m. NATO Says President-elect Trump Agrees on the ‘Enduring Importance’ of Alliance Trump talked with the secretary general Friday. 11/18/2016 at 3:59 p.m. Steve Bannon Says ‘Darkness Is Good’ — and So Is Deficit Spending Trump’s chief strategist says America should spend billions on infrastructure while interest rates are low … and that “darkness” gives him “power.” 11/18/2016 at 2:27 p.m. Sessions As Attorney General Means Criminal-Justice Reform Is Dead Many years of work across ideological and party lines to address the mass incarceration caused by the war on drugs have probably gone down the drain. 11/18/2016 at 12:31 p.m. The North Pole Is Basically Hot Right Now A spike in Arctic temperatures and a record-low ice-sheet extent add to 2016’s climatic woes. 11/18/2016 at 12:20 p.m. Will the Trump Administration Launch a Civil War Over Legal Weed? Trump’s pick for attorney general is America’s leading opponent of legal pot. Will Jeff Sessions enforce federal prohibition or honor states’ rights? 11/18/2016 at 10:40 a.m. 2016 Had a Lot in Common With the 1920 Election This wasn’t the first time Americans cast votes to resist rapid change. 11/18/2016 at 9:53 a.m. Donald Trump Building Team of Racists It’s like Lincoln’s cabinet, but with racists. 11/18/2016 at 9:14 a.m. Trumps Taps Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for CIA The first two black attorneys general will be succeeded by a man who once “joked” that his only problem with the KKK was that “they smoked pot.” 11/18/2016 at 8:34 a.m. Trump Tower, Fifth Avenue, and the Militarization of Urban Public Space Trump’s election has turned his stretch of Fifth into the urban equivalent of the security line at JFK. 11/18/2016 at 8:15 a.m. No, Christians Were Not Driven by Persecution to Vote for Donald Trump Some argue progressive and LGBT hounding of conservative Christians has frightened them into supporting Trump. It’s a really bad excuse. 11/18/2016 at 6:07 a.m. Ivanka Prepares to Run Trump’s Business by Meeting Japan’s Prime Minister She sat in on her father’s meeting with Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe. 11/18/2016 at 4:57 a.m. Trump Takes Credit for Keeping Ford Factory in U.S. – But It Was Never Moving Several media outlets picked up on the false suggestion that American jobs were saved, thanks to Trump. Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Feedly Privacy Terms Sitemap Media Kit Ad Choices About Us Contacts Feedback We’re Hiring! © 2016, New York Media LLC. View all trademarks LOG IN REGISTER Social Account Facebook or Remember Me Forgot Password? Sign up with a social account: Facebook Don’t worry. We will never post to your social media account without your permission. or create an account Female Male NYMag.com may email me about new site features and special offers. By creating an account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. We’ve sent a registration confirmation email to . Please follow the instructions in the email within 48 hours to complete your registration. Forgot Your Password? Enter your email address or username and we’ll email instructions on how to reset your password. This username or email is associated with a Facebook account. Log in with your social account: Facebook Check Your Inbox We’ve sent you an email with instructions on how to reset your password. Choose a Username Your username will appear next to your comments. Email: By creating a NYMag.com account, you agree with the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. You already have an account registered under . You can link your Facebook account to your existing account. No, Sign In Welcome! You are now a registered user of NYMag.com, TheCut.com, Vulture.com, ScienceOfUs.com and GrubStreet.com. Want more? Subscribe to our daily newsletters. Daily Intelligencer Constant news updates on politics, business, media, and real estate. Vulture Breaking news and analysis on all the latest TV, movies, music, books, theater, and art. The Cut Get the latest fashion, beauty, and shopping news and recommendations. No Thanks We're sorry. You must confirm your registration within 48 hours of submitting your registration request. Please register again. You are already registered. Please log in. Reset Your Password Enter a new password Your password has been successfully changed. Please log in.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Sun, Nov 20, 2016 - Page 16　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp US banks shut rupee trade after large bills outlawed Bloomberg A man holds a charred facsimile of the discontinued 500 rupee note after a protest by a traders association demanding adequate arrangement to exchange discontinued currency notes outside the Reserve Bank of India in Kolkata, India, on Wednesday. Photo: AP Aruna Desai has a problem with the thousands of Indian rupees she has with her in the US — she cannot find a bank to exchange her funds and could not give the money away if she tried. Since Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed 500 and 1,000 rupee notes (US$7.34 and US$14.67) from circulation, currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills. Some of the nation’s biggest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc, work with vendors to provide rupees to clients and those vendors have made the bills unavailable, spokesmen for the banks said. Wells Fargo & Co also said it cannot supply rupees at this time, while Bank of America Corp said it has never accepted the currency for exchange. “If you have a euro, you can go to a bank and exchange it,” Desai, 76, of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, said in a telephone interview. “For an Indian rupee, I don’t think there’s any bank that does that here.” The large rupee notes ceased to be legal tender on Wednesday last week, Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86 percent of the total currency in circulation. The move has been seen as an attempt to fulfill his election promise of curbing tax evasion and recovering illegal income, locally known as black money, stashed overseas. The notes will have to be deposited in banks by the end of next month, Modi said. “For our clients, it’s very hard,” Nandita Chandra, head of Great Indian Travel Co’s New York office, said in a telephone interview while visiting New Delhi. “A lot of people are affected and we don’t have a culture that is credit-card friendly; it’s a cash-based economy.” Mastercard Inc, the second-largest payment network, heralded the move as one that will reduce crime and drive growth in the Indian economy. Modi’s “bold action and leadership is a critical step in positioning India to be a leader in the global cashless and digital economy movement,” Porush Singh, the firm’s president for South Asia, said in a statement. “Mastercard is committed to working with the government to provide the cashless solutions that combat corruption and create growth, and inclusion for all members of society.” Travelex Ltd, which operates more than 200 currency exchange stores in the US, said it is unable to accept the 500 and 1,000 rupee bills from customers because it cannot repatriate the cash in bulk under India’s current rules, said Lucie Smith, a spokeswoman for the London-based company. Western Union Co, the world’s largest money-transfer service, said for those locations facing a shortage of rupees, customers are able to receive checks or remittances to their bank accounts. “A lot of people are trying to give money to their friends to spend it, or else it will go to waste,” said Desai, who makes a yearly trip to India to work at a medical camp. If she cannot find a place to exchange or use the bills, she’ll “just have to throw it away,” Desai said. This story has been viewed 1276 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Private prisons see gold in immigrants The Daily Beast 1 day ago Justin Glawe Click to expand Replay Video New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Embattled bank Wells Fargo announced this week that new account openings fell by 44 percent in the month October and new credit card applications have fallen by over 50 percent. New figures released show that foot traffic to branches is also down, with "branch banker interactions" down 22 percent from 2015. The figures come in the wake of a sales practice scandal that triggered multiple lawsuits, an enormous $185 million fine and the resignation of the company's longtime CEO John Stumpf. Wochit Business Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric Amazon's latest commercial targets anti-Muslim rhetoric by highlighting commonalities between a priest and an imam. CNN Money 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 The house that inspired the 1979 horror film “The Amityville Horror” has reportedly been sold after a listing of $850,00. The 5,000 square-foot home, which was built in 1927, boasts five bedrooms, three-and-a-half bathrooms, a boathouse and a slip and supposedly, plenty of demons. According to real estate site Redfin, the seller bought the property back in 2010 for $950,000, way below the asking price $1.15 million. Wochit News PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Trump Will Create Profit For Private Prisons Wochit News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next New figures show bad news for Wells Fargo Wochit Business0:51 Amazon's new ad: A response to anti-Muslim rhetoric CNN Money1:03 'Amityville Horror' house sells for $850,000 Wochit News0:45 One man in Georgia might have been inflating chicken prices nationwide Newsy1:07 Lego opens its biggest store in the world in London The Wall Street Journal.1:08 5 tips to help you save this holiday season Entrepreneur2:46 Trump says he helped keep Ford plant from moving CNBC0:38 McDonald's CEO: We are modernizing your burger experience CNN Money3:13 Volkswagen shedding 30,000 jobs Wochit Business0:39 How Trump's policies will impact IPOs Bloomberg3:28 Yellen on Dodd-Frank: 'I wouldn't want to see the clock turned back' CNN Money2:36 Couple’s guide to collecting Social Security CNBC1:43 Alaska's pot businesses must pay taxes in cash Wochit Business0:43 Trump rode $5 billion in free media to the White House The Street0:59 South Africa game industry counts drought costs Reuters1:42 Trump's family matters: Mixing business, government Bloomberg2:38 UP NEXT It doesn't matter that children caught pneumonia in one detention center, the business that runs it sees boom times with Donald Trump's plan to lock up millions. DALLAS—When the children were released from the privately run immigration detention facility in Karnes City, Texas, they were immediately taken to the emergency room with pneumonia. Quotes in the article The GEO Group Inc GEO ▲ 30.23 +0.24 +0.80% Graham Holdings Co GHC ▲ 479.20 +1.75 +0.37% Homeland Security Corp HSCC ▲ 0.0199 +0.0021 +12.04% JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM ▼ 77.71 -0.31 -0.40% Over the past few months, several children who fled from violence in South and Central America with their mothers have been hospitalized after leaving the facility run by GEO Group, a private prison company that saw its stocks jump following Election Day. The children’s health problems were the result of poor medical care inside what is essentially a prison for mothers and their children, according to Amy Fischer of the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services. With Donald Trump now president-elect, the Karnes City facility and a dozen more like it across the country are preparing to fill even more beds with immigrants and refugees. GEO Group and another private prison company, Corrections Corporation of America, are also preparing for more large, lucrative contracts with the federal government to run the detention centers. Both companies saw their stock prices soar following Trump’s historic and shocking win. “If we see how the stocks skyrocketed, I think they see this as a huge opportunity for profit,” Fischer said of the two companies. Of the 1,000 largest companies in the country, Forbes reported the day after Trump’s victory, “the biggest winner of the election was Corrections Corporation of America.” CCA’s stock shot up 49 percent that day thanks to Trump’s promise to enact mass deportations as president. GEO’s stock rose 21 percent the same day. But it isn’t just the two companies who have an interest in detaining more immigrants. A report released Thursday shows that some of the country’s largest banks profit off fees and interest payments from the two companies—both of which rely on such debt financing for their daily operations. The report (PDF), compiled by In the Public Interest, which describes itself as a “comprehensive research and policy center,” shows the two companies have nearly $2 billion in debt each from lenders including JP Morgan Chase, Wells Fargo, and Bank of America. Without them, GEO Group and CCA would have difficulty operating, according to the report. In the Public Interest calls for the banks to immediately halt debt financing to GEO Group and CCA. If the banks did so, the “companies will be forced to find other sources of funds, which would significantly reduce their operations and growth.” Some of those operations include significant donations to Republican lawmakers in Congress, many of whom have harsh stances on crime and immigration, according to Fischer. “You can trace their campaign contributions to some of the most aggressive anti-immigrant politicians both at the state and federal level,” Fischer said. Those contributions are in addition to the millions both companies spent on lobbying politicians between 2004 and 2014, according to a 2015 report from the liberal Center for American Progress. For its part, CCA says it makes a point not to lobby for specific criminal justice laws. “It is CoreCivic’s longstanding policy not to draft, lobby for, promote or in any way take a position on proposals, policies or legislation that determine the basis or duration of an individual’s incarceration or detention,” CCA spokesman Jonathan Burns told International Business Times this week. On top of helping to fund its daily operations, large loans from banks have helped GEO Group and CCA to purchase smaller corrections companies, the report notes, allowing them to become the two largest private prison companies in the country. Under Trump, they may have the opportunity to grow even larger. In June the president-elect told MSNBC’s Chris Matthews that privatization of prisons “seems to work a lot better.” The comment came two months before the Department of Justice, citing security problems and poor conditions at private prisons nationwide, said it would phase out the use of private companies to run federal penal institutions. Whether Trump still believes private prisons are superior to those run by the government is unknown, but GEO Group and CCA have the president-elect’s comments on immigration to lift their spirits—and, possibly, their bottom line.© Photo Illustration by Kelly Caminero/The Daily Beast private prison boom for Trump immigration plan In a 60 Minutes interview on Sunday, Trump pledged to deport between 2 and 3 million immigrants, making it a priority to remove those with criminal records. Whether there even are that many who fall into that category is a matter of debate, to put it charitably. If there are that many criminal illegal aliens, Trump would have to make good on his campaign promise of creating a “deportation force” to remove them—a promise House Speaker Paul Ryan assured the American public last week was only lip service. Illegal immigrants with criminal records are an easy target for deportation, but the immigration plan on Trump’s website makes no distinction for men, women, and children fleeing violent countries like El Salvador, where some 4,000 people had been murdered by October, according to The Washington Post. “Anyone who crosses the border illegally will be detained until they are removed out of our country,” Trump’s official immigration policy statement reads. Whether Trump intends to kick out the tens of thousands of refugees fleeing South and Central American violence remains to be seen, but what is clear is that GEO Group and CCA see Trump’s win as a boon for business. “As you know, the need for new infrastructure has been frequently discussed during this election season,” CCA Vice President of Finance Brian Hammonds said in a November call with investors just before the election. “And (CCA) is positioned to assist government organizations in making investments to modernize their mission-critical criminal justice infrastructure, while allowing them to maintain their borrowing capacity to address other capital needs.” In layman’s terms, “we’re about to get paid.” The call came after U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement renewed a contract with CCA in October to operate the South Texas Family Residential Center in Dilley, Texas, a $1 billion dollar deal that runs through 2020. Prior to the contract renewal, the company’s future was grim—stock prices dove following the August Justice Department decree that called for the end of private companies running federal prisons. Partly in response, CCA changed its name to CoreCivic and, in the November call with investors, Hammond said the rebranding was part of an effort to change the company into a “diversified government solutions provider.” The name change had nothing to do with problems at CCA-run facilities, like the deadly 2015 gang fight at an Oklahoma prison that left four men dead, Hammonds said. “Despite poorly sourced claims from industry critics and activists to the contrary, our continued focus on operational excellence, flexibility, and our compelling value proposition have continued to create opportunities for the company to grow where our partners need and want solutions that we can deliver,” Hammonds said during the call. Except Trump’s pledge that may be difficult to meet, a brief look at federal data shows. It has taken President Obama six years to deport 2.5 million people, according to a 2015 Department of Homeland Security report. Last year, DHS, ICE, and Customs and Border Patrol deported less than 1 million people combined. More than 30,000 of those men, women, and children were from South and Central America, according to the report, and at least 40,000 more such refugees are currently being held in private detention centers like the ones in Karnes City and Dilley, Fischer said. That number is expected to increase, as the renewed contract for the Dilley facility indicates. Along with an expected increase in detentions will come a greater burden on an already overworked system in which “credible fear” interviews are held. There, DHS hears arguments from refugees who say a return to their home country would put them at risk of injury or death. “Unfortunately, there’s no right to counsel in these proceedings, so what we do is prep the mothers as much as we can ahead of these interviews,” Fischer said. In Karnes City, a family facility that holds mostly mothers and their children, Fischer and other advocates have a high success rate—roughly 90 percent of refugees there are granted the right to stay in the United States and eventually seek citizenship. In official terms, their fear is credible. Now, they have a new fear: President Trump. “I think the immigrant community is right to be very scared,” Fischer said. “At the same time, it’s an expansive system and I don’t think Trump has really thought through the intricacies of what it would take to deport the amount of people he has mentioned.” If Trump’s words are to be trusted, no one currently in a detention facility or caught crossing the border illegally after Jan. 20 will have the opportunity to prove they have a credible fear of returning to their home country. “As we look forward to a Trump presidency we expect this to only be more aggressive,” Fischer said. Go to MSN Home More in Money 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money What Trump's win could mean for older Americans CBS News 30 things you should never buy without a coupon GOBankingRates 6 brand mascots that actually existed in real life Business Insider 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money Up Next The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Daily Beast When ‘Energy’ Drinks Had Real Energy The Daily Beast Kanye West Loses Mind, Calls Out Beyoncé The Daily Beast That ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Shock Ending The Daily Beast The American Behind the Pope’s Crisis The Daily Beast The Daily Beast View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളംதமிழ் తెలుగు Facebook Twitter Google Plus Home News India International Sports Business Features Sports Cricket Football Leagues Movies Bollywood Hollywood Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Television Photo Gallery Lifestyle Beauty Cookery Insync Health Home n Garden Pregnancy n Parenting Relationship Auto Four Wheelers Two Wheelers Reviews Offbeat Photos Videos New Car On-road Prices Gadgets Mobile Tablet Reviews Gadgets Travel Hotels Flights Articles Money News Classroom Personal Finance Mutual Fund Insurance Videos Coupons Makemytrip eBay Jabong Amazon Godaddy Paytm Flipkart Shopclues Zivame Cleartrip Education Other Languages বাংলা ગુજરાતી हिन्दी ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം தமிழ் తెలుగు Services Recharge Mobile Coupons Buy Insurance Buy Movie Tickets Indian Language Typing Cabs Social Facebook Twitter G+ Apps Mobile Android apps Mobile IOS apps Verticals Auto - DriveSpark Lifestyle Movies Money - GoodReturns Travel - NativePlanet Education - CareerIndia Classifieds - Click.in Cricket - ThatsCricket Domains Tech - GizBot Newsletters Android App IOS App Home  »  News  »  Feature  » Top contenders in Donald Trump's Cabinet Top contenders in Donald Trump's Cabinet Meet the Trump brigade. Written by: Pallavi Sengupta Updated: Saturday, November 19, 2016, 11:51 [IST] Subscribe to Oneindia News Now that the reactions to Trump's victory in the US Presidential elections have died down, it is time to understand how he intends to run the country. And the best way to do it is to check out what his Cabinet composition will look like. So, here is a potential list of the Trump brigade: Secretary of State: The rumored nominees for this post are New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who is also a Trump loyalist; former US Ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton. Treasury Secretary: Steven Mnuchin, who is a 17-year old veteran of Goldman Sachs and is presently working as the chief executive and chairman of Dune Capital Management. Jeb Hensarling, who is the House Financial Services Chairman is also a nominee for the position. Also in line is JPMorgan Chase Chief Executive Jamie Dimon. [Read: Shinzo Abe, Donald Trump meet in New York ] Secretary of Defence: Former National Security Adviser in the George W Bush Cabinet Stephen Hadley, Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.), Former Sen. Jim Talent (R-Mo.) Clinton CIA director Jim Woolsey and Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-N.H.) are also on the fray. Attorney General: Sen. Jeff Sessions has been tapped by Donald Trump for the position. Interior Secretary: Venture capitalist Robert Grady, who was a White House official in George H.W. Bush's office with ties in New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. Agriculture Secretary: Inside reports suggest that Donald Trump has a bench of 70 leaders in the agricultural advisory committee to pull out his choice from. Among the top candidates include Sid Miller, who is the current secretary of agriculture in Texas. Others include sitting governor, Sam Brownback of Kansas, and three ex governors: Dave Heineman (Nebraska), Sonny Perdue (Georgia) and Rick Perry (Texas). Charles Herbster, a Republican donor and agri-business leader who chairs Trump's agricultural advisory committee, and Mike McCloskey, a dairy executive in Indiana are also on the fray. Commerce Secretary: Leading the nomination list is Billionaire investor Wilbur Ross who is also a Trump economic adviser. Investor Lew Eisenberg, co-founder of Granite Capital International Group, is another top candidate.Dan DiMicco, the former CEO of steelmaker Nucor Corp and a Trump trade adviser is also a possibility. [Read: "NATO 'absolutely confident' Trump committed to alliance" ] Labour Secretary: Inside reports suggest that Victoria Lipnic, the Commissioner of the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission since 2010 who also served as an an assistant secretary of Labor for employment standards from 2002 until 2009, is the top contender for this position. Andrew Puzder, chief executive of CKE Restaurants, is a second possibility. Health and Human Services secretary: Rep. Tom Price (R-Ga.), the chairman of the House Budget Committee is a top contender here. Former Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, is second in list. Housing and Urban Development secretary: Trump supporters Bud Albright and Scott Keller, two ardent Trump supporters are in the fray. The other names being circulated include Pam Patenaude, the president of the J. Ronald Terwilliger Foundation for Housing America's Families, former Massachusetts Sen. Scott Brown and former New York Rep. Rick Lazio (R). Transportation secretary: Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm has been the main influencer on Trump's energy policy during the campaign. Rep. Kevin Cramer (R-N.D.), a Trump energy adviser, venture capitalist Robert Grady, James Connaughton, a former utility executive who was President George W. Bush's head of White House Council on Environmental Quality; and Kristine Svinicki, the sole Republican on the Nuclear Regulatory Commission are also in the fray. Veterans Affairs secretary: Veterans' Affairs Chairman Jeff Miller is the only name in the list. Education Secretary: Indiana Rep. Luke Messer, William Evers, a research fellow at the Hoover Institution, Tony Zeiss, a former president of Central Piedmont Community College, Michelle Rhee, an education reform activist, Former Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, Gerard Robinson a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute focused on education policy; Tony Bennett, the former Florida Commissioner of Education and the former Indiana Superintendent of Public Instruction; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; Hanna Skandera, the New Mexico Secretary of Education; and education activists Betsy DeVos; and Kevin Chavous are others in the list. Homeland Security Secretary: House Homeland Security Chairman Mike McCaul, Rep. John Katko (R-N.Y.), the chairman of the Homeland Security Committee's transportation security panel, David Clarke, the conservative Sheriff of Milwaukee County are in the fray for this position. Read more about: donald trump, cabinet, us presidential elections 2016, us election 2016 results, hillary clinton Story first published: Saturday, November 19, 2016, 11:48 [IST] Other articles published on Nov 19, 2016 Please Wait while comments are loading... 128 passengers on ill-fated Indore-Patna Express opted for insurance while booking online ticket Maoists kill villager on suspicions of being police informer PHOTOS: EPL - Arsenal hold Manchester United for a 1-1 draw Featured Posts   Apps | RSS Feeds | Facebook | Twitter | Google Plus | Newsletters | Media | Sitemap | Feedback | Advertise with us | Careers | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.| Terms of Service and Privacy Policy The "ONEINDIA" word mark and logo are owned by Greynium Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Demonetisation News How technology is changing business Plain Facts Home » Money Last Modified: Sat, Nov 19 2016. 10 30 AM IST Demonetisation: US banks close rupee exchanges after Rs500, Rs1,000 notes ruled illegal After demonetisation, US banks including JPMorgan, Citigroup and Wells Fargo— who work with vendors for exchange rupees—have made the bills unavailable Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Jenny SuraneSonali Basak Rs500 and Rs1,000 banknotes ceased to be legal tender, PM Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86% of the total currency in circulation. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint New York: Aruna Desai has a problem with the thousands of Indian rupees she has with her in the US — she can’t find a bank to exchange her funds and couldn’t give the money away if she tried. Since Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed Rs500 and Rs1,000 banknotes from circulation, currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills. Some of the country’s biggest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Inc., work with vendors to provide rupees to clients and those vendors have made the bills unavailable, spokesmen for the banks said. Wells Fargo & Co. also said it can’t supply rupees at this time, while Bank of America Corp. said it has never accepted the currency for exchange. “If you have a euro, you can go to a bank and exchange it,” Desai, 76, of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, said in a telephone interview. “For an Indian rupee, I don’t think there’s any bank that does that here.” Rs500 ($7.34) and Rs1,000 banknotes ceased to be legal tender from 9 November, Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86% of the total currency in circulation. The move has been seen as an attempt to fulfill his election promise of curbing tax evasion and recovering illegal income, locally known as black money, stashed overseas. The notes will have to be deposited in banks by the end of December, Modi said. Cash-based economy “For our clients, it’s very hard,” Nandita Chandra, head of Great Indian Travel Co.’s New York office, said in a telephone interview while visiting New Delhi. “A lot of people are affected and we don’t have a culture that is credit-card friendly, it’s a cash-based economy.” Mastercard Inc., the second-largest payment network, heralded the move as one that will reduce crime and drive growth in the Indian economy. More news on demonetisation Modi’s “bold action and leadership is a critical step in positioning India to be a leader in the global cashless and digital economy movement,” Porush Singh, the firm’s president for South Asia, said in a statement. “Mastercard is committed to working with the government to provide the cashless solutions that combat corruption and create growth, and inclusion for all members of society.” Travelex Ltd., which operates more than 200 currency exchange stores in the US, said it’s unable to accept the Rs500, Rs1000 banknotes from customers because it can’t repatriate the cash in bulk under India’s current rules, said Lucie Smith, a spokeswoman for the London-based company. Western Union Co., the world’s largest money-transfer service, said for those locations facing a shortage of rupees, customers are able to receive checks or remittances to their bank accounts. “A lot of people are trying to give money to their friends to spend it, or else it will go to waste,” said Desai, who makes a yearly trip to India to work at a medical camp. If she can’t find a place to exchange or use the bills, she’ll “just have to throw it away.” Bloomberg Jenny SuraneSonali Basak Topics: DemonetisationUS BanksRupee ExchangesBlack MoneyRs500 Notes More from this Section Our wealth manager made us disciplined about savings You don’t need to invest in 10 different funds to build a good mutual fund portfolio Know when to say ‘no’ What not to do with your financial investments in the time of need NPS is waiting for pension managers Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Modi’s demonetisation drive may damage Arvind Kejriwal the most Demonetisation has achieved 50% of objective: Subramanian Swamy First Published: Sat, Nov 19 2016. 09 36 AM IST Read more from Livemint Our wealth manager made us disciplined about savings You don’t need to invest in 10 different funds to build a good mutual fund portfolio Know when to say ‘no’ Editor's Picks Demonetisation: Income tax department notices to those depositing huge cash Arun Jaitley pitches for latest technology in farm sector, hints at incentive review Oil may rise to $55 if all producers cooperate: Iran Latest News Our wealth manager made us disciplined about savings You don’t need to invest in 10 different funds to build a good mutual fund portfolio Know when to say ‘no’ What not to do with your financial investments in the time of need NPS is waiting for pension managers Mint On Sunday The dilemma of Draupadī’s disrobing The prodigals return to Neroca US elections: How slogans can make or break a candidate Now, the crowd can bankroll your research How to maximize judicial time Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Janet Yellen Says Interest Rates Could Rise "Relatively Soon" The Fed chairwoman seemed to hint in testimony to Congress on Thursday that the central bank may increase rates at its monetary policy meeting next month. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Nov 18, 2016 at 7:09PM Image source: iStock/Thinkstock. The good news keeps rolling in for banks. On Thursday, the chairwoman of the Federal Reserve, Janet Yellen, told Congress that an interest rate hike "could well become appropriate relatively soon." Interest rates are the single most important variable for investors in bank stocks to watch right now. It's why I've talked ad nauseam about the issue for much of the past year, as the most widely held bank stocks -- JPMorgan Chase (NYSE:JPM), Bank of America (NYSE:BAC), Citigroup (NYSE:C), and Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC) -- all stand to profit handsomely once rates increase in earnest. Indeed, the most likely reason to explain why all four of these stocks climbed on Thursday was Yellen's testimony. Bank Thursday (11/17) Stock Performance JPMorgan Chase 0.65% Bank of America 1.64% Wells Fargo 1.72% Citigroup 1.71% Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Three reasons Yellen is optimistic Yellen focused on three specific things in her remarks to Congress, the first being the rosy jobs picture. The unemployment rate stayed at 4.9% in October, which continues to be below the Fed's definition of maximum employment, defined as an unemployment rate of 5%. The Fed chairwoman noted that the rate of jobs growth continues to be "above trend" and that the labor force participation rate has remained constant despite headwinds from an aging population -- which, holding all else equal, causes labor force participation to fall as retirees exit the workforce. But the best sign on the employment front in the United States right now relates to jobless claims. The latest data, released Thursday, shows that the number of Americans applying for first-time unemployment benefits dropped to the lowest level in more than four decades. You have to go back to 1973 to see a comparable level. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. Yellen also found economic growth data to be a positive sign. Although output grew at just 1% for the first six months of 2016, it's estimated to have nearly tripled to just under 3% in the third quarter. It did so in spite of the ongoing concerns about the integrity of the European Union and moderating growth in China. Last but not least, the one area that monetary policymakers continue to watch for improvement is inflation. And while the most recent data shows that inflation remains below the Fed's 2% target rate -- it came in at 1.6% in October -- the trend in consumer prices is heading in the right direction as well. Data source: Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Chart by author. This is the variable, in turn, that investors in JPMorgan Chase, Bank of America, Wells Fargo, and Citigroup should watch most closely. The higher inflation goes, the more likely the Fed is to raise rates and thereby boost the amount of money that each of these banks earns from their multibillion-dollar portfolios of loans and securities. On the low end, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase will earn between $2 billion and $3 billion in added net interest income each year from a 1-percentage-point increase in rates. On the high end, Bank of America's net interest income would climb by $5.3 billion under the same scenario. (Wells Fargo's disclosures around interest rate sensitivity are less specific.) With this in mind, Yellen's comments about a possible rate hike coming soon should be music to bank investors' ears. According to the Fed chief, at the latest meeting of the committee in charge of monetary policy, its members "judged that the case for an increase in the target range had continued to strengthen and that such an increase could well become appropriate relatively soon." John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Nov 18, 2016 at 7:09PM Financials Stocks Citigroup NYSE:C $55.46 up $0.01 (0.02%) Bank of America NYSE:BAC $20.00 down $0.08 (-0.40%) JPMorgan Chase NYSE:JPM $77.71 down $0.31 (-0.40%) Wells Fargo NYSE:WFC $52.82 up $0.33 (0.63%) Read More Is America the New Japan? How Does Citigroup’s Dividend Compare to Other Bank Stocks? Bank of America Reports Solid Third-Quarter Earnings Bank of America's Stock Is Approaching a Very Significant Threshold 3 Reasons Shares of Citigroup Are Down in 2016 Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.S. Proposes Pension-Fund Clearance for Citi, UBS, Others Neil Weinberg NeilAWeinberg November 18, 2016 — 1:22 PM EST Updated on November 18, 2016 — 2:27 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Barclays, Deutsche Bank, JPMorgan also in line for waivers Democrats pushed for tough review of banks accused of crimes Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The U.S. Labor Department granted temporary permission to five banks to continue managing certain U.S. pension funds after convictions of the banks or their units, potentially allowing the banks to move beyond their legal troubles over objections by some Democratic lawmakers. The department proposed so-called Qualified Professional Asset Manager waivers to JPMorgan Chase & Co., Citigroup Inc., Deutsche Bank AG, Barclays Plc and UBS Group AG, according to a Federal Register document reviewed by Bloomberg News. A one-year waiver will take effect on Monday. The Labor Department also proposed granting the banks five-year waivers, which would become effective after a 45-day comment period, just before the Trump administration is to take over the government on Jan. 20. “We take the ongoing process very seriously and firmly believe that the information we have provided to the Department of Labor supports the granting of a continuing exemption to allow us to serve our U.S. pension plan clients without disruption to them,” Peter Stack, a spokesman for UBS, said by e-mail. Representatives of the other banks declined to comment. A Labor Department spokesman didn’t respond to an inquiry. Retirement Plans The business activity covered by the waivers includes 401(k) plans and corporate pensions, among other retirement plans. Any institution or individual that manages pensions overseen by the Labor Department must seek permission to continue those operations after certain criminal convictions. The five banks were found guilty of violations that included interest-rate or currency manipulation. Regulatory waivers have become politically fraught over the last two years, with lawmakers including Senator Elizabeth Warren, a Massachusetts Democrat, and Representative Maxine Waters, a California Democrat, pressing the Labor Department, which oversees about $8 trillion in private-sector pensions, for tougher reviews of banks accused of crimes before clearing them to continue their pension-management businesses. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which issues its own waivers for certain securities activities, isn’t inclined to use the process as an additional enforcement tool, SEC Chair Mary Jo White said last year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Pension Plan UBS Group AG Labor Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Contenders for key jobs in Trump administration By Reuters Published: 18:54 EST, 18 November 2016 | Updated: 18:54 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail By Ginger Gibson and Richard Cowan WASHINGTON, Nov 18 (Reuters) - New names for possible appointees to U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet have emerged, including former CIA chief and retired General David Petraeus as a potential defense secretary, according to a Wall Street Journal report. On Saturday, Trump is scheduled to meet with 2012 presidential candidate Mitt Romney and could discuss the possibility of him becoming secretary of state, as he works to fill administration positions ahead of his inauguration on Jan. 20. On Friday it was announced that Trump had chosen Republican Senator Jeff Sessions to be attorney general, retired Lieutenant General Michael Flynn to be national security adviser and Republican Congressman Mike Pompeo to head the CIA. Trump announced on Sunday he would hire Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff and named Stephen Bannon, former head of the conservative website Breitbart News, as his chief strategist and senior counselor. Below are people mentioned as contenders for senior roles. TREASURY SECRETARY * Steven Mnuchin, former Goldman Sachs Group Inc executive and Trump's campaign finance chairman * Jeb Hensarling, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee * Jamie Dimon, JPMorgan Chase & Co chief executive officer * Tom Barrack, founder and chairman of Colony Capital Inc SECRETARY OF STATE * Mitt Romney, 2012 presidential nominee and former Massachusetts governor * Rudy Giuliani, former mayor of New York City * Nikki Haley, governor of South Carolina * Jeff Sessions, U.S. senator from Alabama and early Trump supporter, member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * John Bolton, former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations under President George W. Bush * Bob Corker, U.S. senator from Tennessee and chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee * Zalmay Khalilzad, former U.S. ambassador to Iraq DEFENSE SECRETARY * David Petraeus, ex-CIA director and retired general * Tom Cotton, U.S. senator from Arkansas * Jon Kyl, former U.S. senator from Arizona * Duncan Hunter, U.S. representative from California and early Trump supporter, member of the House Armed Services Committee * Jim Talent, former U.S. senator from Missouri who was on the Senate Armed Services Committee * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee ATTORNEY GENERAL * Jeff Sessions, senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee who takes a hard line on immigration, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES SECRETARY * Tom Price, U.S. representative from Georgia who is an orthopedic surgeon * Rick Scott, Florida governor * Rich Bagger, former pharmaceutical executive and former top aide to New Jersey Governor Chris Christie * Bobby Jindal, former Louisiana governor HOMELAND SECURITY SECRETARY * Michael McCaul, U.S. representative from Texas and chairman of the House Homeland Security Committee * David Clarke, Milwaukee county sheriff and vocal Trump supporter * Joe Arpaio, outgoing Maricopa County, Arizona, sheriff who campaigned for Trump ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY ADMINISTRATOR * Jeff Holmstead, energy lawyer, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Mike Catanzaro, energy lobbyist, former EPA official during George W. Bush administration * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Leslie Rutledge, Arkansas attorney general * Carol Comer, commissioner of the Indiana Department of Environmental Management ENERGY SECRETARY * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Kevin Cramer, U.S. Representative from North Dakota * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors * Larry Nichols, co-founder of Devon Energy Corp * James Connaughton, chief executive of Nautilus Data Technologies and a former environmental adviser to President George W. Bush INTERIOR SECRETARY * Sarah Palin, former Alaska governor, 2008 Republican vice presidential nominee * Jan Brewer, former Arizona governor * Forrest Lucas, founder of oil products company Lucas Oil * Harold Hamm, Oklahoma oil and gas mogul, chief executive of Continental Resources Inc * Robert Grady, venture capitalist, partner in private equity firm Gryphon Investors COMMERCE SECRETARY * Wilbur Ross, billionaire investor, chairman of Invesco Ltd subsidiary WL Ross & Co * Linda McMahon, former World Wrestling Entertainment executive and two-time Senate candidate DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE * Ronald Burgess, retired lieutenant general and former Defense Intelligence Agency chief * Robert Cardillo, director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency * Pete Hoekstra, former U.S. representative from Michigan CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY DIRECTOR * Republican U.S. Representative Mike Pompeo was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISER * Michael Flynn, retired lieutenant general and former director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, was announced as the choice on Nov. 18. UNITED NATIONS AMBASSADOR * Kelly Ayotte, outgoing U.S. senator from New Hampshire and member of the Senate Armed Services Committee * Richard Grenell, former spokesman for the United States at the United Nations * Peter King, U.S. representative from New York U.S. TRADE REPRESENTATIVE * Dan DiMicco, former chief executive of steel producer Nucor Corp SUPREME COURT VACANCY The Trump transition team confirmed he would choose from the list of 21 names he drew up during his campaign, including U.S. Senator Mike Lee of Utah, and William Pryor, a federal judge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. LABOR SECRETARY * Victoria Lipnic, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission commissioner and former Labor Department official during the George W. Bush administration. * Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants. (Reporting by Caren Bohan; Editing by Paul Tait and Andrew Hay) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Pascal Craymer puts on a very eye-popping display in plunging scarlet dress as she enjoys a glamorous girls' night out in London Left little to imagination 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Justin, where's your car? Bieber 'loses' blue Ferrari after night out... and it takes three weeks to work out where he left it! Oops doesn't cover it! Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The cobalt outfit clung to her slender frame 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West blasts Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he also takes aim at Beyoncé, Clinton and Zuckerberg before ending show after 10 MINUTES Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look Beaming Lara Stone and art director beau Mike Stillwell lock lips on pub date... shortly after her financial settlement with ex David Walliams 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » Demonetisation to hit India's FY17 GDP growth Demonetisation to hit India's FY17 GDP growth November 20, 2016 11:04 IST Experts believe GDP growth in the second half could be lower than that in the first half of this fiscal by a mile, reports Sheetal Agarwal in Mumbai. The government's move withdrawing Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 currency notes, popularly referred to as demonetisation, has dashed expectations of a pick-up in consumption in the second half of the current financial year. Led by multiple reasons like a normal monsoon after two weak years, higher pay for government employees, increased infrastructure spending and so on, economists and market participants were hoping for a pick up in India's gross domestic product (GDP) and corporate earnings. On the contrary, experts now believe GDP growth in the second half could be lower than that in the first half of this fiscal by a mile, and have lowered their estimates for FY17. According to May 31, 2016, a release of the Central Statistics Office (CSO), a government entity, the real GDP (at constant prices) was estimated at Rs 113.50 lakh crore. This broadly suggests that the impact of a 10 basis point (bps) reduction in GDP growth rate would be equivalent to Rs 11,350 crore. "We estimate that over a year, economic growth can fall by 70-] to 100 basis points, with the maximum impact in the immediate two quarters, which will see a large contraction in effective money supply," says Pranjul Bhandari, Chief India Economist, HSBC Securities and Capital Markets. There are others who see a sharper contraction in economic growth. Ambit Capital, for instance, expects GDP to just about inch up 0.5 per cent in the second half of this financial year, compared with the year-ago period. Ambit's analysts led by Ritika Mankar Mukherjee, say, "The demonetisation-driven cash crunch that is playing out in India will paralyse economic activity in the short term. Hence, we expect GDP growth to decelerate from 6.4 per cent in 1HFY17 (as per Ambit's estimate) to 0.5 per cent year-on-year in 2HFY17 with a distinct possibility of GDP growth contracting in 3QFY17." In effect, Ambit has nearly halved its FY17 GDP growth forecast to 3.5 per cent. Among the conservative estimates, CARE Ratings believes that overall GDP growth would be affected by 0.3 to 0.5 per cent. Weakening consumption demand due to the cash crunch, muted investment growth along with loss of productivity (as people line up for hours to deposit/exchange cash) are few factors that will pull down near-term GDP growth. Interestingly, only some part of this loss can be restored in the last quarter of this fiscal. Most experts believe consumption demand, particularly of necessities, could bounce back earlier than that of consumer durables. Another key indicator will be how much currency would actually come back in the system as experts believe there could be some wealth destruction. Sajjid Z Chinoy, Chief India Economist, JPMorgan, says, "Before demonetisation, 10 per cent of GDP came from high value notes. If even 20 per cent of these do not get returned, the first-round negative wealth shock would be 2 per cent of GDP." Any such negative wealth shock, however, is expected to depress consumption behaviour, prices of certain asset classes (real estate), and therefore have secondary wealth effects, he adds. Cash-heavy sectors such as real estate, jewellery, amongst others could be worst hit from demonetisation and may take a longer time to revive. "The ripple effect will be significant as these are labour-intensive sectors and comprise up to 35 per cent of GDP," believe analysts at Kotak Institutional Equities. Small and medium enterprises, too, will be hit from demonetisation while agriculture is expected to be least impacted. Though demonetisation will benefit the economy via increased number of tax payers, lower rates which in turn can aid demand and growth, higher financial savings, amongst others; these will accrue on a gradual basis. Expert view on the impact of demonetisation on FY18 GDP growth, however, is mixed. "There should be a modest recovery in FY18, when GDP growth may inch up to 7.4 per cent on the back of some policy stimulus," says Samiran Chakraborty, Chief economist, Citi India. Ambit Capital, however, has meaningfully (150 basis points) lowered the estimate for FY18 as well. 'From 3QFY17 until 4QFY19, we expect a strong "formalisation effect" to play out as nearly half of the non-tax paying businesses in the informal sector (40 per cent share in GDP) become unviable and cede market share to their organised sector counterparts,' says Ambit. 'We expect this dynamic to crimp GDP growth in FY18 as well and hence we cut our FY18 GDP growth estimate to 5.8 per cent (from 7.3 per cent),' Ambit adds. The jury is out on the extent of impact demonetisation will have on India's GDP growth. A lot will also depend on the government and the RBI's reform and policy action to cushion the impact. IMAGE: The cash crunch will hit consumer spending. Photograph: Reuters. Kindly note image published only for representational purposes. Sheetal Agarwal in Mumbai Source: Tags: GDP, HSBC Securities and Capital Markets, FY18, Citi India, Ambit Capital Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT MOST EMAILED MOST COMMENTED Motilal Oswal: 'Demonetisation will hurt growth' 'People are withdrawing money and not spending it' 'Why will black money get purged?' What are Modi's plans to stop future black money? Why it will take weeks to tune ATMs 90 killed as Indore-Patna Express derails near Kanpur PIX: Coldplay performs in Mumbai Anxiety, insomnia: Firing in border areas leave residents emotionally scarred 1st Test: Williamson guides NZ to win over Pakistan Quiz: How well do you know Shalini? Thank you Mr PM, for showing my daughter pre-1991 India Beware, taxmen to watch your posts on social media 'Modiji, the poor are not sleeping in peace' Why it will take weeks to tune ATMs Humans of demonetisation Housewives, want to deposit Rs 2.5 lakh? This is for you After cash crunch, banks grapple with space crunch Rise in black money due to election funding Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News  |  India Abroad Person of the Year 2013 © 2016 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use | India Abroad weekly ▲
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 20, 2016 1:36 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement A bleak outlook for Donald Trump's promises to coal miners November 19, 2016 11:13 PM NYT FILE Ñ A plant in Buchanan County, Va., where coal mining is a major source of jobs, March 4, 2016. Donald Trump won over 75 percent of the votes in Buchanan County; now the president-elect faces steep challenges in delivering on his many promises to restore the struggling coal sector. (George Etheredge/The New York Times) By Clifford Krauss and Michael Corkery / The New York Times Donald Trump made coal a centerpiece of his campaign, holding rousing rallies with miners in hard hats, who he said had been neglected under eight years of the Obama administration. The strategy paid off, helping him score crucial wins in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Now, though, coal may prove a different sort of symbol — that is, of the challenges that the president-elect will face delivering on his many promises to restore struggling sectors of the U.S. economy. The U.S. coal industry and the jobs that support it have been in decline for decades as a result of environmental concerns, automation in mining and slowdowns in manufacturing industries that burned coal for power. And these days, no matter who is president, coal is at the mercy of market economics. Coal’s No. 1 rival is cheap, cleaner-burning natural gas — which could become an even more potent competitor under the incoming administration. The probable easing of restrictions on pipeline building and loosening of rules on gas exploration and production would mean more natural gas reaching the market. Despite recent increases, coal’s price has been drifting downward for years. But the price of natural gas has fallen even more sharply. “I don’t think the Trump presidency will have a material impact on bringing coal miners back to work,” said Ted O’Brien, a coal analyst at Doyle Trading Consultants, a leading energy industry research firm. “He may eliminate the regulatory overhang,” Mr. O’Brien said, referring to the environmental rules that have cast a shadow over coal, “but I have a hard time seeing a surge in coal demand.” Coal’s long decline predates President Barack Obama’s arrival in the White House in 2009. The collapse of the U.S. steel industry in the late 20th century reduced demand for the metallurgical coal that is mined most prominently in Appalachia. In addition, utilities have been slow to build new coal-fired power plants in recent decades because of air-quality concerns over the burning of the other type of coal — thermal coal — that is used for power plants and is mined across the country. Mr. Trump campaigned to help both kinds of coal recover. But natural gas may prove unbeatable. The hydraulic fracturing boom in shale fields that began a decade ago flooded the market with cheap natural gas that continues to erode coal’s market share. As recently as early 2008, coal was the source of roughly half of the electricity generated in the U.S. Now it is down to about 30 percent. “There’s just a lot of gas in this country, and that is going to hold gas prices down,” said Scott Sheffield, chief executive of Pioneer Natural Resources, a major oil and natural gas producer, who said he voted for Mr. Trump. The bleak outlook for coal may explain why some of the industry’s executives have been reluctant to comment on how the Trump presidency may help their business: They may be wary of raising false hopes among their workers. And many may be reluctant to repeat past industry arguments that climate change was a hoax. Instead, coal producers would rather have tax incentives to support environmental improvements for coal-fired plants, as a way to ensure coal’s long-term viability even beyond a Trump administration. “Any exuberance has to be tempered,” said Richard Reavey, vice president for government and public affairs at Cloud Peak Energy, a major Western coal producer. “The view should be cautious optimism.” A few years ago coal executives hoped exports — which represent about 8 percent of national production — would boom along with the economies of China and the developing world. But exports peaked in 2012. Since then, slower economic growth in the developing world, along with climate and pollution concerns, have depressed demand for coal. The same considerations have prompted international development banks and large investment companies like JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America to pull back on financing new coal-fired plants — a trend that is unlikely to change under Mr. Trump. The Trump administration could help the coal industry somewhat by unwinding Mr. Obama’s Clean Power Plan, which was designed to replace coal-fired utility plants with those using natural gas and renewable energy sources. But the effects of the plan so far may be hard to reverse. The tighter air pollution regulations, which are still under challenge in court, forced utilities to choose between revamping aging coal-fired power plants to make them cleaner, or switching to natural gas or green sources like wind and solar. Utilities across the country typically decided to switch. Last year, as a result, 94 coal-fired power plants were closed across the country, and this year 40 more are expected to close by the end of December. It is most unlikely that Mr. Trump could do anything to bring those plants back online. “All the older power plants that burned Eastern coal have been basically torn down, dismantled, put in mothballs, some of them permanently,” said Robert J. Zik, the now-retired former vice president for operations at TECO Coal, a subsidiary of TECO Energy that was sold to another operator last year. Related Media: Trump meets with Romney; moves to mend ties with political rivals Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Conference Calls And Profanity? Yes It's A Thing Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} November 19, 2016 7:27pm   Comments Share: After a company reports their quarterly results, management hosts a conference call with Wall Street analysts and investors. Normally, one would expect management to be on their best behavior, but as CNBC's Jim Cramer pointed out, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL)'s recent conference call was full of hostility — from the analysts. For many investors, this may be the exception, but CNBC's Eric Chemi pointed out that there have been more than 1,000 instances of profanity used by executives over the past decade. In fact, the number of instances of cursing during a conference call so far in 2016 is more than all of 2014 and 2015. Chemi continued that he went through 100,000 conference call transcripts to find instances of profanity. He did acknowledge in some cases the use of profanity was humorous. For example, Carl Bartz, Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO)'s former CEO said, "So, we had a lot of people running around telling engineers what to do, but nobody f—ing doing anything." JPMorgan Chase & Co. (NYSE: JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon said in 2014, "I want to [...] try to stop stepping in dog s—, which we do every now and then." Swearing Can Have A Positive Impact? Chemi pointed out that using profanity at work could actually help build credibility and confidence. "Our data shows if you take the companies that used the most profanity and put them in their own portfolio they would outperform the overall market by about 40 percent over the past decade," he explained. For those who are curious, executives at Mastercard Inc (NYSE: MA) were crowned as having the worst potty mouths. Winning Quote Finally, Chemi highlighted his most memorable use of profanity, courtesy of Albert Lord of SallieMae during a conference call in 2007, "There's no — no questions. Let's get the f— out of here." Image Credit: By Ben Schumin - Own work, CC BY-SA 3.0, https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=7357886 Posted-In: CNBC conference calls Eric Chemi Jim CramerCNBC Media General Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AAPL + JPM) Exclusive: CanPay CEO Presents New Debit Payment Solution For Marijuana Industry Investors Have Cast Their Ballots For Big Bank Stocks Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBook Pro To 'History-Making' Level 4 Retail Trading Trends Observed By TD Ameritrade Why Mobileye Bears Are Missing The Big Picture Analog Devices Is One Of Morgan Stanley's Top Overweight Picks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AAPL Trending Recent 1 TOPS, ESEA: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 ROST, ANF: 10 Stocks To Watch For November 18, 2016 3 DRYS: There And Back Again: A DryShips Tale 4 VRX, AGN: Is Allergan Going After Valeant's Eye Surger... 5 TNDM, DRYS: Tandem Diabetes Care May Be The Next No... 6 GOOG, GOOGL: RBC's Mark Mahaney Talk... 7 NVDA, MBLY: Mobileye Stock Wea... 1 ADSK, WDAY: Salesforce's Q3 Strength Has The Sell-Side Singing Its Praises 2 WMT: Wal-Mart Remains Barclays' Top Pick Despite Mixed Results 3 NUAN: Deutsche Bank's Likes And Dislikes From Nuance Communicati... 4 C, PNC: Salesforce Shakes Off Twitter M&A Anxiety With Strong Q3 5 USDA Cattle on Feed Report; Cattle on Feed Down 1 Percent 6 AAPL: Apple's Most Recent Ad Elevates The New MacBook... 7 MSFT, CRM: Salesforce: Don't Call It A Comeback, M... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Exclusive: CanPay CEO Presents New Debit Payment Solution For Marijuana Industry
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Opinion Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Politics Technology Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 PF Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Home BS Headlines News Now Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets Overview News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results BS 1000 Auto Consumer Engineering Financials Industrials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Agri Media Health care Services Others Opinion Overview Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch On The Beat Poll Politics Technology Overview News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Overview Weekend Special Climate Change Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content Auto Expo 2016 PF Overview News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News » Demonetisation Lack of money choking Azadpur mandi Business Standard US banks close rupee exchanges after large bills ruled illegal Currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills Jennifer Surane & Sonali Basak  November 19, 2016 Last Updated at 23:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJF5mV Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Demonetisation effect: Fishermen to keep away from sea Demonetisation effect: Security Guard robbed of rifle and Rs 15,000 in Noida Cigarettes, liquor, sweets, eggs and more: Demonetisation hits these sales the most Demonetisation effect: More rush outside banks, Delhi Police deploys more forces What are Micro ATMs; how will they help in demonetisation drive Aruna Desai has a problem with the thousands of Indian rupees she has with her in the US — she can’t find a bank to exchange her funds and couldn’t give the money away if she tried. Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed Rs 500- and Rs 1,000 notes from the circulation, currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills. Some of the country’s biggest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc, work with vendors to provide rupees to clients and those vendors have made the bills unavailable, spokesmen for the banks said. Wells Fargo & Co also said it can’t supply rupees at this time, while Bank of America Corp said it has never accepted the currency for exchange. “If you have a euro, you can go to a bank and exchange it,” Desai, 76, of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, said in a telephone interview. “For an Indian rupee, I don’t think there’s any bank that does that here.” Notes of Rs 500 ($7.34) and Rs 1,000 ceased to be legal tender November 9, Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86 per cent of the total currency in circulation. The move has been seen as an attempt to fulfill his election promise of curbing tax evasion and recovering illegal income, locally known as black money, stashed overseas. The notes will have to be deposited in banks by the end of December, Modi said. “For our clients, it’s very hard,” Nandita Chandra, head of Great Indian Travel Co’s New York office, said in a telephone interview while visiting New Delhi. “A lot of people are affected and we don’t have a culture that is credit-card friendly, it’s a cash-based economy.” Mastercard Inc., the second-largest payment network, heralded the move as one that will reduce crime and drive growth in the Indian economy. Modi’s “bold action and leadership is a critical step in positioning India to be a leader in the global cashless and digital economy movement,” Porush Singh, the firm’s president for South Asia, said in a statement. “Mastercard is committed to working with the government to provide the cashless solutions that combat corruption and create growth, and inclusion for all members of society.” Travelex Ltd, which operates more than 200 currency exchange stores in the US, said it’s unable to accept the  Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 bills from customers because it can’t repatriate the cash in bulk under India’s current rules, said Lucie Smith, a spokeswoman for the London-based company. Western Union Co, the world’s largest money-transfer service, said for those locations facing a shortage of rupees, customers are able to receive checks or remittances to their bank accounts. “A lot of people are trying to give money to their friends to spend it, or else it will go to waste,” said Desai, who makes a yearly trip to India to work at a medical camp. If she can’t find a place to exchange or use the bills, she’ll “just have to throw it away.” Bloomberg Read More On Demonetisation Effect PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? US banks close rupee exchanges after large bills ruled illegal Currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills Currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills Aruna Desai has a problem with the thousands of Indian rupees she has with her in the US — she can’t find a bank to exchange her funds and couldn’t give the money away if she tried. Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed Rs 500- and Rs 1,000 notes from the circulation, currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills. Some of the country’s biggest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc, work with vendors to provide rupees to clients and those vendors have made the bills unavailable, spokesmen for the banks said. Wells Fargo & Co also said it can’t supply rupees at this time, while Bank of America Corp said it has never accepted the currency for exchange. “If you have a euro, you can go to a bank and exchange it,” Desai, 76, of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, said in a telephone interview. “For an Indian rupee, I don’t think there’s any bank that does that here.” Notes of Rs 500 ($7.34) and Rs 1,000 ceased to be legal tender November 9, Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86 per cent of the total currency in circulation. The move has been seen as an attempt to fulfill his election promise of curbing tax evasion and recovering illegal income, locally known as black money, stashed overseas. The notes will have to be deposited in banks by the end of December, Modi said. “For our clients, it’s very hard,” Nandita Chandra, head of Great Indian Travel Co’s New York office, said in a telephone interview while visiting New Delhi. “A lot of people are affected and we don’t have a culture that is credit-card friendly, it’s a cash-based economy.” Mastercard Inc., the second-largest payment network, heralded the move as one that will reduce crime and drive growth in the Indian economy. Modi’s “bold action and leadership is a critical step in positioning India to be a leader in the global cashless and digital economy movement,” Porush Singh, the firm’s president for South Asia, said in a statement. “Mastercard is committed to working with the government to provide the cashless solutions that combat corruption and create growth, and inclusion for all members of society.” Travelex Ltd, which operates more than 200 currency exchange stores in the US, said it’s unable to accept the  Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 bills from customers because it can’t repatriate the cash in bulk under India’s current rules, said Lucie Smith, a spokeswoman for the London-based company. Western Union Co, the world’s largest money-transfer service, said for those locations facing a shortage of rupees, customers are able to receive checks or remittances to their bank accounts. “A lot of people are trying to give money to their friends to spend it, or else it will go to waste,” said Desai, who makes a yearly trip to India to work at a medical camp. If she can’t find a place to exchange or use the bills, she’ll “just have to throw it away.” Bloomberg Jennifer Surane & Sonali Basak Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 US banks close rupee exchanges after large bills ruled illegal Currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills Aruna Desai has a problem with the thousands of Indian rupees she has with her in the US — she can’t find a bank to exchange her funds and couldn’t give the money away if she tried. Since Prime Minister Narendra Modi removed Rs 500- and Rs 1,000 notes from the circulation, currency exchange providers in the US have been unable to take the outlawed bills. Some of the country’s biggest banks, including JPMorgan Chase & Co and Citigroup Inc, work with vendors to provide rupees to clients and those vendors have made the bills unavailable, spokesmen for the banks said. Wells Fargo & Co also said it can’t supply rupees at this time, while Bank of America Corp said it has never accepted the currency for exchange. “If you have a euro, you can go to a bank and exchange it,” Desai, 76, of Cliffside Park, New Jersey, said in a telephone interview. “For an Indian rupee, I don’t think there’s any bank that does that here.” Notes of Rs 500 ($7.34) and Rs 1,000 ceased to be legal tender November 9, Modi said last week in a surprise announcement, sweeping away 86 per cent of the total currency in circulation. The move has been seen as an attempt to fulfill his election promise of curbing tax evasion and recovering illegal income, locally known as black money, stashed overseas. The notes will have to be deposited in banks by the end of December, Modi said. “For our clients, it’s very hard,” Nandita Chandra, head of Great Indian Travel Co’s New York office, said in a telephone interview while visiting New Delhi. “A lot of people are affected and we don’t have a culture that is credit-card friendly, it’s a cash-based economy.” Mastercard Inc., the second-largest payment network, heralded the move as one that will reduce crime and drive growth in the Indian economy. Modi’s “bold action and leadership is a critical step in positioning India to be a leader in the global cashless and digital economy movement,” Porush Singh, the firm’s president for South Asia, said in a statement. “Mastercard is committed to working with the government to provide the cashless solutions that combat corruption and create growth, and inclusion for all members of society.” Travelex Ltd, which operates more than 200 currency exchange stores in the US, said it’s unable to accept the  Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 bills from customers because it can’t repatriate the cash in bulk under India’s current rules, said Lucie Smith, a spokeswoman for the London-based company. Western Union Co, the world’s largest money-transfer service, said for those locations facing a shortage of rupees, customers are able to receive checks or remittances to their bank accounts. “A lot of people are trying to give money to their friends to spend it, or else it will go to waste,” said Desai, who makes a yearly trip to India to work at a medical camp. If she can’t find a place to exchange or use the bills, she’ll “just have to throw it away.” Bloomberg Jennifer Surane & Sonali Basak Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska United Way of Greater Los Angeles Celebrates a Decade Milestone of HomeWalk Nearly 12,000 Participants; Over $1 Million Raised to End Homelessness in Los Angeles County News provided by United Way of Greater Los Angeles Nov 19, 2016, 15:33 ET Share this article LOS ANGELES, Nov. 19, 2016 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Today, United Way of Greater Los Angeles hosted its 10th Annual HomeWalk, a 5K family run/walk to raise public awareness and funds to end homelessness in Downtown Los Angeles' Grand Park. United Way President and CEO, Elise Buik, L.A. County Supervisor Mark Ridley-Thomas, City Council President Herb Wesson, City Councilmember Marqueece Harris-Dawson, other elected and civic leaders, Presenting Sponsor representatives, Cinny Kennard, Annenberg Foundation, and Peter Laugharn and Steve Hilton of the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation, and a special appearance by former Los Angeles Rams player, Hall of Famer Eric Dickerson, were among the nearly 12,000 participants who came together to raise awareness and funds necessary to help end homelessness. This year's top individual fundraiser was Dennis Arriola, chairman and chief executive officer of SoCalGas and the top team fundraiser was SoCalGas. Over the past nine years, HomeWalk has raised over $6.5 million, helping to house 17,000 people. This year's event raised more than $1 million, with help from the Conrad N. Hilton Foundation, which matched every $5,000 a person or team raised with another $5,000. "United Way remains deeply committed to ensuring that every single one of our neighbors has a safe place to live, and with a record of nearly 12,000 HomeWalk participants this year, we are so grateful for the continued support we've seen from the community," said Elise Buik, President and CEO, United Way of Greater Los Angeles. "We will continue working tirelessly with our partners across all sectors to combat this homelessness crisis that has plagued our region for far too long. We thank our supporters and donors across the public, private, and nonprofit sectors for the unprecedented collaboration, driving public and civic will towards the solutions that work to end homelessness, such as permanent supportive housing." With nearly 47,000 men, women, and children suffering from homelessness in Los Angeles County, of which over 3,000 are veterans, United Way and its partners have long been committed to permanently ending homelessness in the area. Support from HomeWalk sponsors, including Presenting Sponsors Annenberg Foundation, and Conrad N. Hilton Foundation, and Major Sponsors including ACCO Engineering Systems, AEG, Edison International, JP Morgan Chase & Co., Learn4Life, SoCalGas, and Wells Fargo, ensures that 100 percent of funds raised go directly to the community. In addition to the annual HomeWalk fundraiser, United Way has also spearheaded the groundbreaking Home for Good initiative, which was built in collaboration with more than 200 business, government, faith, and philanthropic leaders and organizations to end homelessness in L.A. County, starting with chronically homeless individuals and veterans. Homeless statistics in Los Angeles County: Nearly 47,000 men, women, children and veterans are living without the safety and comfort of a home on any given night. 40% are women, children and youth. While we have made tremendous impact reducing veteran homelessness by 57% -- over 3,000 are still suffering on our streets. Homelessness exists in all of our communities: 90% of homeless individuals live outside of Skid Row. Today's event commenced with elected officials, celebrities, athletes, and thousands of participants in this year's new location in Downtown Los Angeles' Grand Park. The homelessness crisis in Los Angeles County is one of United Way's core priorities in its efforts to develop pathways out of poverty. HomeWalk is one part of United Way's work to raise public awareness and create solutions to end homelessness. For more information, please go to www.homewalkla.org.  ABOUT UNITED WAY OF GREATER LOS ANGELES United Way of Greater Los Angeles is a nonprofit organization that creates pathways out of poverty by helping homeless people move into housing, providing students with the support they need to graduate high school prepared for college and the workforce, and helping hard-working families become financially stable. United Way identifies the root causes of poverty and works strategically to solve them by building alliances across all sectors, funding targeted programs and advocating for change. For more information, visit www.unitedwayla.org.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-way-of-greater-los-angeles-celebrates-a-decade-milestone-of-homewalk-300366309.html SOURCE United Way of Greater Los Angeles Related Links http://www.unitedwayla.org Oct 31, 2016, 11:00 ET Preview: United Way Of Greater Los Angeles Leads Home For Good Funders Collaborative To Advance Unprecedented Collaboration To End Homelessness My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Oct 31, 2016, 11:00 ETUnited Way Of Greater Los Angeles Leads Home For Good Funders... Sep 29, 2016, 11:00 ETThe Los Angeles Rams & United Way of Greater Los Angeles Launch... Explore More news releases in similar topics Not For Profit You just read: United Way of Greater Los Angeles Celebrates a Decade Milestone of HomeWalk News provided by United Way of Greater Los Angeles Nov 19, 2016, 15:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
“No warning can save people determined to grow suddenly rich” – Lord Overstone Home Articles Authors Email Groups Search About Us HOME / Articles / John Rubino / So Much For Electing An Outsider So Much For Electing An Outsider By: John Rubino | Sat, Nov 19, 2016 Share Print Email During his run for the presidency, Donald Trump took the occasional break from insulting women and minorities to toss off some decent - even exciting - policy ideas. Term limits for congressmen and a ban on politicians becoming lobbyists, for instance, were straight from the Libertarian good-government Christmas list. But best of all was the effective break-up of the big banks through the re-imposition of Glass-Steagall, a law passed during the Great Depression to separate taxpayer-protected commercial banks from free-to-fail investment banks. Here's an article published during the campaign noting Wall Street's angst at the prospect: Glass-Steagall: Wall Street is not happy with Donald Trump (CNBC) - The GOP candidate's pledge to bring back Glass-Steagall is an unwelcome surprise for the financial services industry. A top advisor to presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump said on Monday that the party wants to reimplement Glass-Steagall, Depression-era legislation that was designed to prevent big bank "supermarkets," but which was repealed in 1999. After the surprise announcement, which came on the first day of the Republican National Convention, Wall Street sources sounded off on the idea that a Republican would reverse course on policies nearly 20 years old and now taken for granted by big banks. One lawyer, who works with financial institutions on behalf of a white-shoe firm in New York, called the idea "scary." Even Wilbur Ross, one of the Trump campaign's biggest supporters from the finance industry, called it "surprising." Others on Wall Street who spoke to CNBC used stronger language that can't be printed. Glass-Steagall is legislation the U.S. imposed in the wake of the 1929 market crash aimed at limiting the relationships between securities firms and commercial banks, and by extension of that, systemic risk to U.S. markets and the economy. In 1999, legislation was passed that did away with Glass-Steagall, but now, the GOP is ready to bring it back and break up banks. President Trump, however, seems to have quickly changed his mind: The wolves of Wall Street: Trump's Treasury contenders -- what big teeth they have ... (Salon) - Judging by who Trump is considering for Treasury secretary, Wall Street banks could have unprecedented influence. Donald Trump may have sounded like an economic populist to his voters during the presidential campaign, but his administration is shaping up to be the best thing to happen to Wall Street since the Roaring '20s, that regulation-free era that preceded the Great Depression. And we know how well that worked out for the nation. This might sound like hyperbole, but Politico yesterday quoted an historian to back it up: "You would have to go back to the 1920s to see so much Wall Street influence coming to Washington," said Charles Geisst, a Wall Street historian at Manhattan College. "It's the most dramatic turnaround one could imagine. That's the truly astonishing part." It's a little scary when historians are saying that the major Wall Street banks had even less power in Washington during our recent period of deregulation, which spanned the presidencies of Bill Clinton and George W. Bush, than they probably will have over the upcoming four to eight years of the Orange Reign. And it is also a remarkable turnaround since Trump spent so much of his general election campaign bashing Hillary Clinton for her ties to Wall Street. This came after a bruising Democratic primary in which Bernie Sanders bashed her for the same reason. Sanders's popularity and Trump's win, the pundits said, indicated an ascendant populist mood in the country. The fact that, in Trump's case at least, said populism was a distraction meant to keep his fans from noticing that he would be restoring all the old Wall Street thieves and lackwits to prominent positions in Washington was duly noted by liberals but did not break through to enough voters. Or if it did, they did not care. Trump, of course, is spinning his economic plans as the responsible way to unleash the great power of the American economy. From his transition website: Federal policy should focus on free enterprise, while protecting consumers by policing markets for force and fraud. Both Wall Street and Washington should be held accountable. To hold Wall Street accountable, Trump has been looking to name a Treasury secretary who will do anything but. JPMorgan CEO Jamie Dimon has been in the running and according to CNBC he's pitching hard for the gig -- what wolf wouldn't to get into the sheep pen? Right now, however, the top contender is said to be another wolf: Seth Mnuchin, a longtime Goldman Sachs executive and hedge fund manager. Mnuchin was recently the CEO of a regional bank, OneWest, which was previously known as IndyMac. The bank was one of the major players in the foreclosure crisis during the Great Recession and is accused of fraudulently foreclosing on thousands of homes, particularly those owned by seniors and low-income minorities who did not have the resources to pursue legal recourse. Mnuchin, by the way, is not a fan of the Dodd-Frank financial reform act signed by President Barack Obama, which was intended to rein in some of the banking practices by which Mnuchin made his fortune. Since one of Trump's goals for the entire campaign has been the repeal of the Dodd-Frank act and because the deregulation-happy Republicans who control Congress share that goal, you can expect that legislation, signed in 2010 in response to the banking excesses that brought on the Great Recession, to disappear into the mists of history once Mnuchin is confirmed. Congressional Republicans are also likely going to use this new business-friendly atmosphere to destroy or at least hamstring the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the baby of Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who helped set it up in 2010 before her run for the Senate. Republicans have been gunning for the CFPB, which helps protect consumers from predatory businesses. According to The Huffington Post, the CFPB has found redress for 27 million consumers to the tune of nearly $12 billion in its short history. The GOP now plans to rein in the CFPB, possibly by naming recently retired Rep. Randy Neugebauer, R-Texas, to run it. Neugebauer, who like Hensarling has ties to the payday loan industry, has long opposed the CFPB. So putting him in charge of it is the proverbial case of the fox guarding the henhouse. Clearly some back-channel discussions took place in which: 1) Trump made it clear to Wall Street that he was just kidding about Glass-Steagal and that once elected he'd take care of his banker friends, or... 2) Wall Street made it clear to Trump that the rewards for playing ball would be as great as the penalties for not playing ball would be terrible. Either way, message received. The aristocrats seem to have weathered the peasant revolt just fine and are back to happily fleecing their sheep.     Tweet Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Author: John Rubino John Rubino DollarCollapse.com John Rubino edits DollarCollapse.com and has authored or co-authored five books, including The Money Bubble: What To Do Before It Pops, Clean Money: Picking Winners in the Green Tech Boom, The Collapse of the Dollar and How to Profit From It, and How to Profit from the Coming Real Estate Bust. After earning a Finance MBA from New York University, he spent the 1980s on Wall Street, as a currency trader, equity analyst and junk bond analyst. During the 1990s he was a featured columnist with TheStreet.com and a frequent contributor to Individual Investor, Online Investor, and Consumers Digest, among many other publications. He now writes for CFA Magazine. Copyright © 2006-2016 John Rubino All Images, XHTML Renderings, and Source Code Copyright © Safehaven.com Great Resources BLOOMBERG CBS MARKETWATCH CNBC CNN MONEY NASDAQ COMMUNITY OIL PRICE SILICON INVESTOR SMART MONEY THE STREET YAHOO FINANCE   ARMSTRONG ECONOMICS CREDIT BUBBLE BULLETIN PETER SCHIFF PEAK PROSPERITY FALLSTREET BIGCHARTS STOCKCHARTS BULLANDBEARWISE SHARELYNX   MAJOR US INDICES WORLD MARKETS FX STREET FOREX TRADING GLOBEX KITCO BONDHEADS STOCK MAVEN   More links >>> About Safehaven Who is Safehaven? Disclaimer Contact Us Connect with Safehaven Follow @SafehavenDotCom Circle Us Please Read Our Disclaimer © 2000-2016 SafeHaven.com
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists IBD 50 IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone Sector Leaders New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Stock Spotlight Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates CAN SLIM Select Stocks On The Move Stocks that Funds are Buying Tech Leaders IBD Data Tables Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes IBD Stock Analysis Short Selling Futures & Options The New America Swing Trading Bonds Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Politics Politics Editorials Election 2016 Tracking Poll Commentary Election 2016 Columnists IBD/TIPP Poll Policy & Analysis IBD Videos How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources Investor's Corner IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD IBD Key Terms Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists SIGN IN REGISTER Keep me signed in Signing in... Can't access my account Need to register? I am a current subscriber and need to register. I am not a current subscriber and want to register for a free membership. Next Not a member? Try 4 weeks of IBD Digital Premium and get instant access to exclusive stock lists, proprietary ratings and actionable stock analysis. Get Started Now! Current subscribers register here. Keep me signed in Signing in... Forgot your password? News Wells Fargo Faces Tight Limits After Regulator Rips Up Phony Accounts Settlement The Officer of the Comptroller of the Currency ripped up the September settlement over Wells Fargo's fradulent accounts scandal. (iStockphoto) ED CARSON 11/19/2016 Reprints Wells Fargo (WFC) faces strict new restrictions after a banking regulator ripped up part of the settlement over its phony accounts scandal. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency late Friday, in a terse statement, revoked some waivers from the September agreement that imposed a $185 million fine on Wells Fargo for opening as many as 2.1 million fradulent accounts. Wells Fargo said it fired 5,300 workers for the sales practices, but no senior staff were affected, at least initially. The banking giant will now need OCC approval for major business moves or hiring of senior employees. Wells also will be restricted on making so-called golden parachutes to departing staff. The OCC did not explain its unilateral move, which apparently caught Wells Fargo by surprise. But politicians had complained that regulators did impose significant punishment on Wells Fargo for its sales practices and lax oversight. Those charges continued even after CEO John Stumpf resigned and agreed to forgo severance and various stock options. The SEC and Justice Department are conducting their own probes into Wells Fargo. Regulators also may have acted during the current Obama administration. President-elect Donald Trump has said he wants to repeal the Dodd-Frank financial reform bill, and there's a general sense that a Trump administration and GOP Congress will tighter a lighter touch on banking regulation. Wells Fargo new customer accounts fell 44% in Q3 vs. a year earlier, the bank said on Wednesday, citing fallout from the scandal. Still, Wells Fargo shares have been rebounding in recent weeks. After tumbling in September and October while rival banks such as JPMorgan Chase (JPM), Bank of America (BAC) and Citigroup (C) were breaking out of consolidations, Wells Fargo has rallied nearly 15% so far in November. That reflects surging Treasury yields since the election, with expectations that the Federal Reserve will go ahead with an interest rate hike next month. But investors also bet that the bad news for Wells Fargo was priced in. Now, with regulators cracking down and inhibiting business and personnel moves, perhaps for years, investors may think again. ED CARSON | Facebook | @IBD_ECarson Share this: Related news Fed chief Janet Yellen said in Thursday's congressional testimony that a rate hike soon would be "appropriate" (AP) Fed's Yellen: Rate Hike 'Soon,' Will Serve Full Term 11/17/2016 Fed chief Janet Yellen told lawmakers Thursday that she expects a rate hike "soon." She plans to serve out her... 11/17/2016 Fed chief Janet Yellen told lawmakers Thursday that she expects... Wells Fargo New Account Openings Sink 44% In Wake Of Scandal Nasdaq Up Third Day In Row; Banks Still Rising JPMorgan To Pay $264 Million To Settle Probe Over China Hiring GOP Won't Kill Filibuster, So Cover Your Treasury Shorts Stocks Finish Mixed As Recent Breakouts Hold Up; Nasdaq Rebounds BofA, JPMorgan, Other Bank Stock Charts Look Great Despite Pullback Bank Of America Downgraded Again; Walt Disney, Discovery Are Buys Techs Outperform Again; Is More Upside Ahead For Applied Materials? Today's Spotlight Join us in Los Angeles Get comprehensive training in this 2-day event from top portfolio managers and stock market experts! Portfolio Management Webinar Watch now and learn how to maximize your results by rotating cash into your best-performing stocks. Try SwingTrader Free Our new product applies IBD’s CAN SLIM Investing System to help you capture short term trends. More News Donald Trump seated at his desk in his office of the 26th Floor of Trump Towers on Fifth Avenue and E. 57th St. in New York, N.Y. While Trump made many promises during his campaign for the presidency, he might be able to achieve many of them working with a Republican Congress in the first 100 days of his administration, say congressional observers. (Splash News/Newscom) What's Really Doable In Trump's First 100 Days? Bullish on banks? Get in line. (iStockphoto) 6 Best ETFs To Profit From The Trump Effect On The Stock Market Exploring independence: Why do advisors choose the RIA model? Promoted Content By Schwab Advisor Services Special Report (AMLA) L.A. Auto Show 2016: News, Interviews, Videos, New Car Models See from-the-floor coverage and videos of the L.A. Auto Show. INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Contact Us Advertising Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
null
Nomura, RBS appeal US judges $839 million mortgage bond award By A US appeals court appeared unlikely on Friday to overturn an order requiring Nomura Holdings Inc and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc to pay USD 839 million for making false statements while selling mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Buy VA Tech Wabag; target of Rs 781: SPA Financial - Mahagams to save Rs 2,000 cr on ash transportation, provide News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » World News Nov 19, 2016, 11.51 AM | Source: Reuters Nomura, RBS appeal US judge's $839 million mortgage bond award A US appeals court appeared unlikely on Friday to overturn an order requiring Nomura Holdings Inc and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc to pay USD 839 million for making false statements while selling mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Nomura, RBS appeal US judges $839 million mortgage bond award A US appeals court appeared unlikely on Friday to overturn an order requiring Nomura Holdings Inc and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc to pay USD 839 million for making false statements while selling mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Post Your Comments Share Cancel A US appeals court appeared unlikely on Friday to overturn an order requiring Nomura Holdings Inc and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc to pay USD839 million for making false statements while selling mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. Lawyers for both banks urged the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals in New York to reverse a 2015 ruling that followed a non-jury trial in lawsuit by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) over mortgage bonds sold before the 2008 financial crisis. David Tulchin, Nomura's lawyer, argued a lower-court judge had no basis to find the alleged false statements were material, arguing she excluded evidence showing mortgage giants Fannie and Freddie knew of the loan underwriting practices at issue. "The district court excluded all evidence that Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or any reasonable investor standing in their shoes knew about the underwriting practices at the time," he said. But several members of the three-judge panel questioned Tulchin and RBS's lawyer about how that would excuse the banks if they made representations about the quality of the loans that Fannie and Freddie relied on in buying the mortgage bonds. "Couldn't Fannie and Freddie rely on you to do your job?" US Circuit Judge Richard Wesley asked. The lawsuit was one of 18 filed by the FHFA in 2011 over some USD200 billion in mortgage-backed securities that banks sold Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The FHFA has acted as conservator for Fannie and Freddie since their 2008 government takeover. The case is so far the only case to reach trial, after the regulator obtained nearly USD17.9 billion in settlements from institutions that include Bank of America Corp , JPMorgan Chase & Co and Deutsche Bank AG Following a non-jury trial, US District Judge Denise Cote, who presided over most of the cases, ruled against Nomura, which sponsored USD2 billion of securities sold to Fannie and Freddie, and RBS, which underwrote four of the deals. The judge ruled that the offering documents did not correctly describe the mortgage loans. She awarded USD806 million. The banks later agreed to pay another USD33 million for costs and attorneys' fees subject to the appeal's outcome. At Friday's arguments, Kathleen Sullivan, the FHFA's lawyer, urged the court uphold that ruling, saying the evidence showed the bonds' offering documents falsely represented the quality of the mortgages. "We had every reason to rely on their representations," she said. The case is Federal Housing Finance Agency v. Nomura Holding America Inc et al, 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-1872. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr) Tags  Reuters Nomura Holdings Royal Bank of Scotland mortgage-backed securities Fannie Mae Freddie Mac Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Nomura, RBS appeal US judges $839 million mortgage bond award See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News Watch: Funancial Quest's Kolkata Finals Check out: How demonetisation impacts various sectors Get Rich: Investment lessons for young & new investors Indian ADR ends lower; Infosys, HDFC Bank, Tata Motors fall India Cements Q2 net jumps 62% at Rs 62.41 crore Farmer bodies' pre-Budget consultation with FinMin kicks off Demonetisation a bold and gutsy move: USIBC ATMs with no cash continue to trouble customers Farmer bodies want govt to allow old notes for agri input buy See all Video of the day IT at attractive valuations, plan to top up holdings: Ashburton Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015 | Budget 2016 RBI Credit Policy News Archive Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Barron's Penta America’s Top 40 Wealth Management Firms Barron’s exclusive ranking of the Top 40 managers of accounts of $5 million and up Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger close Email This • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address • (Separate multiple address with commas) • You can't enter more than 20 emails. Recipient's Email Address (Separate multiple address with commas) • Invalid Email Address • Must enter an email address Your Email Address Message (Optional) Send me a copy You must enter the verification code below to send. Invalid entry: Please type the verification code again. or Cancel close Thank You Your email has been sent. close Error. An error has occurred and your email has not been sent. Please try again. By Michael Vallo Biography December 23, 2014 Table: America’s Top 40 Wealth Management Firms (See related story: 2015 Top 40 Wealth Management Firms) In the fiercely competitive arena of managing serious wealth, Bank of America has just rung the bell. It has become the first firm to handle more than $1 trillion in U.S. investment accounts for wealthy families. As of June 30, the banking giant, including its Merrill Lynch and U.S. Trust units, had $1.08 trillion under management in accounts of $5 million or more, up 19% from a revised 2013 total. That was more than enough for BofA to retain the top spot in Penta’s annual survey of America’s top 40 wealth managers. The top five firms as a group increased their assets by a healthy 17%, thanks to both a strong stock market and a steady flow of new business. But not all the action was at the top. A number of smaller firms added muscle even faster. Result: The top five actually saw their share of the top 40’s assets slip -- to 62% from an average of 64% in the past few years. With wealth management growing explosively, only one firm in the top 40, Barclays, reported a decrease in asset under management; the British bank dropped to No. 20 from No. 18 as a result. Penta ranks America’s wealth managers annually, focusing only on accounts of $5 million and up. We get most of the data directly from the firms, but in two cases this year, Goldman Sachs and UBS, we had to make our own estimates. All players in the top five retained their rankings from last year. No. 2–ranked Morgan Stanley, though behind BofA, has assembled $937 billion in assets from wealthy families, and is comfortably ahead of the No. 3 firm, JPMorgan, with $625 billion in assets. Wells Fargo and UBS round out the top five, with $495 billion and $403 billion, respectively. We’ve identified one new entry in the top half of the list: Bernstein Global Wealth Management, a division inside Alliance Bernstein, is ranked No. 19, with $48.3 billion in assets under management. There are three newcomers in the bottom half. Boston-based SCS Financial, founded just 12 years ago, is ranked at No. 40, as Los Angeles–based Capital Group’s Private Client Services joins the group at No. 33. After electing not to participate last year, Brown Advisory from Baltimore returns to the 2014 list in the 34th position. Email Print 0 Comments Order Reprints Facebook Share Twitter Google+ smaller Larger Latest in Barron's Penta 1. Where Hollywood Invests 2. Holding Vacation Homes In a Trust Can Help Heirs 3. Remembering Our Overseas Fallen 4. The Latest Charity Reforms Don’t Go Far Enough 5. Investing for the Next 100 Years Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Taming Federal Debt: The Case for 100-Year Bonds Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Bonds Suddenly Look Like a Bargain Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. ETFs: How to Play This Brave New Market Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Ready to Step on the Gas Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Has the Trump Rally Gone Too Far? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: The Case for 100-Year Treasuries 2 3 Stories in 60 Seconds: Tesla and More 3 How to Get the Best Financial Advice Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store By Major Garrett CBS/AP November 18, 2016, 11:48 PM Secretaries of state, treasury, commerce announcements expected next week 10 Photos WASHINGTON, DC - NOVEMBER 10: President-elect Donald Trump, his wife Melania Trump, and Vice President-elect Mike Pence walk to a meeting with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell at the U.S. Capitol for a meeting November 10, 2016 in Washington, DC.  Mark Wilson/Getty Images Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email The next batch of nominations will be formally announced Monday or Tuesday, and those can be expected to include secretary of state, treasury secretary and commerce secretary. The leading candidate for secretary of state remains Rudy Giuliani, and Steven Mnuchin is the top candidate for treasury secretary.  For commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross is far and away the leading candidate. An ally during Trump’s election campaign, the 78-year-old mild-spoken Ross is known for rescuing the types of old-fashioned industrial businesses that Trump has vowed to revive: steel, mining and textiles.  Play Video On The Road Trump's national security team taking shape After a week of tough headlines about the Trump transition in disarray, it appears that the team is starting to take shape. Alabama Sen. Jeff Ses... Ross is chairman of WL Ross & Co., an investment firm that specializes in corporate restructuring. As commerce secretary, Ross would serve as the country’s chief business promoter and overseer of trade and investment issues, in addition to running the Census Bureau and Patent and Trademark Office. The billionaire who may run the Commerce Department Ross will meet with Mr. Trump this weekend at Bedminster to finalize the deal. He wants the job and the president-elect, by all accounts, is eager to give it to him. As for Giuliani, the Trump transition has sought assurances, which I am told have been given, from Senate GOP leaders that he can be confirmed. Former Secretary of State Henry Kissinger is prepared support Giuliani -- this was discussed when Mr. Trump met earlier this week with Kissinger. The transition team has also reached out to another former secretary of state, Gen. Colin Powell (ret.), and I am told he is generally supportive of the former New York City mayor.  Trump transition to the White House - live blog Mnuchin has been the clear front runner to head Treasury, but JP Morgan Chase & Co CEO Jamie Dimon was, for a brief period last weekend, a very real contender. Mr. Trump thought that Dimon’s star status in the financial world could be an asset, but campaign officials argued persuasively to Trump he needed a close friend and confidant to speak on his behalf in all negotiations with Congress over his economic agenda and policies. They argued successfully that Dimon could not carry the voice of Trump the way Mnuchin would. CBS News’ Aimee Picchi contributed to this report. © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Politics Top Trump adviser speaks out on agenda, white nationalism Steve Bannon, chief strategist for Donald Trump's White House, discusses his "economic" nationalism, why "darkness is good" Trump transition to the White House - live blog The latest news on what's going on with the presidential transition - Trump U lawsuits settled; next nominations expected early next week; Trump offers Sessions AG; Mike Pence booed at Hamilton; cast reads him statement Popular From 60 Minutes President-elect Trump's business plans Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video The Giving Kitchen: How a restaurant nourishes the soul Play Video Mother Noella, the "Cheese Nun" Play Video The sparkling Christie Brinkley Play Video Bite at the museum Play Video Mike Pence on "Hamilton" cast: "I wasn't offended" Previous Next 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 22 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Nomura, RBS appeal U.S. judge's $839 million mortgage bond award | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump win the US elections? Firstpost. Monday, November 21, 2016 |Latest E-book DidYouKnow All you need to know about the new Rs 500 notes Front Page Politics PM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee, Congress in Agra over demonetisation Opposition climbing same tree like rats, snakes in flood: Amit Shah Agra: Narendra Modi launches affordable housing scheme, says 'every Indian to have house by 2022' Arvind Kejriwal to release AAP's 'Dalit manifesto', will address 21 rallies in Punjab State-funded elections: PM Modi must realise it's an incomplete exercise without a transparent system Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Sports Premier League: Chelsea go to the top of the table after hard-fought win over Middlesbrough Ranji Trophy: Bengal eye victory against Baroda in their 400th First-class match Ranji Trophy: Gautam Gambhir, Shikhar Dhawan set to open as desperate Delhi aim for win ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC's second half rally helps them earn a draw against Atletico de Kolkata India vs England: Stuart Broad says he picked up bowling tricks from Zaheer Khan Cristiano Ronaldo's emotional speech: Watch Portugal captain address team after Euro 2016 win India Patna-Indore Express train accident: Over 115 killed and more than 200 injured Indo-US ties are too dynamic, pulling back not in interest of anyone: Biswal Sharia banking: RBI proposes opening 'Islamic window' in banks We can work towards 'Make in India & Make with India': Israel President Reuven Rivlin Kashmir conflict: New sturdier fence might be the answer to mounting infiltration problems Demonetisation: Drive must have hit terrorism hard but we shouldn't ignore roots of corruption World Donald Trump set to announce new cabinet picks Donald Trump likely to be invited to Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II, says report Rebel rocket fire on west Aleppo hits school, kills 7 children: Syria state TV Arch-rivals Donald Trump and Mitt Romney meet, discusse world affairs Francois Hollande warns Donald Trump, says Paris climate agreement 'irreversible' Barack Obama, Xi Jinping hold final meet; US-China ties at 'hinge moment' Business Demonetisation: PM Modi aborted plan to calibrate ATMs for Rs 100 notes. Why? Demonetisation: India had civilisation before Modi became PM, says Chidambaram Demonetisation effect: Hungry stomachs are making poor seethe to the point of silent revolt 'Free agents' vs 'prisoners' at workplace: Nirmalya Kumar on rewards and punishments Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Demonetisation: Narendra Modi risks too much by triggering a crisis for cooperative banks Life Indian American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal's parents: 'She's interested in social justice' Slow Food: Why we need a movement to halt the advent of the fast, junk food culture Travels through the Amazon: Journeying through the rainforest, along Lima, Peru, Brazil Breastfeeding: Here's why it may be a good idea to nurse babies during vaccinations The day isn't far when India may have to import scientists: Vijnana Bharati's A Jayakumar St+Art Festival: How street art added colour to public spaces in Bengaluru, Hyderabad Entertainment Kattappanayile Rithwik Roshan review: A baby step on a dismal cinematic landscape Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: A worthy, magical addition to the Harry Potter universe Gilmore Girls countdown: The 10 best pop culture references from the show Rekha Bhardwaj: The musical compatibility between Vishal and me is extraordinary Twinkle Khanna on being Mrs Funnybones: 'I realised that being myself was good enough' Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › Fwire News Nomura, RBS appeal U.S. judge's $839 million mortgage bond award | Reuters Nov 19, 2016 07:00 IST #Crime   #Entertainment   #India   #Lawsuit   #markets   #United States   By Reuters By Nate Raymond | NEW YORK NEW YORK A U.S. appeals court appeared unlikely on Friday to overturn an order requiring Nomura Holdings Inc (8604.T) and Royal Bank of Scotland Group Plc (RBS.L) to pay $839 million for making false statements while selling mortgage-backed securities to Fannie Mae (FNMA.PK) and Freddie Mac(FMCC.PK).Lawyers for both banks urged the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York to reverse a 2015 ruling that followed a non-jury trial in lawsuit by the Federal Housing Finance Agency (FHFA) over mortgage bonds sold before the 2008 financial crisis.David Tulchin, Nomura's lawyer, argued a lower-court judge had no basis to find the alleged false statements were material, arguing she excluded evidence showing mortgage giants Fannie and Freddie knew of the loan underwriting practices at issue."The district court excluded all evidence that Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or any reasonable investor standing in their shoes knew about the underwriting practices at the time," he said.But several members of the three-judge panel questioned Tulchin and RBS's lawyer about how that would excuse the banks if they made representations about the quality of the loans that Fannie and Freddie relied on in buying the mortgage bonds. "Couldn't Fannie and Freddie rely on you to do your job?" U.S. Circuit Judge Richard Wesley asked.The lawsuit was one of 18 filed by the FHFA in 2011 over some $200 billion in mortgage-backed securities that banks sold Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The FHFA has acted as conservator for Fannie and Freddie since their 2008 government takeover.The case is so far the only case to reach trial, after the regulator obtained nearly $17.9 billion in settlements from institutions that include Bank of America Corp (BAC.N), JPMorgan Chase & Co (JPM.N) and Deutsche Bank AG (DBKGn.DE) Following a non-jury trial, U.S. District Judge Denise Cote, who presided over most of the cases, ruled against Nomura, which sponsored $2 billion of securities sold to Fannie and Freddie, and RBS, which underwrote four of the deals.The judge ruled that the offering documents did not correctly describe the mortgage loans. She awarded $806 million. The banks later agreed to pay another $33 million for costs and attorneys' fees subject to the appeal's outcome. At Friday's arguments, Kathleen Sullivan, the FHFA's lawyer, urged the court uphold that ruling, saying the evidence showed the bonds' offering documents falsely represented the quality of the mortgages."We had every reason to rely on their representations," she said.The case is Federal Housing Finance Agency v. Nomura Holding America Inc et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 15-1872. (Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Nov 19, 2016 07:00 IST Related News Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle Trump University lawsuits | Reuters Conservatives have concerns about Sessions as Trump's attorney general | Reuters Firstpost special report: What India must do to end abuse of children Philippines' Duterte says may follow Russia's withdrawal from useless ICC | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 87 2 59.2 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan 2.0 First Look: Rajinikanth Returns as Chitti, Akshay Kumar Looks Intriguing - News18 Demonestisation LIVE: PM Modi in Agra, assures people's sacrifices won't go in vain India vs England, 2nd Test: Hosts' well-timed strikes on Day 4 put them on path to victory Stop believing these credit score myths - Moneycontrol Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs WI Zimbabwe tied with West Indies Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK New Zealand beat Pakistan by 8 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Dec 8th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef | Reuters CORRECTED: Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters View more site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
LI TV Series Wins Awards | Port Washington News CLOSE Home Port News On The Water Events All Events School News Library Sports Obituaries Columns Magazine Specials Automotive Banking & Finance Camps & Schools Education Healthy Living Home Design Senior LIving Vacation & Travel Wine & Dine Sunday, November 20, 2016 Advertise Subscribe Contact Us Newspaper In Education Lesson Plans Sister Sites Home Port News On The Water Events All Events School News Library Sports Obituaries Columns Magazine Specials Automotive Banking & Finance Camps & Schools Education Healthy Living Home Design Senior LIving Vacation & Travel Wine & Dine Home Hot On The Web LI TV Series Wins Awards Hot On The Web Port Stories LI TV Series Wins Awards By Elizabeth Johnson - November 18, 2016 0 44 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Port Washington-based Scordio Productions, Inc., has garnered several awards in the film festival circuit over the past few months. The pilot episode of the series Long Island Lights won Best New Media/Series at the Hollywood Boulevard Film Festival and the IndieFest Film awards. It also copped the Best Web Series/New Media at the Los Angeles International Film Festival Awards and was also a semifinalist at the Los Angeles Cinefest. The pilot episode was screened at the Raleigh Studios in Hollywood, California, last month. Conceived by A.J. Scordio, a graduate of Paul D. Schreiber Senior High School and Bucknell University, Long Island Lights is a half-hour comedy about a group of misfits at an amateur production company on Long Island who are hungry to become rich and famous. It was inspired Scordio’s life story; he quit his promising career at JPMorgan Chase to pursue his dream of becoming a filmmaker. According to a press release, “It features the romantic story lines and coworker drama of The Office, the goofy family dysfunction of Arrested Development and the dark and often raunchy humor of It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia. In today’s social media frenzy, fame can appear so accessible to everyone, and this hapless group is determined to become Hollywood famous and they’re doing it on Long Island. So they come up with these crazy ideas and stumble every step of the way on their journey to become famous…even if it means being infamous. “We watch them fail over and over again but the real success comes in the bonds that they form with one another,” the release added. The crew filmed numerous scenes in Port Washington, Huntington, Baiting Hollow, Riverhead as well as Brooklyn and Times Square. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleD’Urso WIns Schimel’s Seat Elizabeth Johnson RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Polls D’Urso WIns Schimel’s Seat Hot On The Web Phillips Sweeps Into Senate Seat Hot On The Web Baxter House Plans Do Not Include Demolition NO COMMENTS Leave a Reply Cancel reply Calendar << Nov 2016 >> M T W T F S S 31 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 1 2 3 4 Port Washington Area News Long Island Area News ABOUT USPort Washington News has served the areas of Port Washington, Sands Point, Baxter Estates, Flower Hill, Port Washington North, Beacon Hill and Manorhaven since 1903, serving as a trusted source for local news, community events and sports coverage. Contact us: portwashington@antonmediagroup.com FOLLOW US © Copyright 2015 - All Rights Reserved
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe U.K. Plc Urges May Not to Push It Off Brexit’s ‘Cliff Edge’ Eric Pfanner ericpfanner November 19, 2016 — 7:01 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp What happens if EU exit talks end with no deal, companies ask Prime minister wants to start negotiations in March 2017 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The U.K.’s main corporate lobby is urging the government to clarify what happens on the day after Brexit, seeking to ensure that business isn’t left dangling if the country is unable to strike new trade deals before it leaves the European Union. “Businesses are inevitably considering the cliff-edge scenario -- a sudden and overnight transformation in trading conditions,” Paul Drechsler, president of the Confederation of British Industry, said in the text of a speech prepared for the group’s annual conference Monday. “If this happens, firms could find themselves stranded in a regulatory no man’s land.” Prime Minister Theresa May has said she wants to invoke Article 50 of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty by the end of March 2017, setting in motion two years of formal talks on the U.K.’s departure from the bloc. In that time, the government will have to draw up new rules for a range of economic activities currently governed by EU regulations as well as strike new trade deals. If no agreements are reached, trade between the U.K. and the EU would be governed by World Trade Organization rules. The CBI conference precedes Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond’s Autumn Statement on the economy Wednesday, when he will outline the government’s near-term priorities for tax and spending. Many business leaders favored staying in the EU. Since the June 23 vote went the other way, the CBI has led calls for the U.K. to maintain tariff-free ties to the bloc, while ensuring that British companies can continue to tap workers from the EU. May has pledged to curb immigration, a principal demand of the “Leave” campaign -- but one that EU leaders have said is incompatible with continued single-market access. So far May has yet to provide a detailed roadmap of the government’s Brexit plans. Executives at companies ranging from U.K. advertising giant WPP Plc to U.S. bank JPMorgan Chase & Co. have warned that uncertainty has hamstrung business -- a concern that Drechsler is set to highlight. “When it comes to negotiations, no one understands the need for discretion better than business,” the text of his speech says. “We’re not asking for a running commentary, but we are looking for clarity and, above all, a plan.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Brexit Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Jim Cramer Is Right About Bank of America Just because Bank of America’s shares have surged since the presidential election doesn’t mean that they're now unreasonably expensive. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) Nov 19, 2016 at 10:44AM Host of CNBC's Mad Money, Jim Cramer. Image source: Wikimedia Commons. CNBC host Jim Cramer certainly has his detractors, but I've found that a lot of his opinions tend to coincide with mine. His position on Bank of America (NYSE:BAC) offers a case in point. Cramer's opinion on Bank of America In an article this week, Cramer asked one of the most important questions facing prospective investors in Bank of America right now: Given the rapid ascent of its stock in the wake of the presidential election, is it too late to buy the bank's shares? Cramer doesn't think it is for two reasons. First, he believes that interest rates could soon rise in a series of multiple rate hikes by the Federal Reserve. And second, the incoming Trump administration's promises to roll back the suffocating regulatory regime under the Dodd-Frank Act will reduce compliance costs for Bank of America and thereby boost its bottom line. With regard to Bank of America's share price, here's where Cramer stands: I think the answer is that if you believe there are going to be multiple rate hikes, like I do, you wait to see if it gets back to $18, but that you accept that you may end up paying $20 because in this new regime I just don't think the buyers will let it go back to $16. Why I agree with Cramer I think Cramer is absolutely right. Fed chairwoman Janet Yellen said as much in testimony to Congress this week, praising the ongoing improvement in employment, inflation, and the economy more generally. The central bank's monetary policy committee thus concluded at its latest meeting that "the case for an increase in [the Fed Funds rate] had continued to strengthen and that such an increase could well become appropriate relatively soon." Traders have already sent long-term interest rates surging in anticipation of such a move. The yield on 10-year Treasury bonds climbed from around 1.8% at the time of the election to over 2.2% today. That's a huge move given the size of the market for 10-year Treasuries. It's also music to the ears of Bank of America, which stands to earn billions in additional net interest income as rates rise. 10 Year Treasury Rate data by YCharts. Additionally, if Trump follows through on his promise to cut taxes and boost spending on infrastructure projects, as well as to reduce regulations, then banks would be free to make a lot more loans. "We could lend more money if the capital levels were different," Bank of America chairman and CEO Brian Moynihan said earlier this year at a conference organized by The Wall Street Journal. The annual stress tests mandated by Dodd-Frank are a drag, as well, he said. "It will make you very safe," Moynihan said of the tests. "The question is whether it restricts lending." More loans will translate into higher profits The answer to that question is clearly yes. Not only do the stress test and capital requirements mean that banks have to keep more capital on their books as opposed to investing it in interest-earning assets, but the rules also dictate how banks allocate their assets between highly liquid securities and illiquid loans -- showing a clear preference for the former. At the end of the third quarter, which concluded on Sept. 30, Bank of America had $522 billion worth of so-called global liquidity sources -- namely cash and low yielding government securities. If it were able to reallocate a portion of that into higher yielding loans, it would stimulate both the economy and Bank of America's bottom line. Based on very rough math, for every $100 billion the bank cycled into loans, it'd earn $550 million or so in added net interest income a quarter, which would boost its earnings by upwards of 10%. It's also worth noting that Trump's reform agenda could very well remove the Fed's veto power over bank capital plans. Combined with higher earnings, that would free Bank of America up to double its quarterly dividend while still paying out a comparable share of its earnings to shareholders relative to banks such as JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo. Finally, even though Bank of America's shares have surged 18% since the presidential election, and are thus nowhere near as cheap as they were beforehand, they're still a far cry from expensive. They trade for a 17% discount to book value per share and an only 14% premium to its tangible book value per share. These are very reasonable valuations. The point being, just like Cramer says, if you're on the fence about buying Bank of America stock, your primary concern shouldn't be its price/valuation. Yes, its shares are more expensive than they were two weeks ago. But no, that doesn't mean that they don't have room to grow from here. John Maxfield owns shares of Bank of America and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool recommends Bank of America. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info Nov 19, 2016 at 10:44AM Financials Stocks Bank of America NYSE:BAC $20.00 down $0.08 (-0.40%) Read More Is America the New Japan? Bank of America Reports Solid Third-Quarter Earnings Bank of America's Stock Is Approaching a Very Significant Threshold 1 Reason Bank of America Could Soon Earn a Lot More Money Bank Stocks Downgraded: Is the Trump Rally Kaput? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets Here are our f-----g earnings: Swearing in conference calls CNBC @CNBCPublished now CNBC @CNBCPublished now                                                                               Swearing in conference calls seems to be up in 2016. Here are some of the most profane moments. Corporate managers are usually known for their stuffy professionalism, but every once in a while C-suite executives like to let loose with some profanity. Analysts and investors listening in to the latest round of earnings calls may have heard wildcatter and Halcon Resources CEO Floyd Wilson describe his company's properties with colorful language or CBS 's Leslie Moonves curse at Fox for its great World Series ratings. Profanity usage seems to be up this year from 2014 or 2015, but is still down from earlier in the decade, according to an analysis of Seeking Alpha transcripts by CNBC. The most common uncouth word to show up in conference calls over the last 10 years was "damn," as in "pretty damn profitable."Words like "a--" and "s---" also showed up hundreds of times across more than 100,000 transcripts in both positive and negative contexts ( as in "we kicked a--!"). Using a fairly wide definition of profanity that includes most words that are frowned upon in polite society, it's clear that a small number of companies are responsible for a good portion of foul language in conference calls. These include Cypress Semiconductor , Titan International , Scotts Miracle-Gro , Wynn Resorts and Emerson Electric . Major household names like T-Mobile and Yum Brands are also relatively high on the list. For the most part, executives stuck to the less offensive curse words, but there have only been a few instances of CEOs dropping f-bombs while talking to investors. We found thousands of profane words in the transcripts we searched, but use of the f-word tends to make people sit up and take notice. While profanity in earnings calls seems to be on the rise compared to the last few years, we didn't find any CEOs who had used an f-word in the last three years. One of the most famous examples was from Carol Bartz, CEO of Yahoo in 2009, who criticized the company for having too many management employees compared to engineers. Bartz immediately apologized on the call, saying "I knew that would slip out one of these times." At times, executives' ire was directed at specific analysts. In 2013, natural gas company Encana Corp apologized after an unknown employee could be heard whispering "f-----g a-----e" in response to an analyst's question. Enron's CEO also famously employed "a-----e" against a hedge fund manager who questioned the company's opaque accounting. Intuitively, the use of R-rated language in a conference call has the possibility to cast corporate leaders in a negative light if the profanity seems inappropriate or unprofessional. On the other hand, there is some evidence that using profanity selectively can make a person seem more intense and persuasive. If asked whether swear words make a person seem more trustworthy, people will often say no, but if asked to rate the credibility of statements with and without swearwords, the profanity actually seems to make the information seem more believable. As a composite index, the companies with relatively high levels of profanity don't seem to be harmed too much by their word choices. In fact, that index would have beaten the S&P 500 by about 40 points over the past decade, even if that gain is mostly driven by the potty mouths at a few large companies. Most of the businesses in the index have smaller market caps, so big companies like Mastercard and JPMorgan have outsized influence. Certainly not all profanity helps build confidence in a company. In 2007, CEO Albert Lord of Sallie Mae (SLM Corp ) failed to reassure investors who were growing nervous about certain mortgage-backed securities. The executive appeared "agitated" on the call, leading into a 21 percent drop in the company's stock price. "Let's go," Lord said as the conference call was wrapping up. "There's no questions. Let's get the f--- out of here." And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
